Okay, what's on a good resource page? So basically what we want on a resource page is SEO driven guides. Now what that means is they're, maybe SEO optimized is the better term, they're prepared for SEO, they're searchable, but they're really created for your audience, okay? But for simplicity's sake, I do like to separate certain things. There's also a slight benefit in SEO, although it's not like huge, it's not a deal breaker by any means.

it means it's one of those tiny shifts. Generally, I like the blog itself to basically be a client journal, okay? What I'm shooting, like who I'm working with, this is my client journal, these are the shoots that I'm doing. I like resource pages to be directly after, I like them to be actual web pages on my site that the URL is directly after my .com. So meaning, let's see here, I'm gonna go.

Go, let's go to like Leningrsa as an example. So you'll notice that we do have a resource page. If I click this though, let me see if you guys can see the URL. You'll notice that the URL, oops, let's go, okay. So if I go client resources, do you see how the URL is client resources? But when I click one of these, let's choose like Mexican wedding traditions, right? Notice that it's not underneath client.

resources, Mexican wedding traditions. It's actually its own URL directly behind linendirsa.com. The reason why is that there's a little bit of an SEO advantage when a website or when a page is closer in organization to your .com. The closer it is to your landing page, to your home page of your website, the more important it's perceived to be. So I like the resource pages to be just directly connected to your .com.

And then to simply have a page where you're featuring those resources essentially. Okay, that's the idea here. So That's why I like including like when you're creating resource pages That's why I like them to be there and not inside of the blog because if they go into your blog It's you know, whatever website comm forward slash blog forward slash Mexican wedding traditions or whatever the the resource might be Okay, so just a little bit of a tip there it's not a deal-breaker

breaker if your resources are inside of your blog but I think just from an organizational standpoint a little bit of SEO optimization is beneficial on that to separate them. Plus it's a little bit easier for me like as I'm thinking what goes where. Okay the blog is just for client stuff and my resource page that's for long term assets that I'm creating. So this is it. What we're doing here is adding things to our menu. Again we want a resource page in our menu because anything important goes at the top of the page.

website when a search engine when a it doesn't matter whether it's crawled by AI whether it's crawled by Google whether whatever is towards the top of a website is perceived to be more important so I want these things linked up in the top of the website we need something that links directly to the resource page so here's resources like look photo spots are locations that are great for photos right wedding venues and you might be wondering uh Pi what's the point in creating all these when people are going to AI chat just to get their answers right

Okay, number one, AI chat, like AI search, people are using that to search for things. It pulls from articles that are available on the internet. Okay, so number one, you're helping to kind of like populate that. But number two, when people search for photography, they might have a question, but they also wanna see examples. Photography is a visual thing. So getting a text response from an AI is not the same thing as actually seeing what you did at a particular shoot.

what you did with a Boudoir client, what you did for a particular children portrait session, what you did at a particular wedding venue. So we want to build these things because there's still so much value in building resources for clients, especially when those resources include visuals that give them examples of what it is that we do, right? So we want this. It's useful for both SEO and for AI search, and we're gonna put them in a lead magnus. We're gonna do a lot of things with them. So yes, we want these resources. This is gonna be.

huge part of our marketing strategy as you move forward. One thing though, I want you to understand that most people find these resource pages generally through search. What that means is I'm on Google, I type in something like Terranea wedding photography, right, and then suddenly I click this page. The person that searches this, they don't necessarily know what Leningersa is. They don't know what website they're on.

they got led to a website, it happened to be your website, but they don't know you, they don't know your services, anything. So they get to the article, and if you don't have a section at the top and at the bottom that tells a bit about who you are and what you do, then those search views are not gonna yield anything. So what we want is something at the top, it can be at the top of the page, like it can be right underneath the header where you have a little about section and then the article just below that where they can see it.

or it could be to the right of it. You can use a two-column approach. Either way's up to you, but we need to include a little about and a call to action at the top and bottom of each of these resource pages, okay? That's very important to take advantage of this. One other thing that I like on a resource page is ideally categorization. This is like not a make or break thing. It's just nice if it's a bit more organized. Again, because people don't generally, people are not generally gonna.

go to your landing page or your website and then click resources and then click what they want. They're usually gonna find those things externally from search, right? So even if you don't have categories, this is not a deal breaker. We still don't have categories, but try to make it simple, easy to follow. That's actually the main critique that I would have for ours, right? So if you looked at our client resources, our venue guides, favorite vendors, there is some guidance to it, but on the client resources, I'm like, man, if I click to open this one.

It's just literally a hodgepodge of articles, right? With pages. There's not really any organization to this. But again, people are finding these pages from search. If I go to say wedding venues, there is some organization there. Or I go Los Angeles venues, Orange County, and I can see that. And then I can see from the list of Orange County venues, I see like, okay, this shows here. And you can get a little bit deeper if you wanted to an organization, but this is already pretty good, right? To have this kind of organization. You could.

You could go further, you could say beach resorts, you could say like, or resort vibes, you could say nature vibes, you can separate it based on like the style, the look. But having some level of organization is nice, okay? Not crazy important, because of how people are finding it, but nice. Here's another example of a good resource page. This one is from Jessie and Dallens. So if you click on their resources, this is for brides and grooms right here, okay? So as I scroll down, the wedding experience, couple experience, and then.

look how we're different. I love how they kind of built some experience in this process. So if someone clicks that, it's kind of like, hey, here's a little guide into what it is that we do. And then also, check this out. There's this beautiful guide to Utah wedding venues. That's a fantastic lead magnet right there. Then you have wedding resources and advice. This is great. Each one of these, let's see if they follow the practice. Now look, each one of these is underneath their blog. So it goes jessingdown.com, blog, our five favorite wedding exit ideas. Deal breaker? No.

just not quite as SEO optimized as if it were minus the blog URL and just our five favorite wedding ideas attached or exit ideas attached directly to their .com. Again, tiny, tiny like little optimization thing that's nice. If you can do it from the start where you separate and blog stuff is for clients and your pages are for permanent stuff, I think that's great. If you've already been designing this and you're already down the road and everything's underneath.

If the blog, not a deal breaker, don't stress about it. Okay. A lot of these like little SEO tricks now are just not deal breakers. There's like little optimization tricks and I'll let you know, I'll let you know when something's important, when something's important, it's like, okay, what you put into your title, making sure that you have these words, that's important, you know, including those words in the body of the text, that's important. You know, making sure that it goes into neither H one or H two into some sort of heading that's important. Optimizing images, I'll tell.

you when those things are critical and when it's like, okay, these things are nice, but they're not deal breakers. Cool. So this gives you a good idea. Resources are fantastic. Again, I'm going to show you how to create these as we get into the marketing work, but just imagine every one of these things that is created, they work as, you know, what we're looking to do is create lead magnets, things that we like the top Utah wedding venues, top California wedding venues, our favorite spots, 10 places to do your engagement photos. These are reasons that people.

would click on an ad, the reasons that people would click on your website, give you their email because they want something that's valuable to them. On top of that, if someone is thinking about where to get their engagement session, you could create a resource for, you know, here are my favorite locations for engagements and have it be part of your client experience. If you're a boudoir photographer and they're like, well, what should I wear to my boudoir session? You create a resource that's what to wear and then as soon as they book, you send them an email that says, congratulations, here's your receipt.

for booking. Look, one of the first questions we get is, what should you wear? Here's a little article right here that I've attached. Go ahead and click that. Check it out. Let me know if you have any questions. These are areas where we want to build these resources because it allows us to just amplify the overall client experience across the board. Plus, we're going to use them for social media marketing, for all sorts of external uses as well on the marketing side too. So please do not sleep on this concept.

content literally is like, like all of this, this top down strategy is how we've generated at this point, I think we're approaching close to 40 million, but it's well over $30 million of revenue over the 15 years of running Lin and Jirsa just from this, only this past year, did we start doing paid ads and there's, there's reasons for that. We can talk about it later, but it's not because we had to, by the way, it's just because like, we're a different place in our family life and like, that's like.

Our focus now is let's do less and just kind of leverage something else that we can pay for. But anyway, no point in kind of worrying about that yet. My point is that we built this entire thing and we're still getting tons of leads a month from work that we did with organic content, with all these things, with resources essentially, from six, seven years ago, okay? These things will continue to give you revenue. They will continue to build up over time.

time, whereas paid advertising, whereas a social media post, it's only going to be useful for a short period on social media, a matter of minutes, maybe days, for a paid ad as long as you're spending money on it. Don't sleep on this stuff. Perfect.