Win-win partnerships, so this is kind of the last module inside of the marketing section of the program, which is step 6 through step 11. And what we want to do here is I want to help you to kind of identify how to boost your marketing effort.

through really great collaborations. Basically, these are mutually beneficial collaborations with other vendors, with venues, potential partners across the board. So what we're talking about here is, well, specifically some of the nuts and bolts of it, like how do I tag or collaborate with vendors? Are free shoots worth doing? What are the most effective?

of ways, for example, of say building a portfolio. When should I do free shoots? What are test shoots versus style shoots? We'll talk a bit about spec shoots as well. And we'll talk about this process of like, how do I network and build relationships to do these collaborative shoots, all of it, okay? So these are the questions, the topics that we're addressing. And really when we look at the leverage frame.

work we've already covered all these check marks what we're looking at now is like how can we amplify these efforts with partnerships so this is where we are in terms of focus okay once again we're going to go fast quickly through this just so that it's easy for you guys to complete the modules and actually implement so feel free to pause implement

and repeat, that's the process that I'm kind of expecting. And again, between sessions, if you have any questions at all, just jump right into the mentorship group. That's there for you to ask questions, to share advice, give feedback, and to share your aha moments. Okay, I was gonna say aha wins, but your wins or aha moments. All right, let's go ahead and dive now into the first lesson.

So, what exactly are win-win partnerships? I want to start by defining this because really, in order to create an effective partnership, we have to know exactly who to target, who to go after in terms of creating these relationships to begin with, right? The first point I want to make is nobody likes...

the person that is needy. Whether you're reaching out to a vendor, whether it's a venue, no collaborative partner wants to do work with someone else that's really in a position of just like asking. So what we want to do is we want to actually bring value to the table throughout this process. We want to make sure that it's a good fit for everybody.

so we can work under a mutually beneficial context. Now the beautiful thing is one of the very easy ways to stand out just in these relationship building opportunities is just to simply look to add value to someone else's life or to their business. Specifically in this case we're going to be looking to add value to their businesses right. So

A win-win relationship or partnership is when we can create a relationship under this mutually beneficial context. So it's not, you know, us reaching out like the, if I were to ask a wedding planner, like what is the most frustrating email you get, it would most certainly, at least this would be in the top five, it would be,

be the email of the photographers who are like, hey, I'm new in this area. I just wanted you to know that I'm here. Let me know what it would take to work with you. That is the most obnoxious, annoying email. It is the epitome of like a needy kind of stance in terms of how we're communicating. And you're unlikely to get a response at all. You're just gonna get ghosted, possibly.

even blacklisted for doing things like that. And you might be wondering, well, what about outside of weddings? We're gonna talk about that. There are plenty of collaborative opportunities outside of this, but that's just a very common example I think all of us can relate to or at least understand. And so we wanna avoid that. We want this mutually beneficial context.

And the idea here that I want to kind of go against is this idea that you should never do free shoots. You see this kind of all the time thrown up online. It's this simple kind of one way street statement. And I would say, well, not really. Okay. I do agree this to an

extent like I don't want you to do free work when it's not under a mutually beneficial context so for example someone reaches out to you and they say hey would you be willing to do this I'll tag you and I'll promote you you'll get good exposure I don't want you to do a free shoot in that case unless you find

in that, okay, we're going to build in that exposure into the contract. We're going to put an actual dollar value into what you're committing to. And you know that the audiences are in alignment, right? Without that mutually beneficial context, I most certainly just don't want you to like work for free. At the same time though, I have to tell you that we have built our portfolio.

folio in new areas of our business, we've created relationships, we've earned a significant amount of revenue through basically doing shoots that are unpaid or free shoots. And maybe there's a better term for it than free shoots, like maybe unpaid would be the right way to go about it. But that's why we have terms like.

test shoot, spec shoot, and all of that, collaborative shoot, that's kind of what we're talking about here. So the power of this, what I want you to recognize is the power in this. This was, up here is a style shoot that we did with a couple of our local vendors, right? And you know, with us, we have 45,000, at the time we had 45,500.

followers. We've, I think, since trimmed our following, but we teamed up with these different businesses and basically went and just put together like this kind of styled shoot scenario. These detailed images, if you put together, I added up the impressions that it received were over 900,000 impressions.

we had six or so collaborating vendors on this project right so we do with this collaborative effort is we naturally expand reach by tapping into other people's audiences and you can see how well those audiences have to be aligned otherwise that exposure really doesn't matter right this was a wedding an actual wedding that we did

And these are all the different people that we tagged in and we're including like, this is the bridal shop that we tagged them. I think one of these is the designer. We're tagging. Everybody we possibly can. When you looked at everybody who shared these images, it was seen by over 6.8 million people across the world. And it got over 170,000.

like so 6.8 million impressions this is what I want you to recognize as far as like collaborative potential okay between like like just us we would need a post to go fully viral like if we have 45 000 followers we need a very viral post to get anywhere near these numbers right but if we

we have collaborative partners that are also publishing and sharing, then we can gain a lot of virality by just bringing people in. Another example outside the wedding space was that at a time we were kind of considering, should we create a commercial portfolio? Should we go into this side of the business? So what I did was I reached out to a business that we were.

like I was already going to, it was a gym that I was going to called The Twelve, and I said, what if we created collateral for y'all, what if we created marketing materials, and maybe we even do this like once or twice a year for you, and we do it in exchange for studio memberships. So I told him that the cost of a typical commercial shoot like this might be somewhere in the neighborhood of $40,000 to $50,000, you know, obviously it's a

the space where I'm new in, but I had full confidence that I could deliver based on my skillset, okay? So I said, this is what it would typically cost, but instead of doing that, why don't we just exchange memberships and we'll put together this kind of content package. It involved us going out twice a year and shooting and creating content for them.

Now, from each of these shoots, we got well over 25 portfolio images if we were looking to consider, like to create this commercial brand, right? We got 50 plus images for the blog, social media. We actually ended up with like hundreds of images. So it was a lot more. These are basic numbers that I'm gonna give you in a moment that that's what we should be trying to hit. We got a lot.

behind the scenes video for social media and for education in case we wanted to teach, like how do we do a shoot like this? And the whole idea behind this was, I was thinking about adding at the time, like creating a course on how to do a speculative shoot. So I was like, I'm gonna do a spec shoot and I'll define that in just a little bit. But basically.

It's a shoot where it's it's like a test shoot, but it's with some sort of practical commercial application, right? So we go to the gym and the gyms like yeah, all of our equipment is by Nautilus I go, okay. Let's approach this as if we're doing a spec shoot for Nautilus and for the 12 the the gym itself and We created the images. And so what I did was

was I created images that I thought Nautilus might like, like images where you had women that were working out where you can clearly see the Nautilus branding. This is just one of those examples. We had multiple machines that were featured. And then I reached out to Nautilus and I said, hey, there's a few images in here that you guys might really like for your collateral. They turned around, they bought them for $10,000. So they licensed those five.

of images for $2,000 a piece. So this is another example of a collaborative shoot and the effectiveness of that. Not only is there a direct benefit, we actually got like 25 memberships for the studio, but we got the portfolio, the imagery, the behind the scenes, we got the experience of it. We got everything from.

going out and doing that. And it was a win-win for them too because they got all this fantastic collateral that they used to build their brand, okay? One other example inside of say the wedding space, this is a engagement shoot giveaway, right? So we ran a giveaway for this one. This is 25, we got well over 25 portfolio images. We got hundreds of images for our blog and social media. We got behind the scenes.

We solidified vendor relationships for this. We got really cool images. They had the Volkswagen Beetle, the couple that won this. They were like, yeah, we happen to have this Beetle. Would that be cool to bring out to our shoot? And I'm like, dude, that would be absolutely amazing. We should definitely do that. So we kind of looked out with the Beetle on that one. But we had a local wedding planner just kind of help us out.

and get Flores and get some props for this. And we tagged all of them in this too. And we created some new and interesting work. So what I want you to see here, I'm gonna show you the how as we go through this section. I simply want you to understand the power of this right now, okay? So this idea of free or these unpaid shoots, it really makes a lot of sense.

You need to do any of these things. Like if you need to level up your technical skill, because maybe you're not good enough yet for this space, or you're not certain yet, fantastic. If you want to build your portfolio into a new space, like whether it's the first niche that you're building or whether you're like, okay, I'm already good inside of the, the wedding space. Now I want to build a headshot brand. That's great too. You can do.

do that there. It's awesome for creating valuable relationships. It's great for expanding your network and your audience. It's great for gaining exposure of value. This means that the audience is in alignment, right? I think you all know what I mean by that now is like when we talked in the marketing section in step 10 and I gave you that example of Jeremy,

a guy that sells beef jerky that has millions of followers and gets no sales because the audiences are misaligned, right, we don't care about the number of followers, what we care about is if those followers are interested in a similar thing, if they're interested in potentially what we have to offer. So exposure can be valuable if we're talking about, like let's say you are a.

a pet photographer and the person that you're considering working with has like a pet channel, like that's all they do, right? And then you're like, okay, there's audience alignment, but if it's a general influencer, like if it's a fashion influencer and like, oh, I really want to get my dog in this cute outfit, that is not an alignment, that exposure is not.

not gonna make a single bit of difference for your business, right? And also, it makes sense to do free shoots when we need to build our content library. We can check all of these boxes at once, and that's the power of it. But, the huge but in this is just, I need you to check off the boxes in what I've created for you as a collaborative networking guide so that you're never,

doing free work without a purpose or without a plan. I think Chase Jarvis, not my favorite person, I shouldn't say that, but fine person, don't agree on everything, which is totally cool. You can agree to disagree on stuff. He did say this one fantastic line and I'm like, you know what? That's quotable. He said,

Do it for free or charge full price. And I do agree, it's like you either do it for free where it's mutually beneficial, or you just charge full price. But this in-between kind of bullshit, let's let that all go, okay? So thank you, Chase, for that quote and contribution to our industry. All right, so this.

This is your collaborative networking guide. Step one, identify the right partners. Collaborative networking only works when you select potential partners that are, one, within your photographic niche, working with or will work with your ideal clients. They have a similar or larger online presence, meaning if you have 1,000 followers, don't go reaching out to somebody that has 50,000 followers.

50,000 if you have 10,000 they have 20,000 not a big deal That's not a huge difference, but if they're 50 times larger than you you're likely just to get ignored, okay? So let's try to find people that are on our wavelength They're also similarly developed in business again the idea of like if you're just starting out in a space And you're like man if I'm the pet photographer that's just launching into this and I want to

Go and get, you know, the biggest pet brand on my side. Like this is, this is problematic, right? We don't yet have the bargaining power to bring to the table. So we want to find people that are similarly developed in their business. We want to add people that can bring value to the shoot itself and that they're willing to cover their individual expenses. It's weird when someone comes to the shoot and they're like, yeah.

but you need to pay for my florals. Or yeah, but you need to pay for this. It's like, no, I'm gonna cover my costs. I would appreciate if you cover your costs and then we all benefit from using the images together. We also wanna use models who look like potential clients. So again, with the pet photography example, we aren't gonna do a test shoot where there's people.

there, we're going to do a test shoot where there's dogs and where there's pets and animals. If we're photographing senior portraits, we're not going to go and get a couple. That doesn't make any sense. We need the models to actually look like the potential clients. I've also given you this. This is a collaborative partner idea sheet to get your mind moving, okay? Because you might think that, you know,

know in my in my space like I don't do weddings so there's not that many people to collaborate with this is simply not true okay so this is to get your mind moving planners florists DJs efficients brides boutiques all that this is great for wedding photographers that's obvious but makeup and hair are beauty salons this also works for boudoir for brand portraiture

Hotels, resorts, event venues, that's probably mostly events, corporate events, wedding photographers, and some you might be able to do some family stuff there. But personal trainers, gym owners, coaches, these are ideal for boudoir, brand portraits, headshot photographers. There's pet groomers, trainers, qualified breeders, vets, ideal for puppy, animal, family photographers who are animal friendly.

midwives, OBGYNs, if you have a newborn brand, a maternity brand. So you can see where we're going with this. There are people to create great collaborative relationships with regardless of what niche you might be in. Okay, so the next step to this is once we've identified the right partner, step two is to reach out with value and ideas.

right so I'm gonna give you examples of each of this and and I'll kind of give you more like we talked about the post collab shoot but we'll get into that so reach out with value and ideas meaning like every time you communicate with them there should be value and solutions that you're basically offering to them and we're gonna go over like three common scenarios

So after a shoot, we want to reach out with features, to provide them with imagery, we want to tell them about what we created and give them images to use, right? And we're going to go over the emails that I've given you for each of these. With a collaborative shoot, we would reach out, not to say, hey, would you like to do a test shoot?

But we reach out with the actual idea. Hey, I noticed that you are running a, that you're a pet veterinarian, okay? What if we did a test shoot featuring these animals and we created these types of images to put on the walls of your office? You reach out with an idea, not with a question.

Anybody's got questions. Hey, do you think you want to do a shoot with some dogs? Anybody can do that. But offering a solution, something that's mutually beneficial, that's of value, right? Or you can even, when you get comfortable with this, you can even reach out with business support. This is one of my favorite things to do because I'm comfortable in business, right? So you can reach out with ideas that can actually help support their business.

And what we're doing is we're banking on the law of reciprocity, right? The law of reciprocity is a social law which has been deemed more than just a theory. This is a law because whenever you do something for somebody, as long as they're not sociopathic, whenever you do something for a normal human being, they generally want to return that thing in kind.

kind, right? You give them something for free, they want to, you give them some sort of, not like something for free, but you give them value, right? It doesn't matter what kind of value, but you give them value, they want to support you. So this is kind of what we're banking on with all of these. Okay, so what we're going to do is, let me briefly just show you two.

If you ever have a question on this, go back to your brand strategist, okay? Go back to your brand strategist, and it's so effective just to simply ask. Okay, so, based on what you know about my brand, tell me who might be good.

good vendors, partners in my area that I could reach out to for a collaborative shoot, okay? Remember, because it sometimes forgets, I'm a Paris-based elopement photographer.

So this is one of my favorite ways to get ideas for this and I'll also use Google and just search but you can get plenty of ideas if you're like yeah okay this is a great list pie but who specifically in my area do I look for this is fantastic look florists are central to storytelling okay here's a few flory flory say matter

You can even give it more examples, say like, you know, my following is between this and this, so please look for people that aren't, you know, super, you know, established or whatnot. But look at how many examples it gives me of potential collaborative partners. Okay? And then you can simply do a dive into this. You can start doing some Google searches for each of these. See what...

but other stuff pops up in that same space, okay? So what I want you to do is I would like you to pause here, maybe start thinking of some people that you'd like to collaborate with. And again, if we go back to the brand strategist for just a moment, okay? I've given you the email templates. These are...

it's just an idea. I want to give you all ideas and you can take these and run with them however you like. Please don't use the exact words. Please make it yours. These are just examples and we're going to go through each one of these, okay? But what I'd love for you to do is kind of identify maybe who would be some good collaborative people that I could

could potentially work with. And I believe we did that back in, I think it was under step one, or maybe step two. We were talking about some of the potential vendors that you could potentially work with. Okay, maybe it was under environment. Oh, that's probably where it was, let's see.

Yeah, positive collaborative venues. So it was in step one. Okay, I'm not crazy. I'm not a crazy person. So back in step one, we had some ideas here. If you haven't figured that out yet, this is where I'd like you to pause and maybe put some ideas down for who might be good collaborative partners in your space. If you're not ready for this yet, that's okay too. But you don't need to send anything.

out yet. What I'd like you to do is complete this module before you send stuff out and then come back to the guide to kind of reference it. Okay, let's go ahead and jump now to the next lesson. Let's dive into a low-hanging fruit and the post-collaborative checklist, meaning I'm going to give you kind of like an obvious, you know, this is a

a great opportunity for a collaborative effort. And I also wanna give you the checklist for what to do after any type of collaborative shoot, okay? Or at least what I would recommend doing. So the low-hanging fruit here, again, strategies that are easy to implement, they have significant impact on your business and your revenue. The low-hanging fruit in this place is basically.

organic collaborations, meaning these are natural on-the-job moments where more than one person is involved toward this common goal of creating these images. Now you might think that, obviously this happens in the wedding space just constantly, right? A bride and a groom, they hire you and you come and you work, you're naturally going to be working with other vendors. Now what's funny...

about this is is how often like do we work with an efficient a florist a planner we don't even learn their freaking names let alone tag them in the images the reels and the things that we create i i don't want to ask you to raise your hand to this but i will say this i am

I'm guilty myself. There are so many times that I've gone on the shoots and I haven't even learned the people's names. I don't use this as an opportunity and that's exactly what it is. It's a natural, organic, collaborative opportunity where all you have to do is get their social media information, get their emails, say hello, build a little relationship with them, say, hey, after this I'm gonna send you.

the images so you can use these and immediately you're gonna get work from the job that you're already doing right so these organic collaborations that are just happening as your like natural job we often overlook them and so that's the low-hanging fruit that I want to point out and you might be thinking well like pie that's easy to identify in the wedding

space but you know I'm a pet photographer. Yeah but it happens in your space too right. As a pet photographer you know maybe you are a pet photographer who uses costumes like to create like fine art stuff. Who makes the costumes right? Maybe you're a pet photographer and you love a particular groomer and you recommend them. Okay like if there's

Plenty of these natural collaborations that can happen in your space, regardless of what space you're in. If you're doing newborns, what are they getting the babies dressed in? Reach out to these people that are creating the clothing. Reach out to the people that are, might be doing the hair, the makeup. All of these are natural, organic opportunities for collaborations that we wanna take advantage of.

of okay. It is so easy and this blows my mind why photographers don't do this like literally all the time but it blows my mind how easy it is to credit and support everybody involved in creating your imagery and yet how many photographers don't do this. It's such an issue that when

and I'm shooting with other people, I constantly hear about it from other vendors. Pi, we love working with you because you're the only one that provides images. Pi, oh my gosh, the fact that your team, like anytime I need images, I call your team and they provide it. Like, and I go, do other people not do this? And I ask this question over and over.

and over and every single one of them like no or like they want me to pay for the images how insane is it let me let me just present to you an idea because maybe in your head you're thinking like well well pi i took the images for this they're my images um i deserve to be paid for those images right number one the client hopefully already paid you

Number two, if you're working in these collaborative environments, these people contributed to the quality of your photograph, meaning your photograph wouldn't be what it is if it wasn't for the work that they did, right? In any of these instances, how are we going to charge those people? We're going to freely use their work to promote ourselves and yet we're going to

to charge them if they would like to use photos of their own work? Like this needs to be, in my opinion, okay, and this is a strong opinion, but in my opinion, this needs to be a collaborative effort. If they are putting work into helping you create a better product, then they should get the right to use the images as well for.

themselves, period. This is a crazy one where I'm like, if you can simply accept this idea, like if you're like Pi, I get it, this already makes sense to me, you don't need to be the dead horse on this one, I got it. What I'm telling you right now is this is a way to stand out from 80% of other photographers already, because they're not dead.

doing it. Okay. Now, if the worry of this, but they're going to steal my work, I have so many thoughts on this. I'm only going to share a few of them. First, the idea of it being your work, we've already talked about that. They've contributed to it too, right? So they're, it's not just your work, it's other people's work and it's a team effort. Next, steal what?

Most of us aren't even creating images that are of the caliber that would be stolen for anything on top of that We now have AI that can generate any sort of commercial image commercial need that they want So who's gonna come and steal your photograph? Plus if someone does use one of your images without giving proper credit who gives a shit if it's Microsoft Yeah, throw a lawsuit at them

Okay, that does happen from time to time a photographer gets lucky a big company uses their their work, and they get sued for it but by and large Nobody gives a shit about these photographs that we're taking like like other than the people taking them other than us Other than the people in the photographs that's meaningful for them what we do is meaningful on that basis

But outside of it, we worry about this so much and we hamstring our ability to create these relationships and we hamstring our ability to market ourselves because we're so worried about this idea of them stealing our work. If they apply filters to it, who cares? If it bugs you that much, you can say, hey, don't worry about it. You know, you don't need to tag me on every post.

Like, I've actually said that once to somebody where, like, they just kept modifying everything so it looked atrocious. Then they'd tag me on every post. I was like, hey, you know what, these, like, I totally, you can modify them however you like. This doesn't quite fit my brand, though, so feel free to just post these. You don't have to tag me. Don't create issues where there are none. And don't lose out on this opportunity.

because of this stubborn notion of like, you know, I'm gonna lose out on something. The only thing you're losing out on is more business. Okay. The exception to this is I've heard of some venues, this is particularly an issue in the wedding space, I've heard of some venues now requiring photographers to sign away rights before the shoot even happens. Like,

they actually will send a contract and we haven't had this happen to us yet. But if they send you a contract that's like, we need you to sign away rights to these images so that we can use them for whatever, you give them like the finger and just like, I mean, don't give them the finger. Just don't respond to that, okay? Don't respond to that. Let the.

Clients know and say that you don't sign away images, rights to anybody, these are the client's images, these are your images, and don't buy into that kind of garbage. That's stupid bullying tactics that they're doing to try to do that kind of stuff. Don't play into that, okay? So that's my exception here. If it's a large hotel, large venue, large corporation.

don't sign away rights. Again, we allow anybody to use our images with credit. And we say this specifically in the email. You know, here's how to credit us. We allow anybody to use the images with credit. If they say, well, we can't tag you, we can't do this, we can't, we wanna use this for print, then they pay for it, okay?

If it's a small, by the way, if it's a small business and they don't tag, we don't go after them. We just let it be. It's all good. Okay, so after every collaborative shoot, I've given you a little checklist. These are the things that I naturally do after each collab. So, yeah, this means a test shoot collaborative.

This means a style shoot collaboration. This means a speculative shoot collaboration. Anytime you're working with other vendors, that's what I'm dubbing a collaboration, right? Write a blog entry, give them credit at the bottom with a link to their website at the bottom. Collaborate on social medias on Instagram, post if they have direct involvement.

I usually choose the collaborate option on Instagram. It'll allow them to actually publish the reel or the post as well on their side. So that's great. Collaborate with people that have direct involvement. If they don't have direct involvement, but they, let's say that you used an outfit. No, I mean, even if you used an outfit, I would collaborate. But if they don't have direct involvement, like let's say that they're the DJ and this.

This is just a photograph of the couple outside, right? I'd still tag them. Why not? Like give them credit for being the DJ and do that. I also email them after the fact to notify them, hey, we just did a blog entry for you. We just did this. We also included an SEO link for your website. You know, hopefully,

Hopefully this brings some traffic to you. Let them know, because a gift without being told a gift is not a gift. Nobody knows. They don't know how to be appreciative because we didn't tell them, right? Then provide the imagery for them to use in that same email. So I've given you an example of what that email might look like in your email templates. So you reach out to them, you say,

Let's see here. Oh, I think it's post-shoot. So where's the post-shoot? After the shoot, okay. So it says, wonderful being able to work with you. As a token of our appreciation, we'd like to share the images. We prepared a blog entry. At the bottom, we also find a link of credits where we mention you, link to every vendor. Please double check your info, make sure all the links are correct. Again, this is to get them to actually look at it so they're like, oh.

That was really nice of you. So click here to view that. Please feel free to use images. We just kindly ask you to please tag our studio name when using on social media. If you'd like to use the image on a website, I've also included the HTML attribution link below for your convenience. And I just include that in case they don't know how to, you know, set up a link or whatever. Okay. If you don't want to include like how to set up a, like a lot of people

We'll just use a visual editor, so that's not even needed. But you can mention that, you can take out the HTML piece, modify however you see fit. But notice that we tell them. Part of the relationship building side is that you let them know what we've just done for them so that they have an opportunity to say thank you and to know who you are and to remember.

your name because you did something that nobody else done. Nobody else done. We're gonna take it. We're gonna roll with that. Alright, that's it my friend, my friends. Let's go on. Okay, so what is a test shoot? Well, a test shoot are basically low pressure shoots.

that are perfect when you need to develop a portfolio or a skill set around like a new area of your business. So let's say that you are not yet experienced in the wedding photography space, like you don't have a portfolio yet, then you do a test shoot. You look for, you know, couples who are engaged and you take them out and do engagement shoots.

For example, that shoot that we did with the 12, right? Where we reached out, I'm new in the fitness space, and so that would be kind of like a test shoot, except it goes a little bit deeper, okay? Because that had expectations. So test shoots, low pressure shoots, right? Styled shoots, they're like test shoots.

with expectations then you have we can kind of take this further and you have spec shoots okay and we're going to talk about all these concepts right here so if we looked at that 12 shoot it really wasn't a test shoot because there was a substantial amount of expectations there was kind of like ongoing partnership there was

styling and everything that went into it, plus there was kind of a speculative nature of it. So it was kind of all these things combined. I would classify as more like a spec shoot slash partnership. But a test shoot is one that has no expectation. Now these are perfect for if we wanna refine an existing skill, maybe develop new skills, if we need to show our work within our existing network so we need.

more images to kind of like showcase, or if we need to create imagery or content for social media portfolio. All of these are great reasons to do a test shoot where basically there is no kind of expectation. Now, the spec shoot is basically the test shoot with practical applications. So like, it's kind of, you know,

There's not someone paying for it, but there is people that we can potentially reach out to afterwards and say, would you by chance be interested in this? Now, I'm not saying that you guys should do speculative shoots. I think it depends on which genre that you're in. It depends on how much time you have. It depends on a lot of different factors.

What I do want to do you do is give you one of the best case studies for speculative shoots that I've ever seen and it came from my friend Mike Kelly. So Mike Kelly around 10 years ago a little more now he did a test shoot to create this photograph okay and he created this image like he loves airplanes so Mike would would

just loves airplanes he's like I want to go and photograph all the the airplanes that are taking off in a day so he did that and he combined them into one image just composited them like photoshop them all into one image and then he posted it the image went viral and it led to a career in aviation photography where now he's actually being brought out to airports he's being hired

by American, by Dubai, by all these different airlines to go out and create images for them. So it's led to this career where now he goes around like he does architectural work, but half the time he's going around and actually photographing airplanes at airports. This is a beautiful example of this and it's generated a substantial.

and you're talking about big money. If these companies license images like these.

We're talking about five, $10,000 per image. And depending on the usage case, he could be getting paid like annually with residuals, right? So this is a beautiful example of this. And we can look in our space and see like, is this, is it appropriate for me? So look, what I would say.

is when it comes to collaborators. Like, should I invite collaborators into my projects, right? Because we're really, we're talking about the idea of test shoots. Remember, test shoots are low pressure. They're perfect when you need to develop a portfolio or a skillset. We want low pressure, we want no expectations, because if we don't know if we can deliver, we don't want, we're gonna ruin a relationship.

If we go and bring people in to collaborate on a shoot and we're not good enough yet, you're literally gonna destroy any opportunity to work with those people again. So differentiate these. Test shoot is for when I do not want expectations, I need to play, I need to develop a skillset.

that we can still make a test shoot speculative in nature by having a practical application. If the images turn out great, awesome, I'm gonna reach out to people after the fact. If it doesn't turn out great, no harm, no foul. But if Mike had gone and actually marketed it to them and then failed to deliver, that would be kind of a nightmare.

The idea of, well, should I invite collaborators into my test shoot? It's very simple. If you're new to the space, do it after the fact. Make it a speculative shoot. That's my general recommendation, right? That's what makes a test shoot versus a speculative shoot. But in general, if you are confident, like if you're experienced in your skillset, remember when I did this,

did that shoot with the 12, I'd been teaching lighting and doing all this stuff for years. I focused primarily on weddings, but I knew, hey, put me in a fitness scenario. I'm gonna create really good images because I know, I understand the principles of this. I know how to go about this. If you're experienced in your skillset, if you're confident that you can deliver, if you're ready to market a network.

you could skip this test shoot and go straight to basically a styled or giveaway shoot which is what we're talking about where you bring vendors in you collaborate with the shoot in advance right if you're not this then i'd recommend sticking with the test shoot perhaps making it a speculative test shoot if it applies in your genre

Let's go on and we're going to talk about this next idea of a styled shoot, a collaborative shoot, what that is and how to work it. Leveling up into styled shoots, we can call this whatever we want, styled shoots, we can call it a collaborative shoot, we can call it any of those things, but this is the scenario where we have multiple vendors.

or multiple partners that are coming in to collaborate together in creating something that everybody can use, okay? So styled shoots are test shoots that come with expectations. But they also offer now this excuse to kind of connect. It's an excuse to reach out to somebody, right? Hey, I'm planning the styled shoot. I think you'd be a perfect fit.

an excuse to actually go in and like create the relationship while adding value to them. It's also an opportunity to serve these other partners. Okay I should probably just put partners here since this applies to venues, vendors, partners, all of that. It also elevates the imagery so if we bring on partners, venues, vendors, anybody that can collaborate

we generally are going to elevate the imagery so long as we bring in quality partners and not not ones that lower the level of our work and we get the opportunity to basically cross promote across social media as well as across emails you get the opportunity to expand and strengthen your network so that's what a styled shoot is we can call them collaborative shoots we can call them styled shoots but this is what it is so if you're

or look at the 12, really this falls more into this bucket. It was a collaborative styled shoot that also we try to make speculative in kind of nature, right, because obviously there were a lot of expectations here. But we're good, because like, let's just go and let's deliver on them, let's create the images that they wanted to have, right.

What we got from that, we already went over that example. This is another example of like the style shoot, which we ran as basically like a giveaway, okay? There's different formats for these. We'll chat about those. And again, we reviewed like the benefits of this. Anytime we have multiple collaborators, we get the benefits of that additional reach. So what I've done is made you a little style shoot planner. It's pretty simple.

Well, you're gonna choose your concept. So select a concept that's gonna engage your target audience by making sure, one, it fits your photographic niche, it's something your ideal clients wanna show, it's something that you'd be proud to show, it belongs in your portfolio, and it won't break the bank, okay? We don't wanna choose things that you gotta invest a thousand bucks into. Like, no, that's not necessary. I mean, if you want to, like.

if you have the money for it, by all means, but we don't need to spend a lot of money to make these shoots effective, okay? Especially when we have the right partners and everybody's kind of like, instead of renting space at a studio, reach out to, you know, you could reach out to the studio in advance and you could say, maybe you find it on Peerspace, you say, hey, I want to do.

do this type of a shoot, and if you'll allow me to use your space, I'll give you rights to use the images after the fact, right, so you can, I was noticing, like, on your peer space listing, you didn't have a ton of images that are in this genre, I'd love to get you images like that. Deal, like, let's do it. You can do the same thing with Airbnb people, you can do the same thing with venues, you can do the same thing with,

and with everybody, right? So we don't need to spend a ton of money. We need to create relationships around this. Again, if you need ideas, this is where your brand strategist is gonna be your best friend. This is why we've spent so much time developing that skill, okay? So you can literally go to the brand strategist and you can say, hey.

okay so now based on my what do you know about my business give me ideas for amazing collaborative styled shoots that I can bring some of these partners into okay if you're ever short

on ideas ideate here you know there's there's plenty of different spaces uh there's there's plenty of different ideas you can kind of come up with and then spin them to make them yours right a morning in mont i should have picked a location where their words were things i could pronounce but you know i instead i went with french a picnic by the cn

and sane. A rooftop Paris, okay. The artist studio, all right, I love all of it. I love all of it, it's perfect, it's beautiful. Okay. Great. Step two. Then we identify the right partners, okay. So collaborative networking only works when we select the right partners. So this is the same checklist from the previous.

via sheet that you're gonna go through, right? Make sure we have the right partners, the right people, models who look like potential clients, all of that. Step three, when you're ready to reach out, I've given you some, a template, just an idea of how to do this. So this is connection and collaboration, right? Collaborative shoots. Hey, I'm working on putting together a style shoot.

If this sounds interesting, I'd love to collaborate, have your team, here's what I'm going for. I want to create a set of images that will, and then you speak to their audience. My concept is, describe. For my part, I'll be providing this. I'd love to have you on board. I think it'd be beneficial for you. Write in the benefits that you're gonna provide to them so you give them the full solution in this process, okay? You can always have Chachabit.

review the email, you can always have Chattopadhyay write the email to start with and then put in your own words, that works too. My goal throughout this entire program, if you all haven't noticed by now, I think it's probably been ingrained, is that I want to teach you to fish. In every instance, I want to teach you to fish. I don't want to just hand you the fish.

Okay, because I want you to be able to rely on yourself, to be able to find the answers whenever you need to. Although, I'm also teaching you to kind of rely on like AI, so it's not fully relying on yourself, but let's be honest where it's better than going and having to ask friends and stuff. Okay. During the shoot, this is your check-in.

Meaning I want you to walk away from the shoot having created at least 10 plus portfolio images notice that I'm not putting a hundred there Because so often we go on to these shoots and we are like, oh my god I got to get 200 images out of this. No, I Want you to slow down. I want you to create 10 great portfolio images

That's already a high number if you think about it, like 10 portfolio-worthy images. That's what I want. 25 images, that would be good enough to go on to social media. But I need you to slow down to raise the level of work that you're creating. Like be intentional with each shot that you're taking. And if you ever wanna practice this in your.

free time, you can do this very simply. You can do it in a number of ways. Some people would say, like, go grab a film camera. I think that's a little bit, like, not so practical. But if you like film, by all means. But my favorite way of doing this is going out and either limiting yourself by grabbing, like, go and find, like, a 32-megapixel.

or even like, you know, a 256 megabyte SD card, pop it in your digital camera and shoot full raw. You'll get 15 exposures out of it. So when you're going out for fun, for vacation, for whatever it is, I want you to practice that. And if you don't have a.

a memory card that small, then think of the number in your head. I'm only allowing myself 24 exposures. And when you get to 24, you gotta stop. You will become so deliberate about the shots that you take that every shot gets elevated because every shot now matters. So, I want you to.

that bring that philosophy into your shoots where you slow yourself down, but it's something that you need to practice kind of like on your own. Next, I need you to make sure every time you're out filming, if I haven't like beaten this dead horse, every time you're out filming, you're getting behind the scenes. Again, my preference is iPhone. I don't care what you use. All I care is that you are shooting behind the scenes. If you have questions.

on what to use, go back to step 10. We gave you a full set of rundowns on that. While you're shooting, post some behind the scenes to the stories. Like, stories is great for this, right? While you're out and about, even when you go like, hey, it's a work day at the coffee shop. Like, stories are there for you to kind of journal. This isn't something I want to live permanently.

my feed, but this is something that I'm doing right now. And to stay top of mind with people. To build connections. Oh, you go to that coffee shop too? How is it? Okay? Post the stories. There's no reason to not be. And while you're doing, you tag everybody involved in those stories, and you get instant, like, partnership kind of juice, okay? Let's call it partnership juice.

That sounds super disgusting, but we're still going to roll with that word and combination. In the process, I want you to make sure that you solidify your vendor and venue relationship. So anybody that's a partner with you, I don't want you to get so lost in the shoot that you're not building.

a meaningful relationship with them. I want you to use that time to get to know them. Do they have kids? What do they enjoy doing? What are their hobbies? Get to know them. Be a human being during these shoots. Don't just be a technical person that's like, okay, what's next with this? Okay, let me do this. Get out of your own head and focus on the relationship building. It's too good of an opportunity.

to not. Make sure that you've met your vendor and venue images need so anybody that's a collaborative partner you should know what they're looking for make sure that you've also created the images that they're gonna need for themselves right usually these overlap but sometimes they have specifics hey can you specifically get me a close-up shot of the bouquet oh yeah you know I already have that on my

my list but I'll make sure we get that. Or hey, while you're in this room, can you do just a shot of the room while it's empty? Just so I can show people what the room looks like. That's a common request that we get from venues. Hey, before you guys set up, do you mind just taking a shot here? Because I want to show what it looks like before and what it looks like after. Absolutely. Then, social media tags.

to credit everybody involved. So anything you publish, you're tagging, and of course, of course, of course, you've got your signed model release. I can't tell you how often we've forgotten this, and it's really annoying to have to try and track them down after the fact and get the sign. Just get your model release signed right there. Okay. Post shoot, we have the same post shoot collaborative.

checklist that we covered earlier, okay? Nothing crazy about this. Yes, it's the same little five-step process. All right, this is your style sheet planner. What I would say is like anytime you're planning a shoot, this is helpful to print off and just to make sure, or if you wanna just keep it, you know, side-by-side on your computer, that's fine. But work through this list to make sure.

make sure that we've planned something that is gonna be effective. And guess what? Planning out an effective styled shoot, when you do this, it takes a little bit of time, okay? It's gonna take you, I would say on average, to effectively plan a styled shoot, especially when there's partners, it's probably four to eight hours of planning.

okay expect that but the return for that four to eight hours of planning is absolutely insane because going into a style shoot without a plan number one you're going to shoot more images than you need and you're going to create more work for yourself in the editing and the post-production process number two you're probably not going to get everything that you actually want you're not

to satisfy the relationships you might not even be able to bring the right collaborators on board and so what we get is like yeah maybe you saved a couple hours in the long run but the effectiveness of this entire project is now diminished by like 90% so I'd rather you spend a few extra hours in the planning process and you're gonna 10x your

result than going in and just half-assing it and getting 1,000 views instead of what could have been 100,000 views. That's the difference that we're talking about. So spend the time necessary to kind of plan them out effectively so that you're not wasting your time. All right.

the next lesson.

or the collaborative shoot concept, and you basically add a giveaway to it. Meaning, you make it an opportunity for someone to win the position of being the model. Or if it's like, say, pet photography, they win the position of having their dog photographed. So it's a giveaway to win the actual position of the models themselves. Now again, it's a great way to grow the brand.

and the image to increase social presence, to gain new email subscribers, find potential clients, all of that. And really what we're doing is, all we're doing is creating a styled shoot and we're adding the giveaway to it. So we run a contest on social media for real people, for couples, for pets, for whoever to be the models, right? The trick in this is that.

We need some way to promote the giveaway, okay? If you don't yet have a following, you kind of have to promote this with paid ads. Like, there's no other way. If you don't yet have an email list, if you don't yet have a couple thousand people following your brand and a couple thousand views on your content, then you're gonna struggle with these because there's no way to get the word out unless you're-

you're paying to get the word out. So that's the thing that I want you to kind of understand. Once you get consistently a few thousand views on your videos, on your reels, once you've got a couple hundred people on your email list or more, that's a good time to start running giveaways, adding a giveaway component to your styled shoots.

For that, you could still do it, but now we have to add the idea of like, okay, I gotta run a paid ad to this, and now we're getting into deep waters where, well, if you spend 500 bucks on paid ads, they're for a giveaway, then you're basically paying money to do a giveaway, right? And you're adding a lot of cost to the shoot. Okay. So.

I would suggest avoiding that and just running giveaways once the brand is a little bit larger. So how do we do this? Well, you're gonna use the exact same styled shoot planner. This time it's just when you promote the shoot itself, you're asking your audience to kind of like be involved. So it's a chance to win that model position, right? So we generally want them to do one call to action.

I would really suggest not convoluting your giveaways with tons of calls to action, but I would say pick one. Now, two common ideas is like you can have them comment on a post, and you can send them a direct message via ManyChat. So what you can say is like, hey, if you're interested, comment giveaway, and I'll shoot you a DM.

DM, right? You've probably seen those on social media and what people are using is they're using ManyChat to set up an automation where anytime someone comments a particular word on your post, it sends them a direct message. And I can actually briefly show you my ManyChat dashboard. So ManyChat is a pretty simple app.

Oh goodness, I forgot which one of my accounts is actually linked up. I'm going to guess this account. Oh good, okay. Okay, so the Facebook mastermind invite, right? So this is one where they say user comments on your post are real. And I don't want this to be an in-depth tutorial on this. I want to show you briefly how.

works because they have plenty of tutorials on how to use this but the user comments on your post are real and so you set what the specific words are so the comment is mastermind and then if they comment mastermind then it's going to send them a message and then you simply write in your message now this is the cool part about this right look at look at the the amount of delivered and the amount of

clicked. So I basically say like, Hey, if you're interested in joining the best mastermind, you know, comment mastermind and we'll send you the link, right? 99.9% of these are delivered and it has a 73% click rate. That is insane. So what you're doing is you're really leveraging your audience and to give you a,

a rough idea, a good click-through rate in a very engaged email list is around three to 5%. So this has roughly 15 times the amount of engagement and click-throughs than simply sending out an email with like a call to action, right?

This is the way I would run it is comment on a post to enter the giveaway And you would you would simply respond to them with DM and then pull them into the process your DM might might include like okay You can sign up for it here I would collect their email collect their phone number or you can also just give them Like like you can also just direct them somewhere. Hey, click the link in my bio

it takes them to a sign up page where you collect their email and their phone number. Now most any platform that you're using for your website, whether it's WordPress, whether it's a good template package for WordPress includes what's called a landing page. And if you're using Showit or if you're using any of these other platforms that are kind of all

all in one, they have what's called a landing page. A landing page is a very simple page where you just capture a bit of information, right? So let me see if I can give you an example just to, I don't want to go too deep into this, which is why I didn't kind of like build it in the slides, but I do feel like it's relevant just to.

to throw here. A landing page is a very simple page that basically just gets a little bit of information. Let me see if I can do three day.

Let's see, actually I can go and I think I know an easy way to get there. Let's go to Instagram. I think I still have it actually in my bio. So when you go to my bio, the free day, I got to update this because that's not available right now. But when you click this, it takes you to a landing page and it's it's very simple. A landing page can include a video, but it's.

basically like one title, you know, enter using the form below. Here's how to enter my giveaway with the form below. And then you just say, give them a couple options and then the call to action is just enter, enter the giveaway, okay? So it's very simple. If I click here, reserve, it'll say like, okay, this is all I need, full name, email.

I'll reserve my seat. That's a landing page. We generally do this because, why do we not send them to our homepage of our website? Whenever we're running, it doesn't matter whether it's an ad, it doesn't matter whether we're running a giveaway, we never send them to the homepage of the website because it's difficult to find where you need to go from there. What we do is we send them to our website.

send them to landing pages. And the beautiful thing about a landing page is that it doesn't have to be perfect, it doesn't have to be anything, it's a very simple page, it's easy to design, nobody else is gonna see it, it's only people that come from the link. So it's very easy to kind of throw this together. So that's my favorite way.

of doing this is comment on a post, the direct message would basically just send them, so if we go back to that many chat, the direct message is just gonna send them the link, sign up for the giveaway here, the link then goes to your landing page. If you want to create a video, cool, like if you're gonna explain like this elaborate style shoot, maybe you make a video.

on your phone and it's like, hey, we're looking for the perfect couple for this. Here's what we have in mind. Here's some of our images that we've created. You can click the link down to to enroll below. Right. And that's the way you'd run the giveaway. But it could just be a very simple form that says enter the giveaway. You have their name, their phone number and their email, and you're good to go and they can.

enter, okay? Run it very simple. I would recommend kind of doing it that way. There's no need to go and do anything crazy. There are plenty of giveaway softwares out there. I just, I don't see the purpose of like, unless you're gonna do this on a constant basis, it's not really necessary, okay? This.

This was actually run as a giveaway. We call it the Dream Engagement Shoot with Pi. This was worth $3,000 at the time. That's what we priced it at or valued it at basically. It was for engaged couples only. So again, our models fit the demographic. We want engaged couples only because hey, maybe we can even get them to book us for their wedding. If we get someone good,

that's in the demographic. So don't look for, if you're a wedding photographer, don't look for already married couples because there's no chance that they're gonna hire you for anything else. You want engaged couples, okay? Next, the contest was a random winner. With a giveaway, we selected, oh, this is a term thing. So with a contest, you have to do a random winner. With a giveaway, we do a random winner.

a selected winner. So that's why we always run these as giveaways. Okay, run them as giveaways so you can select the people that you think might be ideal for it versus just choosing a random winner. This is just a legal ease and it probably doesn't apply to like I don't know if it applies to other countries or whatnot but here in the states generally we have to comply like a contest has to be a random winner. A giveaway can be a selected person.

And then we had the planner do the style shoot. So the result was these images that we created. We created a lot of fun images for social media. We got lots of great behind the scenes, all of it. This was the impact that it had. We had hundreds of emails and followers. I mentioned already the portfolio images, the behind the scenes, everything. And how do we promote it? Well, we just put it on our own social media.

We have also our own email list of 1,000 plus people. Now the beautiful thing is if you bring collaborative partners into this, so now we're combining ideas. We're doing a collaborative shoot that's also a giveaway. Then you can also get the partners to actually promote the giveaway as well. So that's what we did. So we had over 25,000 combined people that were exposed to this.

Our partner emails had over 3,000 combined between each person that we added on there. So we just promoted this organically and we had, I think, probably 100 or 150 people sign up for this. Okay. Now, if we wanted to, we could have called each one of those to get more business, but we didn't bother with it. We had enough business. We just wanted to do the shoot itself and kind of run the giveaway.

We ended up booking them on their wedding too. So the beautiful thing is we select them for this engagement shoot. They had such a great experience. They loved the images. They turned around, they booked me to actually photograph their wedding. And they paid full price for me to go and photograph their wedding. So that's the benefit of this. When it's well planned, well executed, you're hitting every single one of these.

these things all at the same time and giving yourself the opportunity to book more clients. Especially if we've got their emails, we can now reach out to those individuals that didn't win. And we can say, look, I know you didn't win, but what I am doing is offering an engagement shoot for those that didn't win. Normally, this would be $1,000, but for those that didn't win,

that entered this, and because of your interest, I'm offering it for half price, so it's 50%, or $500. I'd love to take you guys out for an engagement shoot and work with you both. And now you have all these other leads of people that you can potentially reach out to, not only sell them on an engagement shoot, but then give them a great experience in that process, and then turn around and book them for, say, a wedding.

So giveaways are awesome, but again, the idea here is that we need some way to promote, okay? We can promote if we have a large enough audience ourselves, we can promote ourselves, right? Or we can bring collaborators into the style shoot so that we have a larger group of people that can help.

to promote this across different brands. But I would still say it's difficult to find collaborators if we don't have at least a few thousand followers, if we're not getting at least a couple thousand views on our videos regularly. Like if we don't have a social media presence, finding those collaborators can be tricky as well. So that's the piece to kind of remember in this process. But getting to this place is a view.

because you can really make these shoots work on a number of different levels. All right. One thing that I wanted to hit on was this idea of cold, collaborative outreach, okay? I'm not saying that all the marketing stuff that I'm giving you throughout this,

step six through 11, I know it's a lot. And that's why I reiterated a number of times that I don't expect you to do all of this. What I expect, there are a couple things that like, I hope each and every one of you, you capitalize on SEO because it has so much benefit in terms of search engine, long-term benefits, as well as AI search, right?

I hope you capitalize on that. I hope you capitalize also on social media. These are things that if I were running a business, these are Must-have components of my marketing effort, right? There's too much value there to not be involved in those two things Beyond that though I'm kind of like, you know I want to give you this buffet of options when it comes to marketing and I want you to pick and

and choose the things that are meaningful to you, the ones that really kind of you can connect with on a personal level, right? The ones that are sustainable. One of those things for me is actually this idea of cold collaborative outreach. And so if you're wondering the question, like, and this is narcissistic of me to write this slide, what?

would Pi do? But if you've ever wondered what would I do if starting a new business, I would hit my SEO, I would hit my social media, and then I would look to create relationships with potential partners. It could be a venue, it could be a vendor, it could be a planner, it could be just a partner business. I would look for these collaborative relationships, right?

And I would look for them and reach out from scratch. So what would I do if starting from that place, and I don't know why this is written third person, I would reach out to them, not Pi, let's not be the sociopathic people that talk about themselves in third person. Look, I would reach out with value. I would start with what we talked about here, identify the right partners first, right?

Then I'd review their websites and then I would kind of after seeing their website, their brand, all of it, I'd reach out with potential opportunities. Remember, these aren't weaknesses in their business, they're areas that they could expand on where they can capture more revenue, more views, more marketing efforts, more leads. We don't want to ever say.

like this is what's wrong and this is what I would fix we want to say hey I noticed that there would be a great opportunity this side I'm wondering if you if you've thought about this right so this is exactly what I would do is I would actually identify a bunch of these and I would send them a loom video I'm going to show you what that is so let's go ahead and pull up loom loom is this website right

Here, I've already logged into it, but it's just loom.com. And all you do is it allows you to basically screen share with, so you see the screen and you see like a person talking. I'll bring this up full screen so you guys can see it. Okay. And they see your face, you bring up their.

Website so if I were to you know do this on say the lin and jirsa website first thing I would say is You know guys there's an opportunity here to update this website because it hasn't been done in seven years Long time I would not say that but I would actually pull up the website and then I would go over to

Loom and I would say start recording. So when you go into Loom, the cool thing is that you just need a free account, right? I think it's right here. You just need a free account. You get up to 25 videos and these videos are up to five minutes in length. So you click record a Loom. Okay, let's go back before I actually record something. And I think I have to set permissions to do this and I haven't done that.

one as of late. So let's go back for one second to the slides. So step number one is reviewing their website, their brand. We want to look for an area that we can actually add value to their business right and a few examples of this is like maybe you want to offer them a brand portrait session because you notice they didn't have a lot of portraits of themselves on their website or they

they could use more, maybe in different settings, right? Maybe you wanna go and refresh their team headshot and you say, hey, I noticed you have a full team. I'd love to come in and refresh the team headshots. Maybe you offer an hour or two of content creation for social media. Maybe you offer a collaborative style shoot idea. Maybe it's some SEO guidance. Maybe you offer to kind of like mastermind.

on social media you say hey you know I'm pretty well experienced in the social media side I'd love to mastermind with you maybe give some ideas I think there's there's an opportunity here to get more reach I'd love to share some thoughts with you right and then you go to the loom and you're gonna record this loom okay so I give you the link right here so you're gonna sign up and you're gonna just click the record button

record button. I think mine is like busted at the moment. It doesn't matter because I'm recording anyway so I can't really record a recording but you click record. It gives you a couple options like you like what do you want to use for your camera so you need either a webcam could be built in or you can set up your camera for that and you just need a space that's like find a background that's clean behind you it doesn't look crazy.

You don't want this to be high production value. You want it to be authentic. And remember the enemy of authenticity is production. So that's why videos like this do really well. We don't need to worry too about that five minute length. I believe it'll tell you like, let's see if it shows it here. Yeah, it's not showing.

That's the five minute length. It'll tell you that you have a five minute length. We want the videos to be like a couple minutes, max. So that's it, okay? So again, here's another example. My name is Joe. I am the co-founder and CEO of Loom and I'm really, really happy you're here. I just want to take a minute to explain. So what we want is this nice, natural background. What we want is this.

this authentic view. So don't feel like you are doing something wrong by doing this with your webcam. This is the way that it should be honestly. And then all you do is you show their website. Okay so you're gonna...

to look at their website, you're going to offer some thoughts and feedback. Hey, I noticed this and whatnot. Okay. Now, after filming that, which would take like maybe your first time doing this, it takes you 20, 30 minutes to figure out what you want to say. I can crank out a loom in about 15 minutes from, from ideation, from looking at their website, to the idea, to.

the video, all of it. And then what you're going to do is just shoot them an email. If you're asking like, well, how do I write that email? I've given you an example of this. So in your brand and strategy workbook under the email templates, this is an example. Subject options, hey, here's a quick idea to bring more eyes to your business. Hey, I loved your

I work at this venue, had a thought for you. Hey, a quick collaborative idea for you. And then you're gonna put in some information, watch the video, include a screenshot of the video. Now, why the screenshot is important is because they actually see the screenshot with the video link, right? When they see the screenshot, they see your face in a small little circle and they see their website. And that's when they know that.

Hey, you're actually making something custom for them. This isn't just a generic email. Now I'll tell you this. So why do I prefer this method of cold outreach and relationship building, because I can do this. I can reach out with value with somebody quickly and I can actually speak to them.

In a way that adds value to their lives in a way that they're likely going to view and I'll tell you this for me personally, right? I Ignore if if I get solicitors that call me I ignore them Okay, I don't as soon as I pick up the phone. I know they're gonna sell something I hang up, right? If somebody just shows up to my place of business That's kind of

of rude, like I don't want solicitors, they're going to interrupt me, they want to tell me what they want on my time, and it's not a good time for me, I don't like it. You showing up to a business, you don't know if it's going to be a good time for them. Even if you're bringing by a treat, maybe they're in meetings, maybe they have a rushed day, maybe something's going on in their lives that's not a good time.

On top of that, even if a place like a potential partner, right, even if they're 10 minutes away, 15 minutes away, you having to get dressed, get ready, drive over to them, come back, that's a minimum of an hour commitment. Let's just be real. Even if they're close to you, it's a minimum of an hour commitment. I can send these out.

On repeat, every 20, 30 minutes to a new person without leaving my desk. It is personalized, it adds value. Within a week, I can send out 50 plus looms. If you're wanting to know how do we quickly generate revenue in new spaces, it's this. I reach out to people with ideas, with value.

Bring them onto a call, usually for like a free consult, and then I say, hey, if you'd like to continue with business coaching or consulting or social media marketing or whatever it is that I'm selling, then I say, this is the cost of that. I've already delivered value to them, I've already given them great ideas, I've also established myself as someone that wants to help, and they watch the videos.

They watch, they read the email and they look at them. The click-through rate on these is fantastic because again, they see an image that is personalized. They see a website with your photo and their website right there, and they're like, man, this is actually for me. So where I ignore a phone call, where I don't,

I get annoyed when someone shows up at my door. When I receive looms via email, and I get a lot of these soliciting emails, I watch almost every single one of them because sometimes they have really good ideas in them, and I end up hiring the person, and it's custom catered to me. I can also do it. I can watch the video on my own time. Again, trick to this, keep it short.

Keep it short. Keep it sweet. Keep it directed at how you're going to help them be solution-oriented and don't sleep on this. I'm not saying that you have to do this, but I'm saying that if you want to create relationships, if I were starting my business from scratch, it would be SEO, it'd be social media, and it would be this, cold collaborative outreach.

This is the, the, if I were to only pick three, this is very likely going to be my number three, maybe number four behind like, you know, really well done styled or collaborative shoots. I love those too, because you can get so much organic reach from them and so much social media content. But this is high up on my list of just.

Easy and effective. We should call this another low-hanging fruit another LHF. Okay Awesome. Don't sleep on this concept. If you have any questions, just jump into the group and holler. All right, that's it