to satisfy the relationships you might not even be able to bring the right collaborators on board and so what we get is like yeah maybe you saved a couple hours in the long run but the effectiveness of this entire project is now diminished by like 90% so I'd rather you spend a few extra hours in the planning process and you're gonna 10x your

result than going in and just half-assing it and getting 1,000 views instead of what could have been 100,000 views. That's the difference that we're talking about. So spend the time necessary to kind of plan them out effectively so that you're not wasting your time. All right.

the next lesson.

or the collaborative shoot concept, and you basically add a giveaway to it. Meaning, you make it an opportunity for someone to win the position of being the model. Or if it's like, say, pet photography, they win the position of having their dog photographed. So it's a giveaway to win the actual position of the models themselves. Now again, it's a great way to grow the brand.

and the image to increase social presence, to gain new email subscribers, find potential clients, all of that. And really what we're doing is, all we're doing is creating a styled shoot and we're adding the giveaway to it. So we run a contest on social media for real people, for couples, for pets, for whoever to be the models, right? The trick in this is that.

We need some way to promote the giveaway, okay? If you don't yet have a following, you kind of have to promote this with paid ads. Like, there's no other way. If you don't yet have an email list, if you don't yet have a couple thousand people following your brand and a couple thousand views on your content, then you're gonna struggle with these because there's no way to get the word out unless you're-

you're paying to get the word out. So that's the thing that I want you to kind of understand. Once you get consistently a few thousand views on your videos, on your reels, once you've got a couple hundred people on your email list or more, that's a good time to start running giveaways, adding a giveaway component to your styled shoots.

For that, you could still do it, but now we have to add the idea of like, okay, I gotta run a paid ad to this, and now we're getting into deep waters where, well, if you spend 500 bucks on paid ads, they're for a giveaway, then you're basically paying money to do a giveaway, right? And you're adding a lot of cost to the shoot. Okay. So.

I would suggest avoiding that and just running giveaways once the brand is a little bit larger. So how do we do this? Well, you're gonna use the exact same styled shoot planner. This time it's just when you promote the shoot itself, you're asking your audience to kind of like be involved. So it's a chance to win that model position, right? So we generally want them to do one call to action.

I would really suggest not convoluting your giveaways with tons of calls to action, but I would say pick one. Now, two common ideas is like you can have them comment on a post, and you can send them a direct message via ManyChat. So what you can say is like, hey, if you're interested, comment giveaway, and I'll shoot you a DM.

DM, right? You've probably seen those on social media and what people are using is they're using ManyChat to set up an automation where anytime someone comments a particular word on your post, it sends them a direct message. And I can actually briefly show you my ManyChat dashboard. So ManyChat is a pretty simple app.

Oh goodness, I forgot which one of my accounts is actually linked up. I'm going to guess this account. Oh good, okay. Okay, so the Facebook mastermind invite, right? So this is one where they say user comments on your post are real. And I don't want this to be an in-depth tutorial on this. I want to show you briefly how.

works because they have plenty of tutorials on how to use this but the user comments on your post are real and so you set what the specific words are so the comment is mastermind and then if they comment mastermind then it's going to send them a message and then you simply write in your message now this is the cool part about this right look at look at the the amount of delivered and the amount of

clicked. So I basically say like, Hey, if you're interested in joining the best mastermind, you know, comment mastermind and we'll send you the link, right? 99.9% of these are delivered and it has a 73% click rate. That is insane. So what you're doing is you're really leveraging your audience and to give you a,

a rough idea, a good click-through rate in a very engaged email list is around three to 5%. So this has roughly 15 times the amount of engagement and click-throughs than simply sending out an email with like a call to action, right?

This is the way I would run it is comment on a post to enter the giveaway And you would you would simply respond to them with DM and then pull them into the process your DM might might include like okay You can sign up for it here I would collect their email collect their phone number or you can also just give them Like like you can also just direct them somewhere. Hey, click the link in my bio

it takes them to a sign up page where you collect their email and their phone number. Now most any platform that you're using for your website, whether it's WordPress, whether it's a good template package for WordPress includes what's called a landing page. And if you're using Showit or if you're using any of these other platforms that are kind of all

all in one, they have what's called a landing page. A landing page is a very simple page where you just capture a bit of information, right? So let me see if I can give you an example just to, I don't want to go too deep into this, which is why I didn't kind of like build it in the slides, but I do feel like it's relevant just to.

to throw here. A landing page is a very simple page that basically just gets a little bit of information. Let me see if I can do three day.

Let's see, actually I can go and I think I know an easy way to get there. Let's go to Instagram. I think I still have it actually in my bio. So when you go to my bio, the free day, I got to update this because that's not available right now. But when you click this, it takes you to a landing page and it's it's very simple. A landing page can include a video, but it's.

basically like one title, you know, enter using the form below. Here's how to enter my giveaway with the form below. And then you just say, give them a couple options and then the call to action is just enter, enter the giveaway, okay? So it's very simple. If I click here, reserve, it'll say like, okay, this is all I need, full name, email.

I'll reserve my seat. That's a landing page. We generally do this because, why do we not send them to our homepage of our website? Whenever we're running, it doesn't matter whether it's an ad, it doesn't matter whether we're running a giveaway, we never send them to the homepage of the website because it's difficult to find where you need to go from there. What we do is we send them to our website.

send them to landing pages. And the beautiful thing about a landing page is that it doesn't have to be perfect, it doesn't have to be anything, it's a very simple page, it's easy to design, nobody else is gonna see it, it's only people that come from the link. So it's very easy to kind of throw this together. So that's my favorite way.

of doing this is comment on a post, the direct message would basically just send them, so if we go back to that many chat, the direct message is just gonna send them the link, sign up for the giveaway here, the link then goes to your landing page. If you want to create a video, cool, like if you're gonna explain like this elaborate style shoot, maybe you make a video.

on your phone and it's like, hey, we're looking for the perfect couple for this. Here's what we have in mind. Here's some of our images that we've created. You can click the link down to to enroll below. Right. And that's the way you'd run the giveaway. But it could just be a very simple form that says enter the giveaway. You have their name, their phone number and their email, and you're good to go and they can.

enter, okay? Run it very simple. I would recommend kind of doing it that way. There's no need to go and do anything crazy. There are plenty of giveaway softwares out there. I just, I don't see the purpose of like, unless you're gonna do this on a constant basis, it's not really necessary, okay? This.

This was actually run as a giveaway. We call it the Dream Engagement Shoot with Pi. This was worth $3,000 at the time. That's what we priced it at or valued it at basically. It was for engaged couples only. So again, our models fit the demographic. We want engaged couples only because hey, maybe we can even get them to book us for their wedding. If we get someone good,

that's in the demographic. So don't look for, if you're a wedding photographer, don't look for already married couples because there's no chance that they're gonna hire you for anything else. You want engaged couples, okay? Next, the contest was a random winner. With a giveaway, we selected, oh, this is a term thing. So with a contest, you have to do a random winner. With a giveaway, we do a random winner.

a selected winner. So that's why we always run these as giveaways. Okay, run them as giveaways so you can select the people that you think might be ideal for it versus just choosing a random winner. This is just a legal ease and it probably doesn't apply to like I don't know if it applies to other countries or whatnot but here in the states generally we have to comply like a contest has to be a random winner. A giveaway can be a selected person.

And then we had the planner do the style shoot. So the result was these images that we created. We created a lot of fun images for social media. We got lots of great behind the scenes, all of it. This was the impact that it had. We had hundreds of emails and followers. I mentioned already the portfolio images, the behind the scenes, everything. And how do we promote it? Well, we just put it on our own social media.