Win-win partnerships, so this is kind of the last module inside of the marketing section of the program, which is step 6 through step 11. And what we want to do here is I want to help you to kind of identify how to boost your marketing effort.

through really great collaborations. Basically, these are mutually beneficial collaborations with other vendors, with venues, potential partners across the board. So what we're talking about here is, well, specifically some of the nuts and bolts of it, like how do I tag or collaborate with vendors? Are free shoots worth doing? What are the most effective?

of ways, for example, of say building a portfolio. When should I do free shoots? What are test shoots versus style shoots? We'll talk a bit about spec shoots as well. And we'll talk about this process of like, how do I network and build relationships to do these collaborative shoots, all of it, okay? So these are the questions, the topics that we're addressing. And really when we look at the leverage frame.

work we've already covered all these check marks what we're looking at now is like how can we amplify these efforts with partnerships so this is where we are in terms of focus okay once again we're going to go fast quickly through this just so that it's easy for you guys to complete the modules and actually implement so feel free to pause implement

and repeat, that's the process that I'm kind of expecting. And again, between sessions, if you have any questions at all, just jump right into the mentorship group. That's there for you to ask questions, to share advice, give feedback, and to share your aha moments. Okay, I was gonna say aha wins, but your wins or aha moments. All right, let's go ahead and dive now into the first lesson.

So, what exactly are win-win partnerships? I want to start by defining this because really, in order to create an effective partnership, we have to know exactly who to target, who to go after in terms of creating these relationships to begin with, right? The first point I want to make is nobody likes...

the person that is needy. Whether you're reaching out to a vendor, whether it's a venue, no collaborative partner wants to do work with someone else that's really in a position of just like asking. So what we want to do is we want to actually bring value to the table throughout this process. We want to make sure that it's a good fit for everybody.

so we can work under a mutually beneficial context. Now the beautiful thing is one of the very easy ways to stand out just in these relationship building opportunities is just to simply look to add value to someone else's life or to their business. Specifically in this case we're going to be looking to add value to their businesses right. So

A win-win relationship or partnership is when we can create a relationship under this mutually beneficial context. So it's not, you know, us reaching out like the, if I were to ask a wedding planner, like what is the most frustrating email you get, it would most certainly, at least this would be in the top five, it would be,

be the email of the photographers who are like, hey, I'm new in this area. I just wanted you to know that I'm here. Let me know what it would take to work with you. That is the most obnoxious, annoying email. It is the epitome of like a needy kind of stance in terms of how we're communicating. And you're unlikely to get a response at all. You're just gonna get ghosted, possibly.

even blacklisted for doing things like that. And you might be wondering, well, what about outside of weddings? We're gonna talk about that. There are plenty of collaborative opportunities outside of this, but that's just a very common example I think all of us can relate to or at least understand. And so we wanna avoid that. We want this mutually beneficial context.

And the idea here that I want to kind of go against is this idea that you should never do free shoots. You see this kind of all the time thrown up online. It's this simple kind of one way street statement. And I would say, well, not really. Okay. I do agree this to an

extent like I don't want you to do free work when it's not under a mutually beneficial context so for example someone reaches out to you and they say hey would you be willing to do this I'll tag you and I'll promote you you'll get good exposure I don't want you to do a free shoot in that case unless you find

in that, okay, we're going to build in that exposure into the contract. We're going to put an actual dollar value into what you're committing to. And you know that the audiences are in alignment, right? Without that mutually beneficial context, I most certainly just don't want you to like work for free. At the same time though, I have to tell you that we have built our portfolio.

folio in new areas of our business, we've created relationships, we've earned a significant amount of revenue through basically doing shoots that are unpaid or free shoots. And maybe there's a better term for it than free shoots, like maybe unpaid would be the right way to go about it. But that's why we have terms like.

test shoot, spec shoot, and all of that, collaborative shoot, that's kind of what we're talking about here. So the power of this, what I want you to recognize is the power in this. This was, up here is a style shoot that we did with a couple of our local vendors, right? And you know, with us, we have 45,000, at the time we had 45,500.

followers. We've, I think, since trimmed our following, but we teamed up with these different businesses and basically went and just put together like this kind of styled shoot scenario. These detailed images, if you put together, I added up the impressions that it received were over 900,000 impressions.

we had six or so collaborating vendors on this project right so we do with this collaborative effort is we naturally expand reach by tapping into other people's audiences and you can see how well those audiences have to be aligned otherwise that exposure really doesn't matter right this was a wedding an actual wedding that we did

And these are all the different people that we tagged in and we're including like, this is the bridal shop that we tagged them. I think one of these is the designer. We're tagging. Everybody we possibly can. When you looked at everybody who shared these images, it was seen by over 6.8 million people across the world. And it got over 170,000.

like so 6.8 million impressions this is what I want you to recognize as far as like collaborative potential okay between like like just us we would need a post to go fully viral like if we have 45 000 followers we need a very viral post to get anywhere near these numbers right but if we

we have collaborative partners that are also publishing and sharing, then we can gain a lot of virality by just bringing people in. Another example outside the wedding space was that at a time we were kind of considering, should we create a commercial portfolio? Should we go into this side of the business? So what I did was I reached out to a business that we were.

like I was already going to, it was a gym that I was going to called The Twelve, and I said, what if we created collateral for y'all, what if we created marketing materials, and maybe we even do this like once or twice a year for you, and we do it in exchange for studio memberships. So I told him that the cost of a typical commercial shoot like this might be somewhere in the neighborhood of $40,000 to $50,000, you know, obviously it's a

the space where I'm new in, but I had full confidence that I could deliver based on my skillset, okay? So I said, this is what it would typically cost, but instead of doing that, why don't we just exchange memberships and we'll put together this kind of content package. It involved us going out twice a year and shooting and creating content for them.

Now, from each of these shoots, we got well over 25 portfolio images if we were looking to consider, like to create this commercial brand, right? We got 50 plus images for the blog, social media. We actually ended up with like hundreds of images. So it was a lot more. These are basic numbers that I'm gonna give you in a moment that that's what we should be trying to hit. We got a lot.

behind the scenes video for social media and for education in case we wanted to teach, like how do we do a shoot like this? And the whole idea behind this was, I was thinking about adding at the time, like creating a course on how to do a speculative shoot. So I was like, I'm gonna do a spec shoot and I'll define that in just a little bit. But basically.

It's a shoot where it's it's like a test shoot, but it's with some sort of practical commercial application, right? So we go to the gym and the gyms like yeah, all of our equipment is by Nautilus I go, okay. Let's approach this as if we're doing a spec shoot for Nautilus and for the 12 the the gym itself and We created the images. And so what I did was

was I created images that I thought Nautilus might like, like images where you had women that were working out where you can clearly see the Nautilus branding. This is just one of those examples. We had multiple machines that were featured. And then I reached out to Nautilus and I said, hey, there's a few images in here that you guys might really like for your collateral. They turned around, they bought them for $10,000. So they licensed those five.

of images for $2,000 a piece. So this is another example of a collaborative shoot and the effectiveness of that. Not only is there a direct benefit, we actually got like 25 memberships for the studio, but we got the portfolio, the imagery, the behind the scenes, we got the experience of it. We got everything from.

going out and doing that. And it was a win-win for them too because they got all this fantastic collateral that they used to build their brand, okay? One other example inside of say the wedding space, this is a engagement shoot giveaway, right? So we ran a giveaway for this one. This is 25, we got well over 25 portfolio images. We got hundreds of images for our blog and social media. We got behind the scenes.