I usually choose the collaborate option on Instagram. It'll allow them to actually publish the reel or the post as well on their side. So that's great. Collaborate with people that have direct involvement. If they don't have direct involvement, but they, let's say that you used an outfit. No, I mean, even if you used an outfit, I would collaborate. But if they don't have direct involvement, like let's say that they're the DJ and this.

This is just a photograph of the couple outside, right? I'd still tag them. Why not? Like give them credit for being the DJ and do that. I also email them after the fact to notify them, hey, we just did a blog entry for you. We just did this. We also included an SEO link for your website. You know, hopefully,

Hopefully this brings some traffic to you. Let them know, because a gift without being told a gift is not a gift. Nobody knows. They don't know how to be appreciative because we didn't tell them, right? Then provide the imagery for them to use in that same email. So I've given you an example of what that email might look like in your email templates. So you reach out to them, you say,

Let's see here. Oh, I think it's post-shoot. So where's the post-shoot? After the shoot, okay. So it says, wonderful being able to work with you. As a token of our appreciation, we'd like to share the images. We prepared a blog entry. At the bottom, we also find a link of credits where we mention you, link to every vendor. Please double check your info, make sure all the links are correct. Again, this is to get them to actually look at it so they're like, oh.

That was really nice of you. So click here to view that. Please feel free to use images. We just kindly ask you to please tag our studio name when using on social media. If you'd like to use the image on a website, I've also included the HTML attribution link below for your convenience. And I just include that in case they don't know how to, you know, set up a link or whatever. Okay. If you don't want to include like how to set up a, like a lot of people

We'll just use a visual editor, so that's not even needed. But you can mention that, you can take out the HTML piece, modify however you see fit. But notice that we tell them. Part of the relationship building side is that you let them know what we've just done for them so that they have an opportunity to say thank you and to know who you are and to remember.

your name because you did something that nobody else done. Nobody else done. We're gonna take it. We're gonna roll with that. Alright, that's it my friend, my friends. Let's go on. Okay, so what is a test shoot? Well, a test shoot are basically low pressure shoots.

that are perfect when you need to develop a portfolio or a skill set around like a new area of your business. So let's say that you are not yet experienced in the wedding photography space, like you don't have a portfolio yet, then you do a test shoot. You look for, you know, couples who are engaged and you take them out and do engagement shoots.

For example, that shoot that we did with the 12, right? Where we reached out, I'm new in the fitness space, and so that would be kind of like a test shoot, except it goes a little bit deeper, okay? Because that had expectations. So test shoots, low pressure shoots, right? Styled shoots, they're like test shoots.

with expectations then you have we can kind of take this further and you have spec shoots okay and we're going to talk about all these concepts right here so if we looked at that 12 shoot it really wasn't a test shoot because there was a substantial amount of expectations there was kind of like ongoing partnership there was

styling and everything that went into it, plus there was kind of a speculative nature of it. So it was kind of all these things combined. I would classify as more like a spec shoot slash partnership. But a test shoot is one that has no expectation. Now these are perfect for if we wanna refine an existing skill, maybe develop new skills, if we need to show our work within our existing network so we need.

more images to kind of like showcase, or if we need to create imagery or content for social media portfolio. All of these are great reasons to do a test shoot where basically there is no kind of expectation. Now, the spec shoot is basically the test shoot with practical applications. So like, it's kind of, you know,

There's not someone paying for it, but there is people that we can potentially reach out to afterwards and say, would you by chance be interested in this? Now, I'm not saying that you guys should do speculative shoots. I think it depends on which genre that you're in. It depends on how much time you have. It depends on a lot of different factors.

What I do want to do you do is give you one of the best case studies for speculative shoots that I've ever seen and it came from my friend Mike Kelly. So Mike Kelly around 10 years ago a little more now he did a test shoot to create this photograph okay and he created this image like he loves airplanes so Mike would would

just loves airplanes he's like I want to go and photograph all the the airplanes that are taking off in a day so he did that and he combined them into one image just composited them like photoshop them all into one image and then he posted it the image went viral and it led to a career in aviation photography where now he's actually being brought out to airports he's being hired

by American, by Dubai, by all these different airlines to go out and create images for them. So it's led to this career where now he goes around like he does architectural work, but half the time he's going around and actually photographing airplanes at airports. This is a beautiful example of this and it's generated a substantial.

and you're talking about big money. If these companies license images like these.

We're talking about five, $10,000 per image. And depending on the usage case, he could be getting paid like annually with residuals, right? So this is a beautiful example of this. And we can look in our space and see like, is this, is it appropriate for me? So look, what I would say.

is when it comes to collaborators. Like, should I invite collaborators into my projects, right? Because we're really, we're talking about the idea of test shoots. Remember, test shoots are low pressure. They're perfect when you need to develop a portfolio or a skillset. We want low pressure, we want no expectations, because if we don't know if we can deliver, we don't want, we're gonna ruin a relationship.

If we go and bring people in to collaborate on a shoot and we're not good enough yet, you're literally gonna destroy any opportunity to work with those people again. So differentiate these. Test shoot is for when I do not want expectations, I need to play, I need to develop a skillset.

that we can still make a test shoot speculative in nature by having a practical application. If the images turn out great, awesome, I'm gonna reach out to people after the fact. If it doesn't turn out great, no harm, no foul. But if Mike had gone and actually marketed it to them and then failed to deliver, that would be kind of a nightmare.

The idea of, well, should I invite collaborators into my test shoot? It's very simple. If you're new to the space, do it after the fact. Make it a speculative shoot. That's my general recommendation, right? That's what makes a test shoot versus a speculative shoot. But in general, if you are confident, like if you're experienced in your skillset, remember when I did this,

did that shoot with the 12, I'd been teaching lighting and doing all this stuff for years. I focused primarily on weddings, but I knew, hey, put me in a fitness scenario. I'm gonna create really good images because I know, I understand the principles of this. I know how to go about this. If you're experienced in your skillset, if you're confident that you can deliver, if you're ready to market a network.

you could skip this test shoot and go straight to basically a styled or giveaway shoot which is what we're talking about where you bring vendors in you collaborate with the shoot in advance right if you're not this then i'd recommend sticking with the test shoot perhaps making it a speculative test shoot if it applies in your genre

Let's go on and we're going to talk about this next idea of a styled shoot, a collaborative shoot, what that is and how to work it. Leveling up into styled shoots, we can call this whatever we want, styled shoots, we can call it a collaborative shoot, we can call it any of those things, but this is the scenario where we have multiple vendors.

or multiple partners that are coming in to collaborate together in creating something that everybody can use, okay? So styled shoots are test shoots that come with expectations. But they also offer now this excuse to kind of connect. It's an excuse to reach out to somebody, right? Hey, I'm planning the styled shoot. I think you'd be a perfect fit.

an excuse to actually go in and like create the relationship while adding value to them. It's also an opportunity to serve these other partners. Okay I should probably just put partners here since this applies to venues, vendors, partners, all of that. It also elevates the imagery so if we bring on partners, venues, vendors, anybody that can collaborate

we generally are going to elevate the imagery so long as we bring in quality partners and not not ones that lower the level of our work and we get the opportunity to basically cross promote across social media as well as across emails you get the opportunity to expand and strengthen your network so that's what a styled shoot is we can call them collaborative shoots we can call them styled shoots but this is what it is so if you're

or look at the 12, really this falls more into this bucket. It was a collaborative styled shoot that also we try to make speculative in kind of nature, right, because obviously there were a lot of expectations here. But we're good, because like, let's just go and let's deliver on them, let's create the images that they wanted to have, right.