We have also our own email list of 1,000 plus people. Now the beautiful thing is if you bring collaborative partners into this, so now we're combining ideas. We're doing a collaborative shoot that's also a giveaway. Then you can also get the partners to actually promote the giveaway as well. So that's what we did. So we had over 25,000 combined people that were exposed to this.

Our partner emails had over 3,000 combined between each person that we added on there. So we just promoted this organically and we had, I think, probably 100 or 150 people sign up for this. Okay. Now, if we wanted to, we could have called each one of those to get more business, but we didn't bother with it. We had enough business. We just wanted to do the shoot itself and kind of run the giveaway.

We ended up booking them on their wedding too. So the beautiful thing is we select them for this engagement shoot. They had such a great experience. They loved the images. They turned around, they booked me to actually photograph their wedding. And they paid full price for me to go and photograph their wedding. So that's the benefit of this. When it's well planned, well executed, you're hitting every single one of these.

these things all at the same time and giving yourself the opportunity to book more clients. Especially if we've got their emails, we can now reach out to those individuals that didn't win. And we can say, look, I know you didn't win, but what I am doing is offering an engagement shoot for those that didn't win. Normally, this would be $1,000, but for those that didn't win,

that entered this, and because of your interest, I'm offering it for half price, so it's 50%, or $500. I'd love to take you guys out for an engagement shoot and work with you both. And now you have all these other leads of people that you can potentially reach out to, not only sell them on an engagement shoot, but then give them a great experience in that process, and then turn around and book them for, say, a wedding.

So giveaways are awesome, but again, the idea here is that we need some way to promote, okay? We can promote if we have a large enough audience ourselves, we can promote ourselves, right? Or we can bring collaborators into the style shoot so that we have a larger group of people that can help.

to promote this across different brands. But I would still say it's difficult to find collaborators if we don't have at least a few thousand followers, if we're not getting at least a couple thousand views on our videos regularly. Like if we don't have a social media presence, finding those collaborators can be tricky as well. So that's the piece to kind of remember in this process. But getting to this place is a view.

because you can really make these shoots work on a number of different levels. All right. One thing that I wanted to hit on was this idea of cold, collaborative outreach, okay? I'm not saying that all the marketing stuff that I'm giving you throughout this,

step six through 11, I know it's a lot. And that's why I reiterated a number of times that I don't expect you to do all of this. What I expect, there are a couple things that like, I hope each and every one of you, you capitalize on SEO because it has so much benefit in terms of search engine, long-term benefits, as well as AI search, right?

I hope you capitalize on that. I hope you capitalize also on social media. These are things that if I were running a business, these are Must-have components of my marketing effort, right? There's too much value there to not be involved in those two things Beyond that though I'm kind of like, you know I want to give you this buffet of options when it comes to marketing and I want you to pick and

and choose the things that are meaningful to you, the ones that really kind of you can connect with on a personal level, right? The ones that are sustainable. One of those things for me is actually this idea of cold collaborative outreach. And so if you're wondering the question, like, and this is narcissistic of me to write this slide, what?

would Pi do? But if you've ever wondered what would I do if starting a new business, I would hit my SEO, I would hit my social media, and then I would look to create relationships with potential partners. It could be a venue, it could be a vendor, it could be a planner, it could be just a partner business. I would look for these collaborative relationships, right?

And I would look for them and reach out from scratch. So what would I do if starting from that place, and I don't know why this is written third person, I would reach out to them, not Pi, let's not be the sociopathic people that talk about themselves in third person. Look, I would reach out with value. I would start with what we talked about here, identify the right partners first, right?

Then I'd review their websites and then I would kind of after seeing their website, their brand, all of it, I'd reach out with potential opportunities. Remember, these aren't weaknesses in their business, they're areas that they could expand on where they can capture more revenue, more views, more marketing efforts, more leads. We don't want to ever say.

like this is what's wrong and this is what I would fix we want to say hey I noticed that there would be a great opportunity this side I'm wondering if you if you've thought about this right so this is exactly what I would do is I would actually identify a bunch of these and I would send them a loom video I'm going to show you what that is so let's go ahead and pull up loom loom is this website right

Here, I've already logged into it, but it's just loom.com. And all you do is it allows you to basically screen share with, so you see the screen and you see like a person talking. I'll bring this up full screen so you guys can see it. Okay. And they see your face, you bring up their.

Website so if I were to you know do this on say the lin and jirsa website first thing I would say is You know guys there's an opportunity here to update this website because it hasn't been done in seven years Long time I would not say that but I would actually pull up the website and then I would go over to

Loom and I would say start recording. So when you go into Loom, the cool thing is that you just need a free account, right? I think it's right here. You just need a free account. You get up to 25 videos and these videos are up to five minutes in length. So you click record a Loom. Okay, let's go back before I actually record something. And I think I have to set permissions to do this and I haven't done that.

one as of late. So let's go back for one second to the slides. So step number one is reviewing their website, their brand. We want to look for an area that we can actually add value to their business right and a few examples of this is like maybe you want to offer them a brand portrait session because you notice they didn't have a lot of portraits of themselves on their website or they

they could use more, maybe in different settings, right? Maybe you wanna go and refresh their team headshot and you say, hey, I noticed you have a full team. I'd love to come in and refresh the team headshots. Maybe you offer an hour or two of content creation for social media. Maybe you offer a collaborative style shoot idea. Maybe it's some SEO guidance. Maybe you offer to kind of like mastermind.

on social media you say hey you know I'm pretty well experienced in the social media side I'd love to mastermind with you maybe give some ideas I think there's there's an opportunity here to get more reach I'd love to share some thoughts with you right and then you go to the loom and you're gonna record this loom okay so I give you the link right here so you're gonna sign up and you're gonna just click the record button

record button. I think mine is like busted at the moment. It doesn't matter because I'm recording anyway so I can't really record a recording but you click record. It gives you a couple options like you like what do you want to use for your camera so you need either a webcam could be built in or you can set up your camera for that and you just need a space that's like find a background that's clean behind you it doesn't look crazy.

You don't want this to be high production value. You want it to be authentic. And remember the enemy of authenticity is production. So that's why videos like this do really well. We don't need to worry too about that five minute length. I believe it'll tell you like, let's see if it shows it here. Yeah, it's not showing.

That's the five minute length. It'll tell you that you have a five minute length. We want the videos to be like a couple minutes, max. So that's it, okay? So again, here's another example. My name is Joe. I am the co-founder and CEO of Loom and I'm really, really happy you're here. I just want to take a minute to explain. So what we want is this nice, natural background. What we want is this.

this authentic view. So don't feel like you are doing something wrong by doing this with your webcam. This is the way that it should be honestly. And then all you do is you show their website. Okay so you're gonna...

to look at their website, you're going to offer some thoughts and feedback. Hey, I noticed this and whatnot. Okay. Now, after filming that, which would take like maybe your first time doing this, it takes you 20, 30 minutes to figure out what you want to say. I can crank out a loom in about 15 minutes from, from ideation, from looking at their website, to the idea, to.

the video, all of it. And then what you're going to do is just shoot them an email. If you're asking like, well, how do I write that email? I've given you an example of this. So in your brand and strategy workbook under the email templates, this is an example. Subject options, hey, here's a quick idea to bring more eyes to your business. Hey, I loved your