We solidified vendor relationships for this. We got really cool images. They had the Volkswagen Beetle, the couple that won this. They were like, yeah, we happen to have this Beetle. Would that be cool to bring out to our shoot? And I'm like, dude, that would be absolutely amazing. We should definitely do that. So we kind of looked out with the Beetle on that one. But we had a local wedding planner just kind of help us out.

and get Flores and get some props for this. And we tagged all of them in this too. And we created some new and interesting work. So what I want you to see here, I'm gonna show you the how as we go through this section. I simply want you to understand the power of this right now, okay? So this idea of free or these unpaid shoots, it really makes a lot of sense.

You need to do any of these things. Like if you need to level up your technical skill, because maybe you're not good enough yet for this space, or you're not certain yet, fantastic. If you want to build your portfolio into a new space, like whether it's the first niche that you're building or whether you're like, okay, I'm already good inside of the, the wedding space. Now I want to build a headshot brand. That's great too. You can do.

do that there. It's awesome for creating valuable relationships. It's great for expanding your network and your audience. It's great for gaining exposure of value. This means that the audience is in alignment, right? I think you all know what I mean by that now is like when we talked in the marketing section in step 10 and I gave you that example of Jeremy,

a guy that sells beef jerky that has millions of followers and gets no sales because the audiences are misaligned, right, we don't care about the number of followers, what we care about is if those followers are interested in a similar thing, if they're interested in potentially what we have to offer. So exposure can be valuable if we're talking about, like let's say you are a.

a pet photographer and the person that you're considering working with has like a pet channel, like that's all they do, right? And then you're like, okay, there's audience alignment, but if it's a general influencer, like if it's a fashion influencer and like, oh, I really want to get my dog in this cute outfit, that is not an alignment, that exposure is not.

not gonna make a single bit of difference for your business, right? And also, it makes sense to do free shoots when we need to build our content library. We can check all of these boxes at once, and that's the power of it. But, the huge but in this is just, I need you to check off the boxes in what I've created for you as a collaborative networking guide so that you're never,

doing free work without a purpose or without a plan. I think Chase Jarvis, not my favorite person, I shouldn't say that, but fine person, don't agree on everything, which is totally cool. You can agree to disagree on stuff. He did say this one fantastic line and I'm like, you know what? That's quotable. He said,

Do it for free or charge full price. And I do agree, it's like you either do it for free where it's mutually beneficial, or you just charge full price. But this in-between kind of bullshit, let's let that all go, okay? So thank you, Chase, for that quote and contribution to our industry. All right, so this.

This is your collaborative networking guide. Step one, identify the right partners. Collaborative networking only works when you select potential partners that are, one, within your photographic niche, working with or will work with your ideal clients. They have a similar or larger online presence, meaning if you have 1,000 followers, don't go reaching out to somebody that has 50,000 followers.

50,000 if you have 10,000 they have 20,000 not a big deal That's not a huge difference, but if they're 50 times larger than you you're likely just to get ignored, okay? So let's try to find people that are on our wavelength They're also similarly developed in business again the idea of like if you're just starting out in a space And you're like man if I'm the pet photographer that's just launching into this and I want to

Go and get, you know, the biggest pet brand on my side. Like this is, this is problematic, right? We don't yet have the bargaining power to bring to the table. So we want to find people that are similarly developed in their business. We want to add people that can bring value to the shoot itself and that they're willing to cover their individual expenses. It's weird when someone comes to the shoot and they're like, yeah.

but you need to pay for my florals. Or yeah, but you need to pay for this. It's like, no, I'm gonna cover my costs. I would appreciate if you cover your costs and then we all benefit from using the images together. We also wanna use models who look like potential clients. So again, with the pet photography example, we aren't gonna do a test shoot where there's people.

there, we're going to do a test shoot where there's dogs and where there's pets and animals. If we're photographing senior portraits, we're not going to go and get a couple. That doesn't make any sense. We need the models to actually look like the potential clients. I've also given you this. This is a collaborative partner idea sheet to get your mind moving, okay? Because you might think that, you know,

know in my in my space like I don't do weddings so there's not that many people to collaborate with this is simply not true okay so this is to get your mind moving planners florists DJs efficients brides boutiques all that this is great for wedding photographers that's obvious but makeup and hair are beauty salons this also works for boudoir for brand portraiture

Hotels, resorts, event venues, that's probably mostly events, corporate events, wedding photographers, and some you might be able to do some family stuff there. But personal trainers, gym owners, coaches, these are ideal for boudoir, brand portraits, headshot photographers. There's pet groomers, trainers, qualified breeders, vets, ideal for puppy, animal, family photographers who are animal friendly.

midwives, OBGYNs, if you have a newborn brand, a maternity brand. So you can see where we're going with this. There are people to create great collaborative relationships with regardless of what niche you might be in. Okay, so the next step to this is once we've identified the right partner, step two is to reach out with value and ideas.

right so I'm gonna give you examples of each of this and and I'll kind of give you more like we talked about the post collab shoot but we'll get into that so reach out with value and ideas meaning like every time you communicate with them there should be value and solutions that you're basically offering to them and we're gonna go over like three common scenarios

So after a shoot, we want to reach out with features, to provide them with imagery, we want to tell them about what we created and give them images to use, right? And we're going to go over the emails that I've given you for each of these. With a collaborative shoot, we would reach out, not to say, hey, would you like to do a test shoot?

But we reach out with the actual idea. Hey, I noticed that you are running a, that you're a pet veterinarian, okay? What if we did a test shoot featuring these animals and we created these types of images to put on the walls of your office? You reach out with an idea, not with a question.

Anybody's got questions. Hey, do you think you want to do a shoot with some dogs? Anybody can do that. But offering a solution, something that's mutually beneficial, that's of value, right? Or you can even, when you get comfortable with this, you can even reach out with business support. This is one of my favorite things to do because I'm comfortable in business, right? So you can reach out with ideas that can actually help support their business.

And what we're doing is we're banking on the law of reciprocity, right? The law of reciprocity is a social law which has been deemed more than just a theory. This is a law because whenever you do something for somebody, as long as they're not sociopathic, whenever you do something for a normal human being, they generally want to return that thing in kind.

kind, right? You give them something for free, they want to, you give them some sort of, not like something for free, but you give them value, right? It doesn't matter what kind of value, but you give them value, they want to support you. So this is kind of what we're banking on with all of these. Okay, so what we're going to do is, let me briefly just show you two.

If you ever have a question on this, go back to your brand strategist, okay? Go back to your brand strategist, and it's so effective just to simply ask. Okay, so, based on what you know about my brand, tell me who might be good.

good vendors, partners in my area that I could reach out to for a collaborative shoot, okay? Remember, because it sometimes forgets, I'm a Paris-based elopement photographer.

So this is one of my favorite ways to get ideas for this and I'll also use Google and just search but you can get plenty of ideas if you're like yeah okay this is a great list pie but who specifically in my area do I look for this is fantastic look florists are central to storytelling okay here's a few flory flory say matter

You can even give it more examples, say like, you know, my following is between this and this, so please look for people that aren't, you know, super, you know, established or whatnot. But look at how many examples it gives me of potential collaborative partners. Okay? And then you can simply do a dive into this. You can start doing some Google searches for each of these. See what...

but other stuff pops up in that same space, okay? So what I want you to do is I would like you to pause here, maybe start thinking of some people that you'd like to collaborate with. And again, if we go back to the brand strategist for just a moment, okay? I've given you the email templates. These are...