So what exactly are win-win partnerships? I wanna start by defining this because really in order to create an effective partnership, we have to know exactly who to target, who to go after in terms of creating these relationships to begin with, right? The first point I wanna make is nobody likes the person that is needy. Whether you're reaching out to a vendor, whether it's a venue, no collaborative partner wants to do work with someone else. That's really.

in a position of just like asking. So what we want to do is we want to actually bring value to the table throughout this process. We want to make sure that it's a good fit for everybody so we can work under a mutually beneficial context. Now the beautiful thing is one of the very easy ways to stand out just in these relationship building opportunities is just to simply look to add value to someone else's life or to their business. Specifically in this case we're going to be looking to add value to their businesses. So a win-win

relationship or partnership is when we can create a relationship under this mutually beneficial context. So it's not you know us reaching out like like the if I were to ask a wedding planner like what is the most frustrating email you get it would most certainly at least this would be in the top five it'd be the email the photographers who are like hey I'm new in this area I just wanted you to know that I'm here let me know what it would take to work with you that is the most obnoxious annoying email it is the

epitome of like a needy kind of stance in terms of how we're communicating and you're unlikely to get a response at all. You're just gonna get ghosted, possibly even blacklisted for doing things like that. And you might be wondering well what about outside of weddings? We're gonna talk about that. There are plenty of collaborative opportunities outside of this but that's just a very common example I think all of us can relate to or at least understand and so we want to avoid that. We want this mutually beneficial context and the idea here

here that I want to kind of go against is this idea that you should never do free shoots. You see this kind of all the time thrown up online. It's this simple kind of one-way street statement and I would say, well, not really, okay? I do agree to this to an extent, like I don't want you to do free work when it's not under a mutually beneficial context. So for example, someone reaches out to you and they say, hey, would you be willing to do this?

I'll tag you and I'll promote you, you'll get good exposure. I don't want you to do a free shoot in that case unless you find that, okay, we're gonna build in that exposure into the contract, we're gonna put an actual dollar value into what you're committing to and you know that the audiences are in alignment, right? Without that mutually beneficial context, I most certainly just don't want you to work for free. At the same time though, I have to tell you that we have built our portfolio and.

new areas of our business, we've created relationships, we've earned a significant amount of revenue through basically doing shoots that are unpaid or free shoots. And maybe there's a better term for it than free shoots, like maybe unpaid would be the right way to go about it. But that's why we have terms like test shoot, spec shoot, and all that, collaborative shoot. That's kind of what we're talking about here. So the power of this, what I want you to recognize is the power in this. This was a.

up here is a styled shoot that we did with a couple of our local vendors, right? And you know, with us, we have 45,000, at the time we had 45,000 followers. We've, I think, since trimmed our following. But we teamed up with these different businesses and basically went and just put together like this kind of styled shoot scenario. These detailed images, if you put together, I added up the impressions that it received, were over 900,000 impressions because we had.

six or so collaborating vendors on this project, right? So what we do with this collaborative effort is we naturally expand reach by tapping into other people's audiences. And you can see how, well, those audiences have to be aligned, otherwise that exposure really doesn't matter, right? This was a wedding, an actual wedding that we did, and these are all the different people that we tagged in. And we're including like, this is the bridal shop that we tagged them. I think one of these is the designer. We're tagging everybody we possibly can. When you looked.

at everybody who shared these images, it was seen by over 6.8 million people across the world, and it got over 170,000 likes. So 6.8 million impressions. This is what I want you to recognize as far as collaborative potential, okay? Between just us, we would need a post to go fully viral. Like if we have 45,000 followers, we need a very viral post to get anywhere near these numbers, right? But if we have collaborative.

partners that are also publishing and sharing, then we can gain a lot of virality by just bringing people in. Another example outside of the wedding space was that at a time we were kind of considering should we create a commercial portfolio? Should we go into this side of the business? So what I did was I reached out to a business that we were, like I was already going to, it was a gym that I was going to called The Twelve, and I said what if we created collateral for y'all? What if we created marketing materials and maybe we even do this like once or twice a year for you? And we.

we do it in exchange for studio memberships. So I told him that the cost of a typical commercial shoot like this might be somewhere in the neighborhood of 40 to $50,000. You know, obviously it's a space where I'm new in, but I had full confidence that I could deliver based on my skillset, okay? So I said, this is what it would typically cost, but instead of doing that, why don't we just exchange memberships and we'll put together this kind of content package. It involved us going out twice a year and shooting and creating content for them. Now, from each of.

These shoots, we got well over 25 portfolio images if we were looking to consider, like to create this commercial brand, right? We got 50 plus images for the blog, social media. We actually ended up with like hundreds of images, so it was a lot more. These are basic numbers that I'm gonna give you in a moment that that's what we should be trying to hit. We got a lot. We got behind the scenes video for social media and for education in case we wanted to teach like how do we do a shoot like this. And the whole idea behind this was, I was thinking about adding at the time.

and I'm like creating a course on how to do a speculative shoot. So I was like, I'm gonna do a spec shoot and I'll define that in just a little bit. But basically it's a shoot where it's like a test shoot, but it's with some sort of practical commercial application, right? So we go to the gym and the gym's like, yeah, all of our equipment is by Nautilus. And I go, okay, let's approach this as if we're doing a spec shoot for Nautilus and for the 12, the gym itself. And we created the images. And so what I did was I created images

I thought Nautilus might like, like images where you had women that were working out where you can clearly see the Nautilus branding. This is just one of those examples. We had multiple machines that were featured. And then I reached out to Nautilus and I said, hey, there's a few images in here that you guys might really like for your collateral. They turned around, they bought them for $10,000. So they licensed those five images for $2,000 a piece. So this is another example of a collaborative shoot and the effectiveness of that. Not only is there a direct benefit, we actually got like 25.

I've memberships for the studio, but we got the portfolio, the imagery, the behind the scenes, we got the experience of it. We got everything from going out and doing that. And it was a win-win for them too, because they got all this fantastic collateral that they used to build their brand, okay? One other example inside of say the wedding space, this is a engagement shoot giveaway, right? So we ran a giveaway for this one. This is 25, we got well over 25 portfolio images. We got hundreds of images for our blog and social media. We got behind the scenes, we solidified.

by vendor relationships for this. We got really cool images. They had the Volkswagen Beetle, the couple that won this. They were like, yeah, we happen to have this Beetle. Would that be cool to bring out to our shoot? And I'm like, dude, that would be absolutely amazing. We should definitely do that. So we kind of looked out with the Beetle on that one. But we had a local wedding planner just kind of help us out and get florists and get some props for this. And we tagged all of them in this too. And we created some new and interesting work. So what I want you to see here, I'm gonna show you the how as we go through this section. I simply.

I want you to understand the power of this right now, okay? So this idea of free or these unpaid shoots, it really makes a lot of sense when you need to do any of these things. Like if you need to level up your technical skill because maybe you're not good enough yet for this space or you're not certain yet, fantastic. If you wanna build your portfolio into a new space, like whether it's the first niche that you're building or whether you're like, okay, I'm already good inside of the wedding space, now I wanna build a headshot brand, that's great too. You can do that there.

It's awesome for creating valuable relationships. It's great for expanding your network and your audience. It's great for gaining exposure of value. This means that the audience is in alignment, right? I think you all know what I mean by that now is like when we talked in the marketing section in step 10 and I gave you that example of Jeremy, the guy that sells beef jerky that has millions of followers and gets no sales because the audiences are misaligned, right? We don't care about the number of followers. What we care about is if those followers are interested in us.