similar thing, if they're interested in potentially what we have to offer. So exposure can be valuable if we're talking about, like let's say you are a pet photographer and the person that you're considering working with has a pet channel, like that's all they do, right? And then you're like, okay, there's audience alignment. But if it's a general influencer, like if it's a fashion influencer and like, oh, I really wanna get my dog in this cute outfit, that is not an alignment. That exposure is not gonna make a single bit of difference.

for your business, right? And also it makes sense to do free shoots when we need to build our content library. We can check all of these boxes at once and that's the power of it. But the huge button is just, I need you to check off the boxes in what I've created for you as a collaborative networking guide so that you're never doing free work without a purpose or without a plan. I think Chase Jarvis, not my favorite person, I shouldn't say that, but fine person.

person, don't agree on everything, which is totally cool. You can agree to disagree on stuff. He did say this one fantastic line, and I'm like, you know what? That's quotable. He said, do it for free or charge full price, and I do agree. It's like you either do it for free where it's mutually beneficial, or you just charge full price. But this in-between kind of bullshit, let's let that all go, okay? So thank you, Chase, for that quote and contribution to our industry. All right. So this is your collaborative.

Networking guide. Step one, identify the right partners. Collaborative networking only works when you select potential partners that are one, within your photographic niche, working with or will work with your ideal clients. They have a similar or larger online presence, meaning if you have 1,000 followers, don't go reaching out to somebody that has 50,000. If you have 10,000, they have 20,000, not a big deal. That's not a huge difference. But if they're 50 times larger than you, you're likely just to get ignored, okay? So let's try to find people that are on our wavelength. They're also.

similarly developed in business. Again, the idea of if you're just starting out in a space and you're like, man, if I'm the pet photographer that's just launching into this and I wanna go and get the biggest pet brand on my side, this is problematic, right? We don't yet have the bargaining power to bring to the table. So we wanna find people that are similarly developed in their business. We wanna add people that can bring value to the shoot itself and that they're willing to cover their individual expenses. It's weird when someone comes to the shoot and they're like, yeah, but you need to pay for my floral.

or yeah, but you need to pay for this. It's like, no, I'm gonna cover my costs. I would appreciate if you cover your costs and then we all benefit from using the images together. We also wanna use models who look like potential clients. So again, with the pet photography example, we aren't gonna do a test shoot where there's people in there. We're gonna do a test shoot where there's dogs and where there's pets and animals. If we're photographing senior portraits, we're not gonna go and get a couple. That doesn't make any sense. We need the models to actually look like the potential.

clients. I've also given you this. This is a collaborative partner idea sheet to get your mind moving okay because you might think that you know in my in my space like I don't do weddings so there's not that many people to collaborate with. This is simply not true okay. So this is to get your mind moving. Planners, florists, DJs, officiants, brides, boutiques, all that this is great for wedding photographers that's obvious. But makeup and hair, beauty salons, this also works for boudoir for brand portraiture. Hotels, resorts, event venues

because that's probably mostly events, corporate events, wedding photographers, and some you might be able to do some family stuff there. But personal trainers, gym owners, coaches, these are ideal for boudoir, brand portraits, headshot photographers. There's pet groomers, trainers, qualified breeders, vets, ideal for puppy, animal, family photographers who are animal friendly. Midwives, OBGYNs if you have a newborn brand, a maternity brand. So you can see where we're going with this. There are people to create great collaborative relationships with regardless of what needs.

issue might be in, okay? So the next step to this is once we've identified the right partner, step two is to reach out with value and ideas, right? So I'm gonna give you examples of each of this and I'll kind of give you more, like we talk about the post-collab shoot, but we'll get into that. So reach out with value and ideas, meaning like every time you communicate with them, there should be value and solutions that you're basically offering to them. And we're gonna go over like three common scenarios. So after a shoot.

We want to reach out with features to provide them with imagery. We want to tell them about what we created and give them images to use, right? And we're going to go over the emails that I've given you for each of these. With a collaborative shoot, we would reach out not to say, hey, would you like to do a test shoot? But we reach out with the actual idea. Hey, I noticed that you are running a that you're a pet veterinarian. OK, what if we did a test shoot?

these animals and we created these types of images to put on the walls of your office. You reach out with an idea, not with a question. Everybody's got questions. Hey, do you think you want to do a shoot with some dogs? Anybody can do that. But offering a solution, something that's mutually beneficial, that's of value, right? Or you can even, when you get comfortable with this, you can even reach out with business support. This is one of my favorite things to do because I'm comfortable in business, right? So you can reach out with ideas that can actually help support their business.

What we're doing is we're banking on the law of reciprocity, right? The law of reciprocity is a social law which has been deemed more than just a theory. This is a law because whenever you do something for somebody, as long as they're not sociopathic, whenever you do something for a normal human being, they generally want to return that thing in kind, right? You give them something for free, they want to, you give them some sort of, not like something for free, but you give them value, right? It doesn't matter what kind of value, but you give them value, they want to...

support you. So this is kind of what we're banking on with all of these. Okay. So what we're going to do is let me briefly just show you two. If you ever have a question on this, go back to your brand strategist. Okay. Go back to your brand strategist. And it's, it's so effective just to simply ask. Okay. So based on what you know about my brand, tell me who might be good vendors. Okay.

Partners in my area that I could reach out to for a collaborative Shoot, okay Remember because it sometimes forgets. I'm a Paris based elopement Photographer So this is one of my favorite ways to get ideas for this and I'll also use Google and just search But you can get plenty of ideas if you're like, yeah, okay This is a great list pie, but who specifically?

specifically in my area do I look for, this is fantastic. Look, florists are central to storytelling. Okay, here's a few, Florise, Madame Martisse. You can even give it more examples. Say like, you know, my following is between this and this, so please look for people that aren't, you know, super, you know, established or whatnot. But look at how many examples it gives me of potential collaborative partners, okay? And then you can simply do a dive into this. You can start doing some Google searches for each of these. See what other stuff pops.

up in that same space okay so what I want you to do is I would like you to pause here maybe start thinking of some people that you'd like to collaborate with and again if we go back to the brand strategist for just a moment okay I've given you the email templates these are it's just an idea I want I want to give you all ideas and you can take these and run with them however you like please don't use the exact words please make it yours

These are just examples, and we're gonna go through each one of these, okay? But what I'd love for you to do is kind of identify maybe who would be some good collaborative people that I could potentially work with. And I believe we did that back in, I think it was under step one, or maybe step two. We were talking about some of the potential vendors that you could potentially work with, okay? Maybe it was under environment. Oh, that's probably where it was, let's see. Yeah, positive collaborative.

venues so it wasn't step one okay I'm not crazy I'm not a crazy person so back in step one we had some ideas here if you haven't figured that out yet this is where I'd like you to pause and maybe put some ideas down for who might be good collaborative partners in your space if you're not ready for this yet that's okay too but you don't need to send anything out yet what I'd like you to do is is complete this module before you send stuff out and then come back to the guide to kind of reference it okay let's go ahead and jump now to the next lesson