email list of 1,000 plus people. Now the beautiful thing is if you bring collaborative partners into this, so now we're combining ideas. We're doing a collaborative shoot that's also a giveaway. Then you can also get the partners to actually promote the giveaway as well. So that's what we did. So we had over 25,000 combined people that were exposed to this, and then our partner emails had over 3,000 combined between each person that we added on there. So we just promoted this organically, and we had, I think, probably 100 or 150 people sign up for this, okay? Now if we wanted to, we could have called each one of those to get more business, but we didn't bother with it. We had enough business. We just wanted to do the shoot itself and kind of run the giveaway. We ended up booking.

them on their wedding too. So the beautiful things, we select them for this engagement shoot. They had such a great experience. They loved the images. They turned around, they booked me to actually photograph their wedding. And they paid full price for me to go and photograph their wedding. So that's the benefit of this. When it's well-planned, well-executed, you're hitting every single one of these things all at the same time and giving yourself the opportunity to book more clients. Especially if we've got their emails, we can now reach out to those individuals that didn't win. And we can say, look, I know you didn't win, but what I am doing is offering an engagement shoot for those that didn't win. Normally, this would be $1,000. But for those that entered this and because of your interest, I'm offering.

offering it for half price, so it's 50%, or $500. I'd love to take you guys out for an engagement shoot and work with you both. And now you have all these other leads of people that you can potentially reach out to, not only sell them on an engagement shoot, but then give them a great experience in that process, and then turn around and book them for, say, a wedding. So giveaways are awesome, but again, the idea here is that we need some way to promote, okay? We can promote, if we have a large enough audience ourselves, we can promote ourselves, right? Or we can bring collaborators into the style shoot so that we have a larger group of people that can help to promote this across different brands.

But I would still say it's difficult to find collaborators if we don't have at least a few thousand followers, if we're not getting at least a couple thousand views on our videos regularly. Like if we don't have a social media presence, finding those collaborators can be tricky as well. So that's the piece to kind of remember in this process. But getting this place is a beautiful thing because you can really make these shoots work on a number of different levels. All right.