One thing that I wanted to hit on was this idea of cold collaborative outreach, okay? I'm not saying that you know all the marketing stuff that were that I'm giving you throughout this this You know step 6 through 11 I know it's a lot and that's why I reiterated a number of times that I don't expect you to do all of this what I Expect there are a couple things that like I hope each and every one of you You capitalize on on SEO because it has so much benefit in terms of search engine

Long-term benefits as well as AI search, right? I hope you capitalize on that. I hope you capitalize also on social media These are things that if I were running a business, these are Must have components of my marketing effort, right? There's too much value there to not be involved in those two things Beyond that though I'm kind of like, you know I want to give you this buffet of options when it comes to marketing and I want you to pick and choose the things that That are meaningful to you the ones that really Kind of you can connect with on a personal level right the ones that are

sustainable. One of those things for me is actually this idea of cold collaborative outreach and so if you're wondering the question like and this is narcissistic of me to write this slide what would Pi do but if you've ever wondered what would I do if starting a new business I would hit my SEO, I'd hit my social media and then I would look to create relationships with potential partners with it could be a venue, it could be a vendor, it could be you know a planner, it could be it could be just a partner.

business, I would look for these collaborative relationships, right? And I would look for them and reach out from scratch. So what would I do if starting from that place, and I don't know why this is written third person, I would reach out to them, not Pi, let's not be the sociopathic people that talk about themselves in third person. Look, I would reach out with value. I would start with what we talked about here, identify the right partners first, right? Then I'd review their websites. And then I would kind of, after seeing their website, their brand, all of it, I'd...

reach out with potential opportunities. Remember, these aren't weaknesses in their business, they're areas that they could expand on where they can capture more revenue, more views, more marketing efforts, more leads. We don't wanna ever say like this is what's wrong and this is what I would fix. We wanna say, hey, I noticed that there would be a great opportunity on this side, I'm wondering if you've thought about this, right? So this is exactly what I would do is I would actually identify a bunch of these and I would send them a Loom video. I'm gonna show you what that is. So let's go ahead and.

pull up Loom. Loom is this website right here. I've already logged into it, but it's just loom.com. And all you do is it allows you to basically screen share with, so you see the screen and you see like a person talking. I'll bring this up full screen so you guys can see it. Okay. And they see your face. You bring up their website. So if I were to do this on, say, the Lin and Jersa website, first thing I would say is,

you know guys there's an opportunity here to update this website because it hasn't been done in seven years long time I would not say that but I would actually pull up the website and then I would go over to loom and I would say start recording so when you go into loom the cool thing is that you just need a free account right I think it's right here you just need a free account you get up to 25 videos and these videos are up to five minutes in length so you click record a loom okay let's go back before I actually record something and I

I have to set permissions to do this and I haven't done one as of late. So let's go back for one second to the slides. So step number one is reviewing their website, their brand. We wanna look for an area that we can actually add value to their business, right? And a few examples of this is like, maybe you wanna offer them a brand portrait session because you notice they didn't have a lot of portraits of themselves on their website or that they could use more, maybe in different settings, right? Maybe you wanna go and refresh their team headshot and you say, hey, I noticed you have.

of a full team, I'd love to come in and refresh the team headshots. Maybe you offer an hour or two of content creation for social media. Maybe you offer a collaborative style shoot idea. Maybe it's some SEO guidance. Maybe you offer to kind of like mastermind on social media. You say, hey, you know, I'm pretty well experienced on the social media side. I'd love to mastermind with you. Maybe give some ideas. I think there's an opportunity here to get more reach. I'd love to share some thoughts with you, right? And then you go to the Loom and you're gonna record this Loom, okay? So I give you the link right here.

ear. So you're going to sign up and you're going to just click the record button. I think mine is like busted at the moment. It doesn't matter because I'm recording anyway so I can't really record a recording. But you click record. It gives you a couple options like you like what do you want to use for your camera. So you need either a webcam, it could be built in or you can set up your camera for that. And you just need a space that's like find a background that's clean behind you, it doesn't look crazy. You don't want this to be high production value. You want it to be authentic. And remember the enemy of authenticity

is production. So that's why videos like this do really well. We don't need to worry too about that five-minute length. I believe it'll tell you like, let's see if it shows it here. Yeah, it's not showing us the five-minute length. It'll tell you that you have a five-minute length. We want the videos to be like a couple minutes max. So that's it, okay? So again, here's another example. My name is Joe. I am the co-founder and CEO of Loom and I'm really, really happy you're here. I just wanna take a minute to explain. So what we want.

is this nice natural background what we want is this this authentic view so don't feel like you you know are doing something wrong by doing this with your webcam this is the way that it should be honestly and then all you do is you show their website and then if somebody is asking me for feedback so somebody sends a link to me instead of typing up a laundry list of feedback okay so you're going to look at their website you're going to offer some thoughts some feedback hey i noticed this and whatnot okay now after filming that which would

take like maybe your first time doing this it takes you 20-30 minutes to figure out what you want to say. I can crank out a loom in about 15 minutes from ideation, from looking at their website to the idea, to the video, all of it. And then what you're going to do is just shoot them an email. If you're asking like well how do I write that email, I've given you an example of this so in your brand and strategy workbook under the email templates this is an example subject options, hey here's a quick idea to bring more...

more eyes to your business. Hey, I loved your work at this venue, had a thought for you. Hey, a quick collaborative idea for you. And then you're gonna put in some information, watch the video, include a screenshot of the video. Now, why the screenshot is important is because they actually see the screenshot with the video link, right? When they see the screenshot, they see your face in a small little circle and they see their website. And that's when they know that, hey, you're actually making something custom for them. This isn't just a generic email. Now, I'll tell you this.

Why do I prefer this method of cold outreach and relationship building? Because I can do this, I can reach out with value with somebody quickly and I can actually speak to them in a way that adds value to their lives, in a way that they're likely going to view. And I'll tell you this for me personally, right? I ignore, if I get solicitors that call me, I ignore them, okay? I don't. As soon as I pick up the phone, I know they're going to sell something, I hang up, right?

shows up to my place of business, that's kind of rude. Like, I don't want solicitors, they're gonna interrupt me, they wanna tell me what they want on my time, and it's not a good time for me, I don't like it. You showing up to a business, you don't know if it's gonna be a good time for them. Even if you're bringing by a treat, maybe they're in meetings, maybe they have a rushed day, maybe something's going on in their lives, it's not a good time. So, on top of that, even if a place, like a potential partner, right, even if they're 10 minutes away, 15 minutes away.

You having to get dressed, get ready, drive over to them, come back. That's a minimum of an hour commitment. Let's just be real. Even if they're close to you, it's a minimum of an hour commitment. I can send these out on repeat every 20, 30 minutes to a new person without leaving my desk. It is personalized. It adds value. Within a week, I can send out 50 plus looms. If you're wanting to know how do we quickly generate revenue in new spaces? It's this. I.

To reach out to people with ideas, with value, I bring them onto a call, usually for like a free consult, and then I say, hey, if you'd like to continue with business coaching, or consulting, or social media marketing, or whatever it is that I'm selling, then I say, this is the cost of that. I've already delivered value to them, I've already given them great ideas, I've also established myself as someone that wants to help, and they watch the videos. They watch, they read the email and they look at them. The click-through rate on these is fantastic, because, again, they see and.