in the last module where we're putting together that kind of content roadmap of what, what is the information? What is the inspiration? What are the challenges that my clients face, right? Maybe if you're doing boudoir, it's like, do I need to lose 10 pounds before I do a boudoir session? That's a common fear that people have. Maybe it's 15 pounds. I don't know, but do I need to lose weight before I do boudoir session? And it's a page where you just reassure them and you speak mindset, right? And on that page, you want to introduce yourself. You want to, you want to include what we're talking about here, where there's a call to action.

at both the top and the bottom. And the way we do that is gonna change a little bit over time. Like starting out, I would say something basic like this is good. And then over time, developing a lead magnet is fantastic. And that's one of the bonus things that we'll talk about well, later in the program. I'm gonna build a booster around that and how to do that. Okay, so that is the goal. That is the purpose of why we want website analytics is so that we can gauge which website pages are actually getting traffic. And then.

and make sure that we're kind of going in order as far as do each of these pages have what they need to convert a view into a lead. And of course, you can track your overall kind of analytics and metrics to see like, is the work that I'm doing on the SEO side effective? What's been the most popular? I'm gonna lean more into that as well. Okay. Okay. Another huge element that we wanna make sure is set up and set up well, and this is, you won't believe how often this is.

It's just completely left out of the to-dos. It's to set up your Google business profile, okay? Why is this is our local SEO. So this is people that are gonna be searching for us in the area. We wanna make sure that we're easy to find. This is what's gonna control your Google Maps listing. So you want all of your basic information. If you have a studio, put in your address. If you wanna be able to add and modify the images as well, you wanna make sure that this listing looks nice, that it has some solid portfolio images in there.

And you also wanna make sure that you respond to reviews as well. Make your listing nice. So spend a little bit of time there. It's very simple and easy to do. I'm not gonna spend too much time here. I'm just gonna simply tell you that it's really important. So set up your Google Business Profile. To do that, you just click this link, you log in, fill out the information, and complete it on your own, in your own time. This one's gonna be probably the shortest video in this entire course. So pause here, get that done, and boom, one minute. Okay, now look, we're going quick. I know, like, we're already on.

and submit your sitemaps. I know that we're covering a lot of stuff and it can feel daunting, right? Carson mentioned that this is like trying to eat this elephant one bite at a time, but I can't help feeling like I wanted to get this done yesterday. And I get the feeling. What I want you guys to understand is it feels daunting when you're simply watching these videos and not actually doing the steps because you're like, oh man, this is just adding to my to-do list. But each of these to-dos is actually very simple. So if you're actually.

pausing and implementing as you go, you'll find that each step takes maybe like 4 to 5 minutes, right? Maybe you spend 10-15 minutes on setting up your Google business profile and whatnot, but they're very quick and this is another example of that. So now we're going to submit your site map and it's really fast. So the why behind this is, well, this optimizes your website's visibility and performance in Google or other search engines, but it gives you faster indexing, better site coverage. It's essentially giving Google a roadmap of your entire website.

So rather than trying to crawl and look for everything on its own, you're giving it a roadmap to follow, right? It also tells it content prioritization, it helps with error detection, enhances search performance. These are all the benefits of this and it's incredibly simple. So as you go through and you do these steps and again most of what we do here is just a one-time thing and I'll let you know and like okay this is one of those things that you want to do moving forward versus everything else. Everything that we've been doing thus far is just a one-time setup.

console all you do is go to sitemaps you enter the sitemap right there okay now how do you find the sitemap url i gave you a little linking so for common websites this is where the sitemap is generally housed so for wordpress it's usually yourdomain.com wp sitemap.xml or you can have plugins like yoast which will give you a url and i think they might even like allow you to automatically submit or whatnot but but easy peasy squarespace again your domain these are

These are all the general links to basically where your sitemap is. But once again, if you ever have a question of where it is, how do I create a sitemap URL and submit it to Google? And then you just type in on Wix, on whatever website I'm using. So it'll walk you through the steps of how to create it and how to do it. But it's really quite simple, okay? And it's not, don't ever feel like when you're looking at this, like how do I create a sitemap? I'm gonna actually have to be writing something out. No, you're.

Your website, your platform does this automatically for you and it generates it in HTML so that it's just basically ready to submit. Usually it's just in the form of a link. So you just get a link and you submit that link directly to. So it's a sitemap URL that you're submitting directly to Google, okay? All right, so let's go ahead and pause here, get your sitemap submitted and move on to the next step. Okay, let's get to the goodies now. We've got all those basics kind of covered. Now let's talk about.

specifically keyword placement in your website, right? So what I generally wanna give you an idea of is each page should only have one and only one keyword phrase that you're kind of like ranking or you're aiming to rank for. Some people will say like you can go for two, you can go for three, but honestly best practice is just there's only one thing that we want a page to rank for. You can make small exceptions to that. Like if you are a, let's say.

Let's say that you do Salt Lake City family portraits, and you also wanna be able to pick up Provo family portraits. You could try to go for both on a homepage of a website. But it's a little bit confusing if you imagine for a search engine, it's always gonna kind of wonder. As soon as you try to do two or three, you're diluting the page. You're diluting the number of times that you can reference each one. So that's where, in best practice.

is we're just choosing one. And then if we wanna build out like, I think the best way to do this is, if your primary business is Salt Lake City Family Portraiture that's the main focus for the homepage. And then I can build a second page that is Provo Family Portraits. And so I can specifically optimize that page for that secondary keyword, if that makes sense. So I wanna give you the basic structure. So this is the basic.

structure of a homepage, right? Or sorry, of a website. So your homepage is the central one where it kind of like links out to everything else. The menu pages, these are basically your secondary pages that are listed at the top of the menu of this website. And it links to pages like your portfolio, your pricing, your about, your blog, all those things. Okay, so these are your secondary layer. Then you have like tertiary, the third layer, which is like these are specific blog entries, specific case studies. They might be specific galleries.

All of those are another layer deep, right? And you can also have like, you know, resource pages can be another layer deep as well. The keyword structure is essentially this, where generally when it comes to the homepage, this is our primary keyword. So that primary keyword we created in step six, that's where this goes. Your primary keyword phrase belongs on your homepage. It's the broader term that we're looking to rank for, right? With menu pages, we're generally not.

not trying to rank for these. Like, I don't need your portfolio to rank. I don't need your pricing page to rank. I don't need your about page to rank. They might, they might pick up some traffic, but we're not trying to target specific keywords with those pages, right? So we're not really using keywords in these secondary pages. With tertiary pages, we're using our niche keywords. So these are resource articles, and your resource articles, by the way,

can be, I don't want to confuse you all. They can be like a, yeah, let's not worry about it. Like the URL structure can change a little bit where it's close to the homepage. Like I was, you know what? Let's just, let's just, we'll talk about, that's a more advanced thing. We'll talk about that a little later. Tertiary pages, your blog entries, those are gonna rank. Okay, your resource pages, those are gonna rank. And what we're trying to do is get niche keywords in those pages. For case studies, it might be like.

like brand portraits out of like Louisiana, right? We talked about, you know, elopements out of Paris, right? Those niche keywords is like how to elope in Paris or my favorite elopement locations in Paris. Those are niche keywords that are gonna do really well and that's what we're trying to rank for. Menu pages, I don't really care. We're not, none of these pages are pricing about even a general resource page. I don't really need the resource page to rank. I need the specific resources in.