from it and if the rest of your body and the rest of your copy follow suit with this, then it very likely will use it. But it tries to figure out what is the best title for this website for the end-user and it's gonna modify accordingly. Which means that we want to keep the title tag, want to keep it short and sweet, maybe include your primary keyword phrase and I kind of like the idea of including a short description there. So rather than just Los Angeles wedding photographer, if I were to modify this

day, right? It would be, well, Seattle's Best Natural Light Wedding Photographer, right? Because I already have Lin and Jirsa right here. It's already serving up my name of my business and my website right there, so why be redundant? Why waste the title tag space with our name again, right? I'd rather give them a brief description of what it is that I do or where I might do it. So, epic puppy portraits. So, even epic puppy portraits would be enough, but if there's...

there's a particular area that you serve, then epic puppet portraits in Boston or serving Boston. Salt Lake City family portraits. I would love like organic Salt Lake City family portraits. Let's get descriptive about it. So when someone sees it, because again, remember, we want the person that sees it to have a reason to click it. That's the whole idea here. And the change that we made, so Tim Eirich, he recently posted in the Facebook group, he said his click-through rate went from 0.7.

to 1.8, okay? I want you to give you guys an idea of that. 0.7 to 1.8. Now, that sounds like Tim Post, he's like, well, I guess there's a 1% improvement on the click-through rate on Google, so that's a win, I guess. And I'm like, dude, you don't understand how big that is. Because 0.7 to 1.8, this is a net difference of 1.1. So 0.7 divided by 1.1, or probably the other way around, let's go 1.1.

divided by 0.7. Mother tutter. Okay, that represents 158% improvement in click-through rate. All we did, all I told him was, Tim, we wanna make sure that the title is something unique, like cinematic wedding photography out of this. Like say something that describes a little bit more of what it is so that people have a reason to click it, a reason of why it's different from somebody else. His click-through rate.

By 150%, now for context, that means instead of, if he got 100 impressions, instead of seven clicks, he would be getting 18 clicks. That's massive. That's 150% improvement. And those little tiny 1% differences make a huge difference at the end of the day. Because if now, out of 1,000 views, I'm getting, instead of 70, I'm getting 180 click-throughs on my website.

If my website converts 5% of those, whoops, I didn't mean to shrink that. If my website converts 5% of those, that's almost 10 leads now. And previously, if I was converting 5% of 70, that would have been what, three leads? So this is the net difference that these things make and that's why we wanna really work on those things, okay? So this is a big one, update the title tag. Next is update the meta description. This is a hundred.

five characters to describe what your page is about and it shows right below the title. Okay, there is no direct SEO benefit in this. So what you want to write here is something to get people to click. Okay again, I'm showing you like what our old stuff was so I can tell you I wouldn't do this. Now what I would do now is say like something relating directly to our clarified message. So if your clarified message is, you know, Adventure Portraits, I create Epic Adventure Portraits.

for couples in love, then that's what I would put here. Epic adventure portraits from an award-winning photographer based out of this location. That information that's gonna get them to click. So I want you to think of the clarified message and adjust here. And again, this is an ideal thing. So we're hoping that it selects it, but it's still gonna read the rest of our website, the rest of our homepage to try to understand like, okay, is the title and the meta description actually accurate based on what else I'm seeing on this page? All right.

Oh, these are the two things that we adjust first, okay? So again, if you're wondering, how do I adjust this? Then we grab this and let's go to here and I'm gonna say, how do I adjust the title on my website? Oh, on my, let's say, let's say Squarespace.

How do I adjust the homepage title on my Squarespace website? Cool, changing the homepage title. That title appears at the top of the tab. Results on a Squarespace involves editing SEO settings. Here's how you do it, okay? There it is, SEO title settings, boom. Now, what I want you to understand is this. So I used Tim as an example. So let me pull up Tim's website. Okay, this is that title tag. So you see at the top, cinematic wedding.

photography from Tucson, that's what we adjusted. So simply adding some description to this, 150% improvement. But guess what? This is also in line with everything you see on this page. Tucson wedding photographer visually arresting his call to action. Look, cinematic wedding photography for couples who value passionate and artistic storytelling. If Google grabbed this for the meta description, would that be okay? Yes. I'm so freaking lootly, right? If it.

grab something down here for it. Absolutely, what we wanna do is make sure that the entire homepage is designed in a way where it matches the meta description and matches the title description. But hey, if AI or Google or whatever says they wanna pull something else from my homepage, that's gonna be relevant too. That's what we're aiming to achieve. So that one change, and I hope Tim sees this so that he's like, oh, that was actually a big deal. Making that small change made a massive difference because now, like this.

Next is where, if we go back to that idea, do you all remember when I said trying to market without a website that can convert views into leads? This is like leaky bucket syndrome, right? We're basically catching water with a bucket full of holes. What I want you to understand in that is you're seeing here now, if I have to generate a hundred views to get me...

seven clicks versus 100 views to get me 18 clicks. Okay, let's translate that. So if I convert 5% of those into actual leads, right? Well, if I get close to 20 clicks, I'm gonna get one lead, which means from 100 views, I'm now getting one lead, as opposed to previously from 100 views, I was getting zero leads. I would have had to generate, let's see, uh, we need do that.

In order to be around 250 views to get one lead, right? This is what I mean by you're working twice as hard for half the money, because if you have to generate three, four, five times more views to get the same number of leads, then that's how much more I have to be grinding on social media, grinding in every aspect of my business to get more eyeballs as opposed to simple changes in conversion rates, oh, now my website can move.

or views into leads better. Holy shit, now I only have to do, now instead of doing three posts, I can do one, and it gives me the same number of leads. Does that make sense? If you make these changes across the board, these little tiny adjustments, you go from having to post 10 different posts on social media to get one lead or to get one client, to one to one. This is the difference that we're talking about.

Okay, and yes, Karen made a great point right there that I think is worth bringing up is that your brand strategist can actually help with all of this. So that's why we have the brand strategist created because at any point in time you can go back to your brand strategist and say, let's actually do that now. Hey, with what you know about my business, and I'm not gonna worry about drift, it'll probably drift because it has so much, but give me a short meta description.

for my website, okay. So at any point you can come back to this. Oh, it actually got it right this time. Okay, Northernest is a Paris-based elopement and destination photography studio. So would I take this exactly? No, I would make adjustments. I would say raw and emotional love stories for couples who value connection over tradition. And I might say Paris-based elopement capturing raw and emotional love stories for couples who value connection over tradition.

because I don't need to say North and Nest again, right? That's already described, they see that already. So we remove redundancies and we get something beautiful right from this, okay? So make sure that you're making adjustments to this as you go. All right. I love the foundation work you guys have been doing throughout these steps. I'm hoping you're seeing your efforts are paying off like now, how quickly we can start moving through this. So the next piece after.

you update your title tag and your meta description, right? This is your headers. This isn't really a big deal. Most of the time you're not even adjusting the code on this, you're just doing this visually, right? Most websites now we're just typing in things visually, but I want you to still know the terms. Whenever you hear the term H1, it's just talking about the primary header of a website, and H2 is a secondary header, and H3 is a third level header. An easier way to kind of like understand this,

idea I almost feel like is just to go, I'm just gonna pull up a, sorry, not Google Analytics, let's go to Google Drive, okay? And this is a very easy way just to understand website structure in general. All I'm gonna do is pull up a Google document and I'm gonna type in, this is the title of my document. And guess what, I'll highlight this and I go up to the styles and I select title. Okay, this is the title of my document. And then I go, this is the first important.

thing I want you to see. That's my second layer. And I go, now that's my heading number one, okay? This is the next thing I want you to read. And we go heading number two. And I go, okay, this is a sub point under this next thing that you just read. And I go heading number three. And do you see how in the organization right here?