and then linking it to your verifying your domain or your website through it, okay? So I gave you common instructions or instructions for common platforms right here. They're all linked up. Again, the AI prompt is very simple. You know, if your platform is not in there, you're simply gonna go towards AI and you're gonna say, how do I set up Google Search Console? And you might say for on Wix, okay? Usually most of these platforms that are significant are gonna have their own.

instruction sets too. But this is the easiest, you know, again, you got your full set of instructions right here. Once it's done, you're good to go and that's it. Okay, so pause here. Let's get that done. Get your website verified. And if you'd like to do a bonus, you can also add Bing webmaster tools if you'd like. Bing still does get, you know, a decent amount of search volume. If you don't wanna do this, that's okay too. You can focus just on Google. But I've included that as just kind of a bonus step. If there's any other searches.

If you want to include two, that's fine. But Instruction for Common Platforms are right there. Again, you have the AI prompt. Go ahead and at least at a minimum, let's do Google Search Console. If you'd like the bonus, hit Bing as well. Okay, so next piece, Google Analytics. These are kind of the two tools that we need to have. So why analytics? Well, Search Console is just your search views, right? Whereas Google Analytics is all views in depth. It's also gonna give you ideas in terms of like how we're acquiring these views, where they're coming in from.

it'll give us ideas in terms of engagement, like what they're doing on our website, right? So this makes it very valuable as a tool and it gives us a bit of, honestly, you can do most of the things you wanna do probably from Google Analytics. So if you just wanna stay in one, I would say spend most of your time in Google Analytics. But what we're really looking at here is under the left side, when you install, you'll notice that there's this little report icon right there, so you click that, it'll bring open the report view. And under.

Acquisition, we have this overview. Now, what's really useful is kind of looking down at the bottom right, you'll see organic search results, direct results, so direct is like somebody going into Google and basically like typing your name, or there, actually that probably shows up as search results. A direct result is them actually like typing in your URL. It might actually factor, like if someone types into Google Leningrad and it serves up, maybe that does include that as well. But search results is organically direct as.

they already know about you, they're coming directly to you. Referral or links from other websites, right? And then we have organic social, organic video. You'll notice that we don't really do much on social for like our lineages of website. So this will give you an idea of what things are having an impact, and that's very useful. Like you're gonna start seeing results in organic search, that's fantastic. What about referrals? Like what about getting our website onto other pages, getting vendors to link over to us? And the other.

I would say the two most useful things is organic search and organic social. Because this is gonna give us a gauge of those immediate marketing efforts, how many people are coming over from social, which is gonna be a good piece too. And also tell you where they're coming in from. There's other demographical information here, but I think the most useful thing is just knowing where they're coming in from. And then beyond that is kind of what they're engaging with, right? So this will give you, you can extend the report duration. So this is like the last 30 minutes of saying like, okay, there was.

these users on this side of the page or whatever. But I would probably extend it out to like a 30 day view at least and try to look at which pages that they're on. Because again, whatever pages that they're showing up on, those are the pages we wanna make sure are set up well so that they can see what, get the information they're looking for, but then go, hey, this person's a photographer, they do what I need and I'm gonna reach out to them. So we need to have relevant calls to action there. This is honestly really the 80% of the bread.

butter in the SEO game. It's just creating good SEO content and then making sure that wherever people are landing on the website, it's set up in a way that we can convert views into leads. That's it, that's all of it in kind of a nutshell, okay? So this is probably the two views that you're gonna spend the most time on. The other thing that can be interesting, a full listing of pages and information on views and engagement, is under engagement, you have this pages and screens view, okay? And this is where it'll give you each page and you can sort by number of views.

Use again to see like which pages do I need to really focus on optimizing because people are spending a good amount of time in these pages. They're clicking it quite a bit. So let me make sure that those pages lead into my contact me page, my funnels. Let me make sure I have a lead magnet on those page. All those things are gonna apply, okay? All right, so let's set up Google Analytics. Again, very simple. I've given you a common set of instructions or set of, I gotta get that right. And if you have any questions, just how do I set up Google Analytics on.

whatever platform and you'll get a full set of instructions to set up and verify that. So pause here if you haven't already make sure Google Analytics is installed and then let's continue. So this is where I want to show you a bit more in depth the example I was talking about like why do we need analytics right. So the the idea here is to remember something we talked about before when we were building out the website and I kept reminding you like like let's optimize the home page let's get things set up well but let's remember that most people are not going to be

entering your website through the homepage. Like the direct traffic, that little small number that I showed you guys before, where was it? Up here. This direct traffic, these people are probably landing on the homepage, right? But most of it, you'll notice it's like, what is it, 18,000 to 2,000, right? So it's like, it's close to 10 to one. People are coming through other means, which means they're not landing on the homepage so they don't get an idea of who exactly we are or what we do. In fact, if they're looking up something

general like Indian wedding traditions, they might not even be looking to like get married. Maybe they're looking for information, maybe they're looking for inspiration. So we need to make sure that we tell them what our website is, what we do, and kind of link up that process, right? So they're gonna come through search and primarily referrals. So our goal here is to make sure that wherever they land, you have a short little introduction, you have a call to action. We want this at the top and at the bottom of the page.

and analytics will tell you the order of priority of which pages you need to revise first, right? But the example here is this. So if you land on Linenjursa and under Terranea Resort Wedding, this is one of the pages that we have set up to capture anybody that wants ideas for getting married or having a wedding at Terranea Resort. So when you land on this page right here on the side, you can put this on a sidebar, you can put it on your main, however you design it is totally fine. But it just says about Linenjursa, it gives a little bit of a clarity.

verified message since 2008, request a quote, very simple. If we were not running a associate model where we have a number of different people that we send out, I would personalize this. If it was just me, I would say, hey, my name is Pi. I might even have a video there where I kind of say, welcome to my website. This is what I do. And this is what I like to help clients with. If you're looking for something, if you want more information, ideas,

Now, why don't you click the button below and I'll hop on a call with you to give you ideas or get a free consult. Obviously, that was a bunch of bullshit. I was just spewing. But you get the point as far as what we want there is something that's personable and it gets them to click the button. You can make that a lead magnet. You can make it like, hey, my name is Pi. I'm a wedding photographer. I've been doing this for quite some time. And so I actually compiled a guide to help you get the most from your wedding day and planning, especially from a photography side. So click the link below. You can download it. It's completely free.

free, it's just a resource that I want you to have. That works too, right? It can be a lead magnet that you have there, but we need to have something there, something at the top and the bottom. So Tom has a great one, so this is on Mott Photography. Tom is one of our examples that we've been using and one of our alumni, and look at, whenever you scroll any page, so this is his page on how to build a perfect wedding timeline, right? And I want you to apply this to whatever niche that you're in, so we'll talk about that in just a second. But when you land here, shortly after you land.

and a little pop-up comes up, and it says 10 things to know while planning your wedding. From timelines to trust, here's what really matters, and you put in your information, and boom, there's a lead. We wanna make sure that each of these pages that people are entering and clicking in on have some form of call to action to actually convert the view into a lead. Otherwise, these views that we're gaining are just kind of of no purpose. Now, what can these things be for other niches? I think you already have some good examples of that. That's what we're doing.