Let's dive in. So optimizing your website. By and large, most of the stuff that we cover inside of this module are gonna be things that are really kind of a one-time nature. So kind of once you've optimized your landing page, your homepage for your website, those aren't really things that you need to do again unless you say, for example, you might switch niches or let's say that you try to pivot or do something. At that point, you would. But if we know what we're focusing in on, the things that we're gonna be doing here is really kind of a one-time.

thing. And then what we will do is carry forward the principles into each of the additional pages that you create. So the topics that we're going to be discussing, the pain points specifically, is like well how do I SEO my website? That sounds weird as a verb by the way, but search engine optimized. How do I optimize my website for SEO? Which analytics and tools do I need? How do I get those installed? What do I do with my primary keywords? We kind of laid out that content roadmap, our strategy in the last module.

What do I do with those? The primary, the niche keywords. We'll discuss site maps. How do you submit them? We'll discuss how do you optimize your landing page and by landing page I mean your homepage. There is a sales and paid ad version word that we use called landing pages and that's a little bit different. What we're really talking about is your homepage of your website. And then how do you improve optimization kind of throughout? So we're going to dive through this. The beauty, well, you're going to see the beauty.

is that this gets to be a lot quicker than it was last time in v1. So this is going to be fast paced. It's designed to be simple to get you to the exact place you want to go. Pause, implement, repeat. Honestly, in this section, it's really just pause, implement. There isn't a need to repeat. If you do want to reference something down the road, then fine, but we are going to go quickly. And as always, between sessions, remember that you have the mentorship group. Great place to ask questions, to seek advice, feedback from peers, to network. A huge...

part of the value in this community is just each other. So get out, meet each other, talk to each other, develop relationships. It's also a fantastic place to share your wins, your aha moments, as well as anything if you are struggling with something, if you need a little pick me up, post there too. We are there for each other. All right, let's jump in to the first lesson. The first thing that I'm going to say is this little reminder to not go too far down this rabbit hole. And what I mean is, is basically the word.

In the world of AI and search engine optimization, there's a kind of a term that's being thrown around like literally right now called AEO, which kind of stands for AI Engine Optimization, as if like, it's like search engine optimization, but for AI. Really, it's identical, okay? AI is pulling information from SEO. So AI, every whatever app you're using, is gonna be pulling from information that's readily available. So it's a great buzzword, but really it's all the same, okay?

What we need to do is design a website that is optimized to be searched, to be indexed. Now previously it just used to be by search engines. Now it's going to be indexed by AI, by different apps, all sorts of stuff. But what I want you to understand is by and large we're still following all the principles of SEO which I don't think are really going to ever go out of practice. But what we are going to see is that the world of SEO is going to change dramatically over the years.

these next several years. It's why I want you to focus on the basics of this because you're gonna get 80% of your result by just focusing on essentially the basics. So remembering the 80-20 rule, trying to like go beyond this, go down the rabbit hole, is not gonna be worth it, especially in a space that is changing so rapidly. So let's focus in on the basics. And what that means is, I don't want you to get lost in the weeds of this, okay? I want you to be flexible, I want you to be.

ready to adopt new marketing strategies. And I'd rather, I'm gonna give you the basics. If you want to go beyond those things, that's okay. But I do feel personally as your coach to remind you that that was my job to remind you that there are many more important things than just focusing on one aspect of marketing. 10 years ago, SEO could be your entire marketing strategy and it was fine, it would work. Today, I don't believe that's any longer the case. With AI.

with the fact that search engines are sending out less traffic, AI is sending out virtually no traffic, SEO has to be a part of our marketing strategy, not the entire thing. And I think there's a lot more valuable areas for you to spend time on after you've gotten the basics going as far as your website, okay? So our primary goals here is really about the basic optimization side. Your focus is to get your analytics up, to submit your site map. We're gonna make sure that your site is error-free, like on a major error side.

We're going to optimize your landing page. We're going to create optimized content. This will be something we're doing over time. And then I want you to track results. This is really kind of the basic premise of this and how far I would like for you to go, unless you're really just passionate about SEO. All right, let's jump into the next lesson. Okay, so if you are a WordPress user, this video is for you. If you're not a WordPress user, you can skip this because we're going to talk about what you need to install. But for WordPress users.

You're gonna install Sitekit, okay? The beauty about this V2 version of all of this, by the way, is that now I'm gonna show you guys how to use basically chat GPT or whatever AI you like as kind of your ultimate tech support buddy, okay? I think a lot of you already know how to do this, but it makes it so we can make these videos that much shorter and just let you get right to doing something. The instructions don't need to be as long. But what is Google Sitekit? So this is the official WordPress plugin by Google.

Google for, I just said that, WordPress. All right, so basically it's just a plugin in the back end and what it's gonna do is from WordPress, it's gonna install both Google Analytics as well as Google Search Console, okay? These are the two plugins that I'm gonna help you guys to install, the two kind of must-haves to basically follow your analytics and track what's going on. The nice thing with WordPress is that it comes in one plugin, you basically set it up and you get both. It automatically kind of does everything. It cements it.

It's really nice what it does. So what it will do for you inside of WordPress is basically pull your kind of basic analytics right into the WordPress console. So from the same place that you're using to say, you know, adjust pages on your website or even like, you know, blog, some of you might be using ShowIt and you're using, with ShowIt, you might be using WordPress as the blog control, right? So what it allows you to do is to see analytics directly from your WordPress backend. How do you...

Install it. This part, we gotta keep it short and simple. So look, the installation is right here. If this ever changes, I have a solution for you. But I'm not gonna walk through all this because it's so pretty straightforward. You log in, you go to the plugins, you enter SiteKit, you follow the instructions to install, and then you basically just verify. So you log into Google Search Console and Analytics, make sure the account is basically added. And if the SiteKit doesn't set it up automatically, you can set it up manually. And that's what we're gonna be doing next is I'll be.

Talk about that. But this is the thing I want you to remember. You have this built-in technical support, this technical bestie that I'm referring throughout this entire module, where anytime you have a question, we're gonna go jump right over here. And if you haven't been using AI for this, you're missing out, okay? One of my favorite uses of AI is just to simply go to it and ask for help. So how do I install Google Site Kit onto my WordPress website?

Okay, you don't really need to give it any more than that because the hosting and all that kind of stuff. But if you do have a question like how do I install WordPress with my host, you type that in. And it literally is gonna give you the instructions. They're gonna be up to date and it's gonna work for you, okay? At any point in time, if you ever have a question about this this is probably the best go-to. So rather than posting even, it's funny, I went back to the slides and I was like, actually with all the pause here slides, I'm like, if you have questions on this.

Honestly, just ask the GPT. It's gonna give you better answers than any group could. So, pause here. If you have WordPress, go ahead and get Google Site Kit installed and then continue from there. Okay, so now let's talk about Google Search Console, just basically getting them set up. So Google Search Console, and then we're gonna talk about Google Analytics next. So if you don't have WordPress, you're just basically gonna set these up manually. Or if you already have set these up manually, that's fine too. Maybe.

you're using WordPress and you set these up manually already and you're like, well, do I need to install SiteKit? Not really, but what SiteKit allows you to do though is just to see those analytics inside of the WordPress backend. So however you get to the information, it really doesn't matter, but you just need the information, okay? So if you're not using WordPress, let me just show you what we're gonna do. I'm also gonna walk through Google Search Console as well. Let's talk first about why we want to be using this, okay? So what we're gonna be doing with Search Console.