Los Angeles rooftop wedding, playful engagement session with a couple of piggybacking in Griffith Park. This is where you literally just describe it. So once again, I'm gonna tell you, I don't know how relevant these two things are gonna be as we move forward in this like AI world where they can just scan and generate their own. But I think for the time being, it's still worth doing. If I, when I find out otherwise, I'll let you know, like, hey, let's not worry about that anymore because AI is handling all of that. But for the time being, it's still worth doing this, I would say on resource articles on major.

your pages on your website, your homepage, pages that you want to rank. I'd probably say on blog entries, if you just wanna batch name them based on one single description, that's fine. Like save time on that side so you don't have to do that with a ton of them. And yes, there is, I wouldn't go back through all of your images. Like if you already have websites up and everything, I might do this on pages that I want to rank well. Like specifically.

this Terranea Resort wedding page, where I'm like, I want this for all these to pull up for Terranea Resort. Yes, I might do it for a page like this, where there's only like 15 to 20 images on that page. I would not be doing this and going back through blog entries and stuff. Do not waste your time on something like that. Okay, the next step is, again, another ideal is that the images that we build into the website, that they're surrounded by a bit of relevant copy, right? Search engines, they kind of use.

use the text around the image to get context of what you're saying and what that image is. So just understand that. Do you have to? No, but that is a useful piece. And then step five for optimizing for imagery is kind of an optional one. If possible, if you can implement lazy loading on your website, this is helpful. What this does is it makes it so that your website only loads as you scroll down. So basically stuff that's below the fold only loads as you move. I don't believe Linen Jersey uses lazy.

loading we just optimize but this is an option that that can further improve optimization a little bit not a must but if your website host or the the platform that you're using if they offer this option then then turn it on this is a useful thing uh for sure okay and that is it when it comes to kind of image optimization so let's stick with the basics hopefully that all makes sense do not go back through and and do this with like blog entries and whatnot and if you want to save time with blog

entries as you move forward, I wouldn't worry about giving it other than like just give everything a single description export. Um, that's fine. I would spend the time to do this on like a resource page, a page that I really want to rank or images that I really want to show up in Google search. Okay. And another, another reason why like it's not necessarily worth doing this over a blog is because if I want something to show up in Google search, I want it to be an image that I I'm genuinely proud of. Like a lot of images that go on your blog.

they're gonna be good, but they're storytelling. They're placed in there to kind of help aid the story. On their own, they don't really make that much sense, right? So if you have this shoe shot, and you SEO tag it, and you do all these things, and someone searches for a wedding at this location, your shoe shot shows up, that's not necessarily gonna be something that they really care about, right? It's not necessarily gonna draw them in. So that's why I'm saying on a blog entry, this isn't necessarily as important.

Because we don't really want every single one of those images to show up But on a resource page when we're choosing like solid images for each one of these those are places We're like, oh, yeah, we'd love for these to show up in search Okay Okay how to further optimize so a couple other things that can help improve overall SEO The first is internal linking. So this is just one area of your website that links to another of your website this is why we say like

Any of the really big important pages on your website should be able to be found from your menu. Meaning, if we go to, let me just pull this up. If we go to the LinenJersa website, right? We have a lot of different resource pages and venue pages that we want to rank. So those need to be linked up. They don't have to be like directly linked, but they need to be linked up through a structure from the menu. Anything that's important, we should be able to find from the menu.

you anything with like secondary importance we should at least be able to find from like say a footer right so between those two we should be able to find everything on the website so internal linking is pretty huge notice the things that are really important we send links to them right at the top of the website so if you click here and you go wedding venues all these wedding venues we're sending a lot of link juice to these these pages we're basically if you think about it again structurally right from the form of like a document anything that's at the top of

the document, it should be more important than the rest, right? What we're doing in a menu is basically creating the outline for the document. And we're saying, this is what you should be looking at. So if I want these pages to be an important part of a search engine, then, then those get built onto my menu at some, in some way, you'll notice that like in client resources or under resources, we have favorite vendors. We have wedding timeline. We have FAQs, we have client resources, wedding timeline had its own. I believe Chris did this because it was a strong.

enough page on its own that he wanted to give more link juice to. So instead of putting it under client resources as just another page, he built it onto like the main menu. Like so this is wedding photography timeline, ideal times for wedding, for your photography. So just understand that as you send, and when I use the term link juice, what I'm kinda saying is like, whether it's an internal link, like you show, you send, you have a menu link at the top

goes to another page, or whether it's an external link, somebody that is referring to your website, right? Think of each of these as like a little bit of link juice is sent in that direction. And what that means is, is search engines kind of treat that as like a bit of a referral. It's like someone saying, hey, you should check this person out. Hey, you should check this thing out. You're lending a little bit of your credibility to that recommendation. And so that's what I am saying in terms of link juice, right?

And this is, by the way, as long as it's a follow link, because there is, someone can link to you and they can mark it as a nofollow, which means I'm gonna, this is a person that does this, but I can't, you know, I can't stand for what they might do, their quality, anything like that. This is just somebody that does that. So a nofollow link doesn't give you any link juice. It has no benefit whatsoever. But anything that is a follow link does, even when it's an internal link, you're telling a search engine, hey, this page is important. So.

We need to understand that and have a good internal linking structure with your page and you're going to kind of build this over time as you come up with resources. Maybe you start putting in like like let's say we looked at Tom's photography. OK so let's say we're scrolling down here right and and Tom's got a page that he wants to rank and actually I don't think Tom has it yet. Let's go to Jesse and down because they do have one example. These are former.

alumni, Jesse and Dallin, you guys have seen quite a bit, I pull them up. So they have a resource page and what you can do is like you build out these resources and as you're like, hey, this is an important page I want to reference, you create a section of your home page where it's like you scroll down and it's planning your wedding and these are specific guides and sections that they have. Click here for more tips. This is their resource section and their blog, right? So this internal linking structure is used.

use to kind of navigate, not only help the user figure out things that are important to them, but to also help a search engine know like what else is important on my site, okay? Helps your audience and it helps the search engine navigate from one area to another. Okay, I think we kind of covered what that is. So all you're gonna do is from your landing page, just make sure that you're directly linking to any important secondary or tertiary pages by adding the direct link to your menu or adding links within your landing page and copy whenever it's.

helpful, relevant, so that was an example of that was here, where we had the landing page here and we added relevant links down below. And then including additional links within your footer, that's optional. So let's see, they don't have any on theirs, but we have some on ours, like inside of our footer for other things. But the main thing here is that when we design out the menu, notice that they have for brides and grooms. This is essentially like their experience and resource page, right? As I scroll here.

I see their experience how they're different and then I have this whole wedding resources and advice So you don't need to have every single thing Linked up on the menu what it needs to be is like well I have a page that's kind of my hub for all of these other resources and I link to that in the menu Okay So just kind of keep that in mind as you're doing that But this is very useful making sure that they can access those things directly from the menu. It's a big thing for improving overall optimization

Alright, I'm going to pause here and jump to the next lesson. So the rest of this is really if you want to go a little bit deeper down this rabbit hole. I would say everything from this point and on is kind of optional and I'm placing this reminder again here that remembering the 80-20 rule to capitalize on this additional 20% you could be spending hundreds of hours. To get 80% of the benefit of SEO, it doesn't take much time at all.