If you click on any of your Google Docs, by the way, it'll show you your tab structure. What we're doing is not just, it's not just showing hierarchy to this, it's actually an organized method of browsing the document, right? It's a full outline. And it's a clickable outline. So if I actually pulled up something that was a little bit more in depth, let me just, okay, I'm gonna grab, this is my, one of my consulting.

and clients I'm working with. I can use this to kind of move around. This is what a sitemap is. It's just a document that tells Google where everything is on a website. But this is also what an individual web page is. Like an individual web page is just designed in a way where it's like, this is the first thing I want you to see. This is the next thing I want you to see. And we use these silly terms. They're not silly, they're based on code and things that, you know, the organization method of it. We use these terms.

And what I want you to recognize, these terms are anything crazy. They're not complicated. It's just an H1 is how you formatted in the past. I mean, it's still this way. It was because this is the way you would format it in HTML. It would go like this, H1. So everybody started calling them H1s. And now it became this big thing where people are like, holy shit. What are my H1s, what are my H2s, what are my H3s? No, again, all we're doing with a website or a web page, with each.

page that we create, we're creating an outline, a structure of how people read it, of how they interact with it. And how do we design that structure in a way that makes sense to them? Which means that in the past, I would have told you in the past, make your H1 Los Angeles wedding photographer. But I've been telling you, actually since I have version one of this last year, I was like, you really don't need to do that anymore. I would rather your H1 now be your clarified message. And then your H2, your secondary header right here.

to be your SEO title, right? Like if you wanted to be Los Angeles wedding photographer or Newport Beach newborn photography or Paris elopement or whatever that might be, I would make that the H2 now. And the reason is because search engines, they're incorporating a lot more intelligence than they used to. So whether something is an H1 or an H2, it's not gonna make a huge difference. Now, if you are old school and you wanna keep your H1 that way, I'm not gonna tell you not to, that's fine. But.

but I'm always focused on what would a person rather see first? To be honest, if I land on Leonard Gers' website, I'd rather see crisp, clean, different. I'd rather see a clarified message that isn't bullshit. But I'd rather see that than Los Angeles wedding photographer. Because that's a small and detail I can go right beneath it, right? So to me, it makes more sense to write for the end user. So this is that note. It's okay to make your clarified message, your H1 and your primary keyword phrase, the H2 at the top.

of your page that's fine and then as you go through the rest of it right as you go through the west of your page like like we had Tim's pulled up so let me just go back to that one sec I don't know why it doesn't give me the URL okay so we have to look at the the code to see which one of these is is what but right here this would be an h2 it should be an h2 right here meet Timothy is another this is either gonna be an h2 or an h3 right real love stories this is an h2 each section underneath it might be an h3

So all we're doing, each section is denoted by an H2. And we're only placing SEO keywords in those sections when it makes sense. Like here, let's chat. How insane would it be if he wrote, let's chat with a Tucson wedding photographer? That's complete bullshit and people wouldn't like that and so the search engine's not gonna like that. So you're always designing for people with the understanding of what helps.

the search engine to kind of like keep things organized. This is why I say H2s, they're written only for your audience. Include keywords only if they fit. Use H2s to guide the user experience. A page generally has only one H1, so you have one primary kind of title, and then you have as many secondaries you want, as many thirds as you want. That's totally fine. Okay, so we just want to make sure that that's how your pages are organized. You're not going to have to look in the code. I just wanted to give you an example of what it looked like.

like in the code, which I showed you guys as well, okay? So this next piece is just making sure that your headers are properly titled and making sure that it all makes sense. And then the next step is, well, the first paragraph should be this core message. This is the section that's right below the hero, ideally. Hopefully it's above the fold. And it's just a simple kind of SEO ready message on the template that I showed you guys earlier. This is that section, right? It's just right below the header. So I like an SEO.

SEO ready message there that can kind of expand the clarified message. And again, we can go right back to your brand strategist and say, okay, now I need a paragraph for the first section below my hero. I'd like it to be a little, like you can tell it what to give you, or you can just say, I'd like for you to create this but make it SEO ready.

Okay, and then you can use that to give you ideas. And instead of like, this is gonna give me one idea. So we believe love is best captured. So would I use it directly from this? No, of course not. But I like this, unposed, unscripted, and deeply felt. Like that could be a freaking clarified message by itself, right? Based in Paris, we specialize in elopement and destination. I don't know if I need to say that again if I,

you know, if we're going for that keyword, the primary keyword, like Paris photography, then maybe we do mention again just to include, you know, the Paris one more time in there. We specialize in a local destination wedding photographer for couples who choose adventure and authenticity. I want this to be more personalized, but at the same time, this is getting you ideas. And I can say, give me five more versions. And the more guidance you give it as far as what you'd like those versions to be, then the better, right? If.

If I'm gonna say, hey, I'm gonna put my portrait next to this and I want it to be a little bit of an intro to who I am as an artist and what I like to do, how we focus on our clients, it'll give you better output. So it kind of just depends on what you'd like the experience to look like, but we get five more ready messages. Okay, so we're building on the clarified message, we're writing to the target avatar, and we're making sure that we do not keyword stuff in this area, okay? Then the next step of SEO optimizing a homepage would be to pepper.

throughout in a natural way, your primary keyword phrase. Now, what I'm saying here, doesn't this apply to literally every single page you create on your website? Like if I create a page that's about, let's say tips, when to plan your newborn photography session, isn't your H1 when to plan your newborn photography session? And wouldn't your H2s just be the different points you're gonna make in that conversation?

And then wouldn't we also want like underneath the H1, we'd want like a little body of text that describes what we're gonna be talking about in this resource. It's all exactly the same thing, right? All we're doing, and that's why I like the Google document analogy, all we're doing is we're creating a document and organizing it with structure, that's it. Making it easy to navigate and to go back and forth. And you do this on your homepage, you do the.

exact same process on any other page that you create. So you pepper the page naturally with the keyword that you're using on that page. Because this is the home page, we're using the primary keyword. If it is a resource page, we use that secondary, the niche keyword that we're aiming for, right? Newborn photography tips, or planning a maternity session, or when to do a boudoir shoot, or whatever those terms, whatever those things.

are, the articles, the resources, the topics that are relevant, that's those keywords. So the last piece of this is to make sure that when we use images, that those images are also keyworded both in the file names and their alt descriptions. So what we want is, I'm going to give you a complete guide on this, actually this next one is literally this. So I won't go too deep into this, I'm just going to say that this is step seven, we want to make sure the file name.

has SEO-driven words, each separated with a hyphen, and then the alt tags. We can include a full description, and I'm gonna give you examples of that in just a moment. So that is optimizing a page in a nutshell. You're gonna do this once for your homepage, and if you make adjustments from time to time, that's totally fine, but you're gonna follow this same process of optimization for every additional resource you create. The beautiful thing is that ChatGBT and these websites, the website platforms, they're so.

easy to use now that you can do it all visually. And then the output that you're getting, if you're using the, the article creator that I've made for you, it already gives you H2s. That's already planned into it. So it's going to do a lot of the heavy lifting for you. One quick note. Let me jump back to this, uh, ChachiBD site. There are certain things that, that AI does that are very clearly AI. So again, I don't want you to ever take copy directly from this. I want you to make it yours, but I do want to give you a clue as to what some of those.

things are. The little EM dash, nobody uses these. Nobody uses those. This is a dead giveaway. Whether you're sending out an email to somebody, it doesn't matter what it is, anybody that uses AI knows that an EM dash is an AI generated response. Make sure you're taking out EM dashes from your stuff. The other thing is strange wording structure. Oftentimes, it's ... Let's see here if it gave me one.