We're talking like 5-10 hours and then maybe like 1-2 hours a week to get the 80% benefit. To capitalize on that additional 20%, this is now hundreds of hours a year that has to get dumped into this. That being said, maybe this is something you're really into. You enjoy the tech side of this, you want to further optimize, maybe this is your form of meditation because you're a psycho, I don't know. Any one of those things can work. A couple of just simple tools and you can find a lot of these tools.

What I would honestly do is, these tools are still very valid, but I would honestly go to ChatGPT and just say like, look, what are the best free tools to help me optimize my website? And it'll give you a list of the most current ones. But these are good ones that you can jump into for right now. So GTmetrix is one. It does a performance report. It'll tell you like your overall grade. Again, notice that for a website that generates millions of impressions, we have a C grade. So don't stress when you see this kind of stuff. What you'll do is, it'll give you kind of like the...

a layout of like the top issues, loading time, all that kind of stuff, okay? Pingdom is another one that will give you like a performance grade, tell you like what's going on. Each of them will have like a kind of a service too that you can like sign up for, but I wouldn't worry about this too much. So these will each give you, yeah, look, we still got a C on that too. Anyway, outside of what we've talked about, you know, like you can go deep into structural things and honestly.

If this is something that you wanted to do, I would recommend waiting until you have some revenue and just find someone to help you with SEO optimization over time. Someone that charges a few hundred bucks a month, a thousand bucks a month to do something like this. I just feel like there's so many other areas of your business that are more important than just wasting time in this area. Again, this is coming from us who, we spend a good amount of time on SEO, but we developed a multi-seven figure business and this is just one component.

of like our marketing plan. So there's a lot of other things outside of this. But look, optimization is mostly kind of the rules that we've talked about. Like your sitemap is loaded up to date, your website pages that can be indexed, you don't have broken links, you're not using dummy text within your website, you have proper titles, proper H1s, H2s, meta descriptions, each image has SEO file name and alt text, the pages are focused on one keyword phrase, that's really the 80%, that's it, okay?

So this site, SiteGuru, actually does give you, this is probably one of the nicer sites that I've used for kind of figuring out what's going on on a website. It'll give you an actual SEO to-do list. So it kind of says, okay, these are pages that you can improve meta descriptions on. You can optimize your sitemap here. You can make these pages indexable, fix broken links. There's 15 of those. These are probably worth fixing for sure. I don't know if like all the meta descriptions.

would be useful. There's 930. These are probably blog pages, you know, where like, do we really care whether those pages are indexed or not? Like, I get it. If we want those pages to be indexed, then yes, then not having a meta description would be a big deal. But if we don't care, then like 930 pages adjusting that, that's gonna take you a week. And is it worthwhile? You know, so again, I wanted to provide these tools and just show you that you can go deeper if this is something you really enjoy.

I will by no means, I will always defer. If you guys have, if you have questions that go deeper than what I've provided here, my expertise in SEO kind of lies at the 80% mark, like the things that I would do to make a big impact. And the funny thing is if I showed you this, I don't think I've pulled this up. This hurts my heart a little bit, but I'm gonna show it to you anyway. Where is it? Okay, here we go. So I don't think I told the story of this.

but I started this relationship coaching business back in 2021, ran it for about a year and a half. And so I was doing the SEO and all this stuff for it. This is where the website is right now. We still generate 6,300 total web searches, like total clicks, right, from this website. So currently, over the last few months, this is all work that was done quite some time ago. And if you look at the insights, let's just take a look. So impressions, 170,000 still, 2,000 clicks. Obviously, we have.

haven't published to this in over three years. And so the results are kind of going down. But it's funny that if this were still a valid business, if we were running this business, what we had done two, three years ago would still be bringing in reviews and results. And you won't see that with paid ads. With paid ads, you get results as long as you're paying for them. They're quick, they're instant, and if they're done well, they can be effective. But this is why, to me, paid.

Ads, just like SEO, just like referrals, just like everything else, this is one piece of a marketing plan, and a marketing plan should have multiple points. So if any one of these points fails, then our business is not dramatically affected, if that makes sense. But it's kind of fun to see that there's still things on there. But all of this work that I did on this, and we were getting, in our heyday, I don't even know if it shows it, there's half a million impressions.

for the last three months. I don't know how to go back to the previous, but when it was alive and kicking, we were getting a lot of views on these pages and we were getting leads literally on a daily basis and all I was doing was just the 80%. Like if you click on these links, the website is still up because we're actually in a lawsuit because the guys are fucking crazy. I can't talk about that. Can't talk about that.

Okay, I'm going to go here. So these are all just articles that I wrote with the exact same marketing plan that you guys have. The exact same approach and it just goes through and what does contempt look like? These are H2s, right? What is contempt in relationships? Oh, we have a video about that? Let's upload that video once it's done, but we create the articles first. It's literally the exact same steps that I'm teaching each of you. And guess what?

You land here, here's our lead magnet to releasing resentment. It's a 12-day guided program. Here's links to other articles. So it's all to show you, and there's a lead, a link to convert a view into a lead, right? Free 15-minute one-on-one coaching console. All of this is the same in every single business line. You're just trying to create meaningful resources, meaningful, full, something that's valuable.

Something that's inspiring, something that, that helps people along their client journey, and then you're just trying to write them in a way where they would show up in like a common search result. And generally we start by like looking for the topics that are searched and that's it. That whole thing, all the benefits of that were just from the 80%. And that's why I wanted to reiterate this at the end to show you like, I don't want you to get lost in the weeds of this. I feel like SEO should be one to two hours worth of your time.

I'm each week and it's following that top down structure, right? Like we create the first, the, the resource, the thing that stays at the top, and then we create all of our other content off of that as we go. Um, so that way you're getting all the benefits and you're not getting sucked into this, uh, kind of. This, this world, which really like, uh, I think Meredith's husband is actually one of our alumni, her husband, this is all they do, and this goes deep enough to be a career field. I don't feel like we need to get to that place to get.

the benefit from it. All right, that's it. I have one last lesson and let's jump to that. Okay, the last thing I'm gonna say is just be aware of major site changes. So one of the things that I say is anytime you are doing like a theme change, major theme changes, major website design changes, they can actually impact SEO. I mean, they can actually improve SEO. They could potentially also damage it depending on the features and the content inside of that theme.

So, if you're making like a lateral change, like in an ideal world, if you're going from one theme, like one website design to another, if the menu structure stays the same and everything is kind of like in its same place, then we call it a lateral change, meaning like theoretically you can switch those things out and there's no change in SEO. The problem is that most of the time when you switch a theme, you switch a design, the menu structure has changed.

a little bit. It's moved to a different place. You have a different footer. You have different things around. And so there can often be an impact in that process. Usually what I say, if you're at a place where like you've got something that's already good, like if your site, if your website is not generating any views, if you haven't focused on, on, you know, SEO and, and this isn't a thing, like you're not getting organic views, then who gives a shit, right? Who cares? Because you can make this change and nothing's going to happen. But if you've got a site that's generating.

and thousands of views a month, then what I would do is with any major overhaul is just grab an SEO expert to help consult on the process. And honestly, the easiest way is just to go to like, say, Fiverr or Upwork. Okay. I hate all the, those ads worked on me. So I would just go to Upwork or potentially go, did I not find, okay, this is the right site. They changed their, I hate it when they change their stuff again.

All right, let's just go Fiverr. And what you're gonna look for is just a person that can help with website migration. Okay, you can call it website migration, you can call it WordPress theme installation, but website migration is fine, we can go there. And you'll see a bunch of these will pop up, right? They're gonna migrate your thing from whatever to whatever, so the more.