side of that page to rank, if that makes sense, okay? I know this idea might be a little bit confusing. What I want you to take from this is basically primary keyword goes on the homepage and then all the other pages that we build out like in our blog, when we build out resource pages, we're focusing on niche keywords for those. And how many? Again, we're generally only focusing on one keyword phrase per page. That's it, okay? We're gonna try to rank for one. So, one question that.

that came up is, so one page in my case can be maternity and another page can be newborn. Yes, this is a great one for those of you that are considering having other types of services available, right? One of the things that I've been saying throughout the program is, look, your homepage should be the primary keyword that you focus in on. Let's say that your primary service is newborns, but you also wanna be able to do maternity portraits, you also wanna do delivery, you also wanna do.

slash, you know, uh, delivery, like, like, like post delivery portraits, right, whatever the keyword phrase might be that people are searching for. I can make a page dedicated to that topic. And then I can talk specifically about that thing and get people to come over and find me for that thing. So you're not limited in this case. And this is where I've, I've, I've been saying quite a bit, like, I want you to niche down and focus on one thing and recognize you can always build another page to focus.

is on a different keyword without muddying the water as far as what you do, right? So I can build that page for the delivery portraits. I can build another page that's for maternity portraits based out of whatever area that I want, or it can be just maternity portrait tips. It could be, I can do this nonstop, okay? And that's where it's important to understand how we can keep clarity in our overall brand and messaging.

while still picking up on other service lines. All right, hopefully that makes sense. Let's jump to the next one. Okay, so how do we optimize a landing page or a homepage for SEO? And again, I probably should have just said homepage, but this really applies to kind of like what we're about to talk about applies to any page that we wanna optimize on our website. Okay, remember when it comes to the homepage of your website, you're aiming for the primary.

So that's going to be a broader keyword generally that's going to take more time to rank for. But it's the same set of steps that we're going to follow on all the other pages we create as well. So what we want to first avoid is any techniques. This is an old school term, but I think it's still valid. They used to call it black hat techniques. Black hat techniques is doing things that are specifically designed to kind of take advantage of an algorithm, to take advantage of a search engine.

And these are techniques that not only is Google, Bing and every other platform good at detecting, they will get you potentially banned. So what these concepts are is like keyword stuffing. That's probably one of the biggest ones is keyword stuffing or building up links that like don't even matter. You know, trying to do things that are just kind of like strange, right? Keyword stuffing is by far the worst culprit, not because it's maybe, it's not the most insidious of them. It's just.

it's the easiest mistake to make. We go, oh, I'm a newborn photographer and so I'm gonna put newborn photographer throughout all of my copy on my landing page, right? And so you don't realize that this is actually a black hat technique, you're just like trying to get Google to know that I'm a newborn photographer. And so we stuff it inadvertently and the important thing to remember here is that you're writing for a person, not for a search engine. So if it sounds weird to you, hey, I'm a newborn photographer.

based out of Orange County and if you're looking for newborn photography then I'm the place to go because I'm a newborn photographer with eight years of experience and you don't want to go to other newborn photographers because they have less experience that is keyword stuffing so if it sounds weird to read out loud you are most definitely being flagged for not writing good copy so I'm giving you an example of this anytime we write copy right the examples are here's a bad example welcome to our Los Angeles wedding

photography website. We started our Los Angeles wedding photography studio in 2008, and we specialize in capturing emotional, beautiful wedding photos primarily for Los Angeles couples who are getting married and having wedding photos. But we also service Orange County wedding photography clients, so if you need wedding photography, that's bad. This, you're going to get flagged, you're going to get dinged, don't do it. A good example, welcome to Linnanjursa, Los Angeles wedding photographers. We started our wedding photography studio in 2008. While our studio is based in Orange County, we work with wedding clients.

throughout Southern California and all over the world. Okay, we know that we're targeting Los Angeles wedding photographers. Here, if we had a secondary, we're kind of hoping that maybe it picks us up for Orange County as well. But notice that we're not stuffing it just with this one keyword phrase over and over and over. But we have mentioned wedding photography one more time. We've also said weddings here. It's written in a natural way. Now, an even better example is welcome to Lin & Jersa award-winning Los Angeles wedding photographers. Since 2008, our team has captured.

timeless weddings with a blend of artistry and storytelling. While we're based out of Orange County, we proudly serve clients around the world. So I'm not even trying to, I'm not even, I'm not even trying to stuff more than one usage of my phrase into here. It's just one and then I'm writing to the audience, right? And again, the more personal your brand, I think the better. So the more you can make it, you know, this is an associate brand that we're kind of giving an example of. So the more you can make it personalized and hey, I want to welcome you.

You know, my name is this, the better. Keep your writing very, uh, designed for the person reading it, not for the search engine and keep in mind too, that on your entire home page, right, you've got a lot of space to be able to say those things over to be able to use the keywords. So use it in a natural way. All right. Now, some, I know of you are kind of thinking like raising your hands, like, Oh, I'm.

I'm guilty of this, no worries, just make the adjustment quick because this is one that gets you flagged very fast. Yeah, okay, another quick thing that is easy to, one of my favorite ways of just thinking about search engine optimization and how a search engine works, right, is to realize that the entire, before AI was a thing, Google and Bing and every one of them, AltaVista, do you remember?

All of them were trying to design an algorithm that worked like a person. It basically helped people to find the best solutions for them. So since AI has been developed, it's that much more effective at it. So what I like to think about in this optimization is that if it's good for the user, if I'm making my page easier for them to understand,

more simple, easier to navigate, I'm, I'm following good SEO practices. If I'm making things difficult to understand a little bit hard to read, copy isn't that great. Then I'm following bad SEO practices. A search engine is ultimately designed to get people what they want to see. If you are creating things for people and what they want to see, you're already doing.

the things that you should be doing. From there, it's just about kind of crossing some T's and dotting some I's to make sure that everything else is in place. So what does that mean in practice? That means like if you have areas where the font is difficult to read, like you're using a cursive font or a scripted font over a large section, you're going to get slammed. If you put a dark font over a dark background, you're going to get slammed. It's difficult to read, right? Or a light font over a light background.

background, that was one of the other big issues that people would do is they'd be like, Oh, I'm going to put this thing at the bottom of my website. It's just going to be white on white. So white text over white. So nobody can see it, but I'm going to stuff it with keywords, man. Every one of these techniques that people used got them blown up in these search engines, like blown up in a bad way. Like they get removed. So think of it from that side. Like optimization is really about optimizing for the end user, not for a particular search engine. Okay. If you ever get stuck.

you can use this to kind of help you out. So I'm giving you a little prompt. So how do I modify the blank section on my website platform? Because what we're gonna do is I'm gonna show you just to optimize certain things on your homepage of your website, okay? So the first thing is updating your title tag. The title tag is an HTML element that appears at the top of the browser tab and ideally in search result previews. So when you go to Google and you type in and you get a response, the title tag is.

ideally what shows up right here, Los Angeles wedding photographer, Lynn Indirsa, right? We wanna update that, and it's also what shows at the top of the browser tab. Okay, why do I say ideally? Because once again, AI has been incorporated into every single search engine. And so what a search engine is trying to do is it's trying to give the most relevant information as this title to the end user, which means that it may or may not actually use your title tag, but it does take inspiration.