Let's dive in. So optimizing your website. By and large, most of the stuff that we cover inside of this module are gonna be things that are really kind of a one-time nature. So kind of once you've optimized your landing page, your homepage for your website, those aren't really things that you need to do again unless you say, for example, you might switch niches or let's say that you try to pivot or do something. At that point, you would. But if we know what we're focusing in on, the things that we're gonna be doing here is really kind of a one-time.

thing. And then what we will do is carry forward the principles into each of the additional pages that you create. So the topics that we're going to be discussing, the pain points specifically, is like well how do I SEO my website? That sounds weird as a verb by the way, but search engine optimized. How do I optimize my website for SEO? Which analytics and tools do I need? How do I get those installed? What do I do with my primary keywords? We kind of laid out that content roadmap, our strategy in the last module.

What do I do with those? The primary, the niche keywords. We'll discuss site maps. How do you submit them? We'll discuss how do you optimize your landing page and by landing page I mean your homepage. There is a sales and paid ad version word that we use called landing pages and that's a little bit different. What we're really talking about is your homepage of your website. And then how do you improve optimization kind of throughout? So we're going to dive through this. The beauty, well, you're going to see the beauty.

is that this gets to be a lot quicker than it was last time in v1. So this is going to be fast paced. It's designed to be simple to get you to the exact place you want to go. Pause, implement, repeat. Honestly, in this section, it's really just pause, implement. There isn't a need to repeat. If you do want to reference something down the road, then fine, but we are going to go quickly. And as always, between sessions, remember that you have the mentorship group. Great place to ask questions, to seek advice, feedback from peers, to network. A huge...

part of the value in this community is just each other. So get out, meet each other, talk to each other, develop relationships. It's also a fantastic place to share your wins, your aha moments, as well as anything if you are struggling with something, if you need a little pick me up, post there too. We are there for each other. All right, let's jump in to the first lesson. The first thing that I'm going to say is this little reminder to not go too far down this rabbit hole. And what I mean is, is basically the word.

In the world of AI and search engine optimization, there's a kind of a term that's being thrown around like literally right now called AEO, which kind of stands for AI Engine Optimization, as if like, it's like search engine optimization, but for AI. Really, it's identical, okay? AI is pulling information from SEO. So AI, every whatever app you're using, is gonna be pulling from information that's readily available. So it's a great buzzword, but really it's all the same, okay?

What we need to do is design a website that is optimized to be searched, to be indexed. Now previously it just used to be by search engines. Now it's going to be indexed by AI, by different apps, all sorts of stuff. But what I want you to understand is by and large we're still following all the principles of SEO which I don't think are really going to ever go out of practice. But what we are going to see is that the world of SEO is going to change dramatically over the years.

these next several years. It's why I want you to focus on the basics of this because you're gonna get 80% of your result by just focusing on essentially the basics. So remembering the 80-20 rule, trying to like go beyond this, go down the rabbit hole, is not gonna be worth it, especially in a space that is changing so rapidly. So let's focus in on the basics. And what that means is, I don't want you to get lost in the weeds of this, okay? I want you to be flexible, I want you to be.

ready to adopt new marketing strategies. And I'd rather, I'm gonna give you the basics. If you want to go beyond those things, that's okay. But I do feel personally as your coach to remind you that that was my job to remind you that there are many more important things than just focusing on one aspect of marketing. 10 years ago, SEO could be your entire marketing strategy and it was fine, it would work. Today, I don't believe that's any longer the case. With AI.

with the fact that search engines are sending out less traffic, AI is sending out virtually no traffic, SEO has to be a part of our marketing strategy, not the entire thing. And I think there's a lot more valuable areas for you to spend time on after you've gotten the basics going as far as your website, okay? So our primary goals here is really about the basic optimization side. Your focus is to get your analytics up, to submit your site map. We're gonna make sure that your site is error-free, like on a major error side.

We're going to optimize your landing page. We're going to create optimized content. This will be something we're doing over time. And then I want you to track results. This is really kind of the basic premise of this and how far I would like for you to go, unless you're really just passionate about SEO. All right, let's jump into the next lesson. Okay, so if you are a WordPress user, this video is for you. If you're not a WordPress user, you can skip this because we're going to talk about what you need to install. But for WordPress users.

You're gonna install Sitekit, okay? The beauty about this V2 version of all of this, by the way, is that now I'm gonna show you guys how to use basically chat GPT or whatever AI you like as kind of your ultimate tech support buddy, okay? I think a lot of you already know how to do this, but it makes it so we can make these videos that much shorter and just let you get right to doing something. The instructions don't need to be as long. But what is Google Sitekit? So this is the official WordPress plugin by Google.

Google for, I just said that, WordPress. All right, so basically it's just a plugin in the back end and what it's gonna do is from WordPress, it's gonna install both Google Analytics as well as Google Search Console, okay? These are the two plugins that I'm gonna help you guys to install, the two kind of must-haves to basically follow your analytics and track what's going on. The nice thing with WordPress is that it comes in one plugin, you basically set it up and you get both. It automatically kind of does everything. It cements it.

It's really nice what it does. So what it will do for you inside of WordPress is basically pull your kind of basic analytics right into the WordPress console. So from the same place that you're using to say, you know, adjust pages on your website or even like, you know, blog, some of you might be using ShowIt and you're using, with ShowIt, you might be using WordPress as the blog control, right? So what it allows you to do is to see analytics directly from your WordPress backend. How do you...

Install it. This part, we gotta keep it short and simple. So look, the installation is right here. If this ever changes, I have a solution for you. But I'm not gonna walk through all this because it's so pretty straightforward. You log in, you go to the plugins, you enter SiteKit, you follow the instructions to install, and then you basically just verify. So you log into Google Search Console and Analytics, make sure the account is basically added. And if the SiteKit doesn't set it up automatically, you can set it up manually. And that's what we're gonna be doing next is I'll be.

Talk about that. But this is the thing I want you to remember. You have this built-in technical support, this technical bestie that I'm referring throughout this entire module, where anytime you have a question, we're gonna go jump right over here. And if you haven't been using AI for this, you're missing out, okay? One of my favorite uses of AI is just to simply go to it and ask for help. So how do I install Google Site Kit onto my WordPress website?

Okay, you don't really need to give it any more than that because the hosting and all that kind of stuff. But if you do have a question like how do I install WordPress with my host, you type that in. And it literally is gonna give you the instructions. They're gonna be up to date and it's gonna work for you, okay? At any point in time, if you ever have a question about this this is probably the best go-to. So rather than posting even, it's funny, I went back to the slides and I was like, actually with all the pause here slides, I'm like, if you have questions on this.

Honestly, just ask the GPT. It's gonna give you better answers than any group could. So, pause here. If you have WordPress, go ahead and get Google Site Kit installed and then continue from there. Okay, so now let's talk about Google Search Console, just basically getting them set up. So Google Search Console, and then we're gonna talk about Google Analytics next. So if you don't have WordPress, you're just basically gonna set these up manually. Or if you already have set these up manually, that's fine too. Maybe.

you're using WordPress and you set these up manually already and you're like, well, do I need to install SiteKit? Not really, but what SiteKit allows you to do though is just to see those analytics inside of the WordPress backend. So however you get to the information, it really doesn't matter, but you just need the information, okay? So if you're not using WordPress, let me just show you what we're gonna do. I'm also gonna walk through Google Search Console as well. Let's talk first about why we want to be using this, okay? So what we're gonna be doing with Search Console.

is this is where you'll submit your sitemap. This is the basically little file that's gonna tell the search engine what your website is, where everything is organized, so it can index all of it. It's also through Search Console that you'll use to kind of identify any major SEO errors, and it's gonna show up as like poor URLs, and you can also set up monitoring with email notifications. So if something breaks, one of the big things, if you think about your website as like, like what Google's trying to do, what any search engine is trying to do,

is trying to gauge what is the reliability of this website. And it's kind of like, you imagine, if you picked up a book that you purchased off a shelf and there's a spelling error on the cover of the book, like they spelled a word wrong, and you're like, maybe that was intentional, and you start opening up the book and you start reading it, and you're like, man, there's like grammar errors and spelling errors all over the place. You kind of get the idea that this must not be that good of a book, right? It must not be that professional. The information must not be that reliable. And.

Google's kind of the same way, but it references your website, like how a website should work. There shouldn't be broken links or 404 errors. There shouldn't be misspellings and grammar issues. There shouldn't be, you know, bad content or things that just don't make sense for the audience. The audience should find what they're looking for. So what it's doing is really looking at all these things. And so when it gives you these errors, it's kind of giving you a heads up, like, hey, I'm noticing these things aren't really set up correctly on your website.

and it's hurting your optimization, it's hurting your performance because it lowers the credibility of your website. We don't know by how much, but we know that the difference is significant. Like if you have major errors, that difference is noticeable. So this is also the place where you're gonna monitor performance. Now, if you were to look at the backend, this is kind of what you're gonna see and this is for Linenger. So it gives us a little overview. It says 68,000 web search clicks. And you know what, why don't I.

I'm not gonna do this with analytics because it's very similar, but for this side, I'll pull up the active version for Lineage RSA. Okay, so here's Search Console. This is the overview where it gives you a little bit of insight, 30,000 total search clicks, and you might notice that the console changes some of the layout and some of the views will change, but the nuts and bolts, the details of it, are not going to change. If we look under Insights, you can see that even for the last 28 days.

is this is again, one of the huge reasons why we're telling you SEO is still viable, it is still fantastic, because as I've mentioned, we have not worked on this website since 2018, 2019-ish. This is organic views. So Search Console is only showing you organic views. And so we're still getting 9,320 clicks on the website, or 90, yeah, yeah, 9,320, up 10%. We have 1.34 million impressions. And again.

all of this stuff was created years and years ago, okay? So there's still a huge benefit in this that I want you to recognize. And you could even see like, I think it's worth noting that like this screenshot was taken back in 2023 to 2024, right? Between that little three month window. Like we're still generating a substantial amount of clicks and impressions despite not working on this. And that's what I want you to recognize is this is a long-term marketing asset. So when you go to the back end, the place where you submit your.

of sitemap is just right here. You scroll down, you go to sitemap, and you'd enter the URL for your sitemap, and it shows right here, this is indexed, and everything is good there, okay? So depending on the platform, how you generate or what that URL is gonna be, this is gonna be adjusted a little bit, but we'll talk about that in just a moment. Now, there's a big question with sitemaps. People always ask, like, if I make a change to my website, do I need to resubmit my sitemap? The thing is that Google's gonna reindex periodically.

So generally the answer to this is no, but if you are doing certain things, then it is worth submitting. You can't really hurt yourself by resubmitting your sitemap. So if you change the sitemap URL, that's an obvious one. If the sitemap moves to a different location, obviously you should resubmit where the new sitemap URL is, right? If you make a major structural change, this can happen when like you switch to a, let's say that you switch to a different theme. Let's say you do a rebrand and there's major.

changes, absolutely you should submit your sitemap again. If you want to potentially speed up indexing after you've added a lot of new content or maybe fixed errors, so you went through and fixed a bunch of things, you also went through and added a bunch of new blog entries, then it could be worth resubmitting. It just speeds up the process a little bit. Again, it's really hard to tell you by how much, but if you make major changes, go for it. Now, how to check what is indexed from the back end? You simply go to

pages and under pages, it's going to tell you essentially what is indexed and what is not indexed, okay? And pages that are not indexed, it's for a variety of reasons, but that'll give you like a quick view of essentially like what we have as far as what is indexed. You can also go directly to Google. You can actually type in site and then colon whatever site you want to check and it'll show you like a listing of all the index pages. I don't know that that's super useful.

But yeah, this is how you can check. Don't freak out if you just submitted your sitemap and not everything is indexed by the way, that's normal. It takes time for those things to get indexed. This is why when we work on SEO, we're not really trying to get immediate results because it's impossible. What we're trying to do is build these long-term assets that start generating views, usually a few months after they're created. So it kind of takes a bit of time. There's a bit of a lag there. The most valuable thing here, and what we're going to focus.

on both analytics as well as on Google Search Console, is we just want to see where people are going. I want you to click, so basically if we go under search results, what we want to do is we want to see essentially what are the pages that are actually being indexed. So as I scroll down, and I think this is showing a very specific page right now, so I have to click that filter off, there we go. So as we look here, what we're looking at is where are people going on the web.

Website and what I want to see is the specific pages right here. All right What are the pages that people are clicking? Well, a lot of people are going to this Sangeet Indian wedding tradition So they want to learn about like what are Sangeet's essentially right the Haldi ceremony for Indian weddings you see a lot of it is based on this the reason why this becomes very valuable is because as These pages get popular. We want to make sure that we have calls to action on those pages Whatever page is getting viewed want to make sure that

that there's an entry point to become a lead essentially, right, for them to submit information. So that's really gonna be the focus of why we're looking at analytics. Sure, we wanna track results over time, but what we wanna do is make sure that wherever people are on the website, there is an entry point to be able to convert them from a view into a lead. And I'll show you examples of that as we go as well. The other thing that's useful here is the URL inspection. So this is gonna give you like, you know, if you have major errors, but you can.

You can inspect specific pages if you like. This is where you can also request indexing. What I want you to notice is that your website's gonna generate a lot of views regardless. Our search console basically is showing this, when we look at Core Web Vitals, this is one of the reports it gives you on like the URLs, right? It says 652 URLs need improvement. There's 72 good URLs. What we really are looking for here is to make sure that there's no poor URLs, okay?

These are areas where we have a major issue. We have a 404, we have something majorly going wrong on this page. The 652, you're always gonna have quite a few URLs that need improvement in our field, especially because we're photographers, right? Because generally, one of the big things on a website in terms of optimization is speeding things up. But we run image-heavy websites because that is what we do, it's the nature of our gig. And so, you're gonna have a lot of URLs.

that are gonna show up as needing improvement most of the time, that's just gonna be because, oh, there's a lot of images on it, so it takes extra time to load. We're gonna talk about optimizing images, but I want you to understand that this is not like a huge warning sign. The poor URLs is the thing that we wanna focus in on. So remember that SEO is this game of refinement, right? It's not about getting it perfect, it's about making improvements over time. So poor URLs we're gonna fix immediately, URLs that need improvement, these are not gonna kill your ranking, they're usually.

due to image and load speed. Good URLs are gonna be your examples of kind of like ideal pages. Let's make more of those. But all we're looking to do is kind of improve over time. So this is a little rundown on basically just Google Search Console and kind of why we're using it, how the backend works. Now just go ahead and verify your domain on Google Search Console. It's, there's not really, you know, unless we're installing SiteKit, there's nothing really to install here. You're basically just signing up for a Google Search Console account or linking up your Google account to it.

and then linking it to your verifying your domain or your website through it, okay? So I gave you common instructions or instructions for common platforms right here. They're all linked up. Again, the AI prompt is very simple. You know, if your platform is not in there, you're simply gonna go towards AI and you're gonna say, how do I set up Google Search Console? And you might say for on Wix, okay? Usually most of these platforms that are significant are gonna have their own.

instruction sets too. But this is the easiest, you know, again, you got your full set of instructions right here. Once it's done, you're good to go and that's it. Okay, so pause here. Let's get that done. Get your website verified. And if you'd like to do a bonus, you can also add Bing webmaster tools if you'd like. Bing still does get, you know, a decent amount of search volume. If you don't wanna do this, that's okay too. You can focus just on Google. But I've included that as just kind of a bonus step. If there's any other searches.

If you want to include two, that's fine. But Instruction for Common Platforms are right there. Again, you have the AI prompt. Go ahead and at least at a minimum, let's do Google Search Console. If you'd like the bonus, hit Bing as well. Okay, so next piece, Google Analytics. These are kind of the two tools that we need to have. So why analytics? Well, Search Console is just your search views, right? Whereas Google Analytics is all views in depth. It's also gonna give you ideas in terms of like how we're acquiring these views, where they're coming in from.

it'll give us ideas in terms of engagement, like what they're doing on our website, right? So this makes it very valuable as a tool and it gives us a bit of, honestly, you can do most of the things you wanna do probably from Google Analytics. So if you just wanna stay in one, I would say spend most of your time in Google Analytics. But what we're really looking at here is under the left side, when you install, you'll notice that there's this little report icon right there, so you click that, it'll bring open the report view. And under.

Acquisition, we have this overview. Now, what's really useful is kind of looking down at the bottom right, you'll see organic search results, direct results, so direct is like somebody going into Google and basically like typing your name, or there, actually that probably shows up as search results. A direct result is them actually like typing in your URL. It might actually factor, like if someone types into Google Leningrad and it serves up, maybe that does include that as well. But search results is organically direct as.

they already know about you, they're coming directly to you. Referral or links from other websites, right? And then we have organic social, organic video. You'll notice that we don't really do much on social for like our lineages of website. So this will give you an idea of what things are having an impact, and that's very useful. Like you're gonna start seeing results in organic search, that's fantastic. What about referrals? Like what about getting our website onto other pages, getting vendors to link over to us? And the other.

I would say the two most useful things is organic search and organic social. Because this is gonna give us a gauge of those immediate marketing efforts, how many people are coming over from social, which is gonna be a good piece too. And also tell you where they're coming in from. There's other demographical information here, but I think the most useful thing is just knowing where they're coming in from. And then beyond that is kind of what they're engaging with, right? So this will give you, you can extend the report duration. So this is like the last 30 minutes of saying like, okay, there was.

these users on this side of the page or whatever. But I would probably extend it out to like a 30 day view at least and try to look at which pages that they're on. Because again, whatever pages that they're showing up on, those are the pages we wanna make sure are set up well so that they can see what, get the information they're looking for, but then go, hey, this person's a photographer, they do what I need and I'm gonna reach out to them. So we need to have relevant calls to action there. This is honestly really the 80% of the bread.

butter in the SEO game. It's just creating good SEO content and then making sure that wherever people are landing on the website, it's set up in a way that we can convert views into leads. That's it, that's all of it in kind of a nutshell, okay? So this is probably the two views that you're gonna spend the most time on. The other thing that can be interesting, a full listing of pages and information on views and engagement, is under engagement, you have this pages and screens view, okay? And this is where it'll give you each page and you can sort by number of views.

Use again to see like which pages do I need to really focus on optimizing because people are spending a good amount of time in these pages. They're clicking it quite a bit. So let me make sure that those pages lead into my contact me page, my funnels. Let me make sure I have a lead magnet on those page. All those things are gonna apply, okay? All right, so let's set up Google Analytics. Again, very simple. I've given you a common set of instructions or set of, I gotta get that right. And if you have any questions, just how do I set up Google Analytics on.

whatever platform and you'll get a full set of instructions to set up and verify that. So pause here if you haven't already make sure Google Analytics is installed and then let's continue. So this is where I want to show you a bit more in depth the example I was talking about like why do we need analytics right. So the the idea here is to remember something we talked about before when we were building out the website and I kept reminding you like like let's optimize the home page let's get things set up well but let's remember that most people are not going to be

entering your website through the homepage. Like the direct traffic, that little small number that I showed you guys before, where was it? Up here. This direct traffic, these people are probably landing on the homepage, right? But most of it, you'll notice it's like, what is it, 18,000 to 2,000, right? So it's like, it's close to 10 to one. People are coming through other means, which means they're not landing on the homepage so they don't get an idea of who exactly we are or what we do. In fact, if they're looking up something

general like Indian wedding traditions, they might not even be looking to like get married. Maybe they're looking for information, maybe they're looking for inspiration. So we need to make sure that we tell them what our website is, what we do, and kind of link up that process, right? So they're gonna come through search and primarily referrals. So our goal here is to make sure that wherever they land, you have a short little introduction, you have a call to action. We want this at the top and at the bottom of the page.

and analytics will tell you the order of priority of which pages you need to revise first, right? But the example here is this. So if you land on Linenjursa and under Terranea Resort Wedding, this is one of the pages that we have set up to capture anybody that wants ideas for getting married or having a wedding at Terranea Resort. So when you land on this page right here on the side, you can put this on a sidebar, you can put it on your main, however you design it is totally fine. But it just says about Linenjursa, it gives a little bit of a clarity.

verified message since 2008, request a quote, very simple. If we were not running a associate model where we have a number of different people that we send out, I would personalize this. If it was just me, I would say, hey, my name is Pi. I might even have a video there where I kind of say, welcome to my website. This is what I do. And this is what I like to help clients with. If you're looking for something, if you want more information, ideas,

Now, why don't you click the button below and I'll hop on a call with you to give you ideas or get a free consult. Obviously, that was a bunch of bullshit. I was just spewing. But you get the point as far as what we want there is something that's personable and it gets them to click the button. You can make that a lead magnet. You can make it like, hey, my name is Pi. I'm a wedding photographer. I've been doing this for quite some time. And so I actually compiled a guide to help you get the most from your wedding day and planning, especially from a photography side. So click the link below. You can download it. It's completely free.

free, it's just a resource that I want you to have. That works too, right? It can be a lead magnet that you have there, but we need to have something there, something at the top and the bottom. So Tom has a great one, so this is on Mott Photography. Tom is one of our examples that we've been using and one of our alumni, and look at, whenever you scroll any page, so this is his page on how to build a perfect wedding timeline, right? And I want you to apply this to whatever niche that you're in, so we'll talk about that in just a second. But when you land here, shortly after you land.

and a little pop-up comes up, and it says 10 things to know while planning your wedding. From timelines to trust, here's what really matters, and you put in your information, and boom, there's a lead. We wanna make sure that each of these pages that people are entering and clicking in on have some form of call to action to actually convert the view into a lead. Otherwise, these views that we're gaining are just kind of of no purpose. Now, what can these things be for other niches? I think you already have some good examples of that. That's what we're doing.

in the last module where we're putting together that kind of content roadmap of what, what is the information? What is the inspiration? What are the challenges that my clients face, right? Maybe if you're doing boudoir, it's like, do I need to lose 10 pounds before I do a boudoir session? That's a common fear that people have. Maybe it's 15 pounds. I don't know, but do I need to lose weight before I do boudoir session? And it's a page where you just reassure them and you speak mindset, right? And on that page, you want to introduce yourself. You want to, you want to include what we're talking about here, where there's a call to action.

at both the top and the bottom. And the way we do that is gonna change a little bit over time. Like starting out, I would say something basic like this is good. And then over time, developing a lead magnet is fantastic. And that's one of the bonus things that we'll talk about well, later in the program. I'm gonna build a booster around that and how to do that. Okay, so that is the goal. That is the purpose of why we want website analytics is so that we can gauge which website pages are actually getting traffic. And then.

and make sure that we're kind of going in order as far as do each of these pages have what they need to convert a view into a lead. And of course, you can track your overall kind of analytics and metrics to see like, is the work that I'm doing on the SEO side effective? What's been the most popular? I'm gonna lean more into that as well. Okay. Okay. Another huge element that we wanna make sure is set up and set up well, and this is, you won't believe how often this is.

It's just completely left out of the to-dos. It's to set up your Google business profile, okay? Why is this is our local SEO. So this is people that are gonna be searching for us in the area. We wanna make sure that we're easy to find. This is what's gonna control your Google Maps listing. So you want all of your basic information. If you have a studio, put in your address. If you wanna be able to add and modify the images as well, you wanna make sure that this listing looks nice, that it has some solid portfolio images in there.

And you also wanna make sure that you respond to reviews as well. Make your listing nice. So spend a little bit of time there. It's very simple and easy to do. I'm not gonna spend too much time here. I'm just gonna simply tell you that it's really important. So set up your Google Business Profile. To do that, you just click this link, you log in, fill out the information, and complete it on your own, in your own time. This one's gonna be probably the shortest video in this entire course. So pause here, get that done, and boom, one minute. Okay, now look, we're going quick. I know, like, we're already on.

and submit your sitemaps. I know that we're covering a lot of stuff and it can feel daunting, right? Carson mentioned that this is like trying to eat this elephant one bite at a time, but I can't help feeling like I wanted to get this done yesterday. And I get the feeling. What I want you guys to understand is it feels daunting when you're simply watching these videos and not actually doing the steps because you're like, oh man, this is just adding to my to-do list. But each of these to-dos is actually very simple. So if you're actually.

pausing and implementing as you go, you'll find that each step takes maybe like 4 to 5 minutes, right? Maybe you spend 10-15 minutes on setting up your Google business profile and whatnot, but they're very quick and this is another example of that. So now we're going to submit your site map and it's really fast. So the why behind this is, well, this optimizes your website's visibility and performance in Google or other search engines, but it gives you faster indexing, better site coverage. It's essentially giving Google a roadmap of your entire website.

So rather than trying to crawl and look for everything on its own, you're giving it a roadmap to follow, right? It also tells it content prioritization, it helps with error detection, enhances search performance. These are all the benefits of this and it's incredibly simple. So as you go through and you do these steps and again most of what we do here is just a one-time thing and I'll let you know and like okay this is one of those things that you want to do moving forward versus everything else. Everything that we've been doing thus far is just a one-time setup.

console all you do is go to sitemaps you enter the sitemap right there okay now how do you find the sitemap url i gave you a little linking so for common websites this is where the sitemap is generally housed so for wordpress it's usually yourdomain.com wp sitemap.xml or you can have plugins like yoast which will give you a url and i think they might even like allow you to automatically submit or whatnot but but easy peasy squarespace again your domain these are

These are all the general links to basically where your sitemap is. But once again, if you ever have a question of where it is, how do I create a sitemap URL and submit it to Google? And then you just type in on Wix, on whatever website I'm using. So it'll walk you through the steps of how to create it and how to do it. But it's really quite simple, okay? And it's not, don't ever feel like when you're looking at this, like how do I create a sitemap? I'm gonna actually have to be writing something out. No, you're.

Your website, your platform does this automatically for you and it generates it in HTML so that it's just basically ready to submit. Usually it's just in the form of a link. So you just get a link and you submit that link directly to. So it's a sitemap URL that you're submitting directly to Google, okay? All right, so let's go ahead and pause here, get your sitemap submitted and move on to the next step. Okay, let's get to the goodies now. We've got all those basics kind of covered. Now let's talk about.

specifically keyword placement in your website, right? So what I generally wanna give you an idea of is each page should only have one and only one keyword phrase that you're kind of like ranking or you're aiming to rank for. Some people will say like you can go for two, you can go for three, but honestly best practice is just there's only one thing that we want a page to rank for. You can make small exceptions to that. Like if you are a, let's say.

Let's say that you do Salt Lake City family portraits, and you also wanna be able to pick up Provo family portraits. You could try to go for both on a homepage of a website. But it's a little bit confusing if you imagine for a search engine, it's always gonna kind of wonder. As soon as you try to do two or three, you're diluting the page. You're diluting the number of times that you can reference each one. So that's where, in best practice.

is we're just choosing one. And then if we wanna build out like, I think the best way to do this is, if your primary business is Salt Lake City Family Portraiture that's the main focus for the homepage. And then I can build a second page that is Provo Family Portraits. And so I can specifically optimize that page for that secondary keyword, if that makes sense. So I wanna give you the basic structure. So this is the basic.

structure of a homepage, right? Or sorry, of a website. So your homepage is the central one where it kind of like links out to everything else. The menu pages, these are basically your secondary pages that are listed at the top of the menu of this website. And it links to pages like your portfolio, your pricing, your about, your blog, all those things. Okay, so these are your secondary layer. Then you have like tertiary, the third layer, which is like these are specific blog entries, specific case studies. They might be specific galleries.

All of those are another layer deep, right? And you can also have like, you know, resource pages can be another layer deep as well. The keyword structure is essentially this, where generally when it comes to the homepage, this is our primary keyword. So that primary keyword we created in step six, that's where this goes. Your primary keyword phrase belongs on your homepage. It's the broader term that we're looking to rank for, right? With menu pages, we're generally not.

not trying to rank for these. Like, I don't need your portfolio to rank. I don't need your pricing page to rank. I don't need your about page to rank. They might, they might pick up some traffic, but we're not trying to target specific keywords with those pages, right? So we're not really using keywords in these secondary pages. With tertiary pages, we're using our niche keywords. So these are resource articles, and your resource articles, by the way,

can be, I don't want to confuse you all. They can be like a, yeah, let's not worry about it. Like the URL structure can change a little bit where it's close to the homepage. Like I was, you know what? Let's just, let's just, we'll talk about, that's a more advanced thing. We'll talk about that a little later. Tertiary pages, your blog entries, those are gonna rank. Okay, your resource pages, those are gonna rank. And what we're trying to do is get niche keywords in those pages. For case studies, it might be like.

like brand portraits out of like Louisiana, right? We talked about, you know, elopements out of Paris, right? Those niche keywords is like how to elope in Paris or my favorite elopement locations in Paris. Those are niche keywords that are gonna do really well and that's what we're trying to rank for. Menu pages, I don't really care. We're not, none of these pages are pricing about even a general resource page. I don't really need the resource page to rank. I need the specific resources in.

side of that page to rank, if that makes sense, okay? I know this idea might be a little bit confusing. What I want you to take from this is basically primary keyword goes on the homepage and then all the other pages that we build out like in our blog, when we build out resource pages, we're focusing on niche keywords for those. And how many? Again, we're generally only focusing on one keyword phrase per page. That's it, okay? We're gonna try to rank for one. So, one question that.

that came up is, so one page in my case can be maternity and another page can be newborn. Yes, this is a great one for those of you that are considering having other types of services available, right? One of the things that I've been saying throughout the program is, look, your homepage should be the primary keyword that you focus in on. Let's say that your primary service is newborns, but you also wanna be able to do maternity portraits, you also wanna do delivery, you also wanna do.

slash, you know, uh, delivery, like, like, like post delivery portraits, right, whatever the keyword phrase might be that people are searching for. I can make a page dedicated to that topic. And then I can talk specifically about that thing and get people to come over and find me for that thing. So you're not limited in this case. And this is where I've, I've, I've been saying quite a bit, like, I want you to niche down and focus on one thing and recognize you can always build another page to focus.

is on a different keyword without muddying the water as far as what you do, right? So I can build that page for the delivery portraits. I can build another page that's for maternity portraits based out of whatever area that I want, or it can be just maternity portrait tips. It could be, I can do this nonstop, okay? And that's where it's important to understand how we can keep clarity in our overall brand and messaging.

while still picking up on other service lines. All right, hopefully that makes sense. Let's jump to the next one. Okay, so how do we optimize a landing page or a homepage for SEO? And again, I probably should have just said homepage, but this really applies to kind of like what we're about to talk about applies to any page that we wanna optimize on our website. Okay, remember when it comes to the homepage of your website, you're aiming for the primary.

So that's going to be a broader keyword generally that's going to take more time to rank for. But it's the same set of steps that we're going to follow on all the other pages we create as well. So what we want to first avoid is any techniques. This is an old school term, but I think it's still valid. They used to call it black hat techniques. Black hat techniques is doing things that are specifically designed to kind of take advantage of an algorithm, to take advantage of a search engine.

And these are techniques that not only is Google, Bing and every other platform good at detecting, they will get you potentially banned. So what these concepts are is like keyword stuffing. That's probably one of the biggest ones is keyword stuffing or building up links that like don't even matter. You know, trying to do things that are just kind of like strange, right? Keyword stuffing is by far the worst culprit, not because it's maybe, it's not the most insidious of them. It's just.

it's the easiest mistake to make. We go, oh, I'm a newborn photographer and so I'm gonna put newborn photographer throughout all of my copy on my landing page, right? And so you don't realize that this is actually a black hat technique, you're just like trying to get Google to know that I'm a newborn photographer. And so we stuff it inadvertently and the important thing to remember here is that you're writing for a person, not for a search engine. So if it sounds weird to you, hey, I'm a newborn photographer.

based out of Orange County and if you're looking for newborn photography then I'm the place to go because I'm a newborn photographer with eight years of experience and you don't want to go to other newborn photographers because they have less experience that is keyword stuffing so if it sounds weird to read out loud you are most definitely being flagged for not writing good copy so I'm giving you an example of this anytime we write copy right the examples are here's a bad example welcome to our Los Angeles wedding

photography website. We started our Los Angeles wedding photography studio in 2008, and we specialize in capturing emotional, beautiful wedding photos primarily for Los Angeles couples who are getting married and having wedding photos. But we also service Orange County wedding photography clients, so if you need wedding photography, that's bad. This, you're going to get flagged, you're going to get dinged, don't do it. A good example, welcome to Linnanjursa, Los Angeles wedding photographers. We started our wedding photography studio in 2008. While our studio is based in Orange County, we work with wedding clients.

throughout Southern California and all over the world. Okay, we know that we're targeting Los Angeles wedding photographers. Here, if we had a secondary, we're kind of hoping that maybe it picks us up for Orange County as well. But notice that we're not stuffing it just with this one keyword phrase over and over and over. But we have mentioned wedding photography one more time. We've also said weddings here. It's written in a natural way. Now, an even better example is welcome to Lin & Jersa award-winning Los Angeles wedding photographers. Since 2008, our team has captured.

timeless weddings with a blend of artistry and storytelling. While we're based out of Orange County, we proudly serve clients around the world. So I'm not even trying to, I'm not even, I'm not even trying to stuff more than one usage of my phrase into here. It's just one and then I'm writing to the audience, right? And again, the more personal your brand, I think the better. So the more you can make it, you know, this is an associate brand that we're kind of giving an example of. So the more you can make it personalized and hey, I want to welcome you.

You know, my name is this, the better. Keep your writing very, uh, designed for the person reading it, not for the search engine and keep in mind too, that on your entire home page, right, you've got a lot of space to be able to say those things over to be able to use the keywords. So use it in a natural way. All right. Now, some, I know of you are kind of thinking like raising your hands, like, Oh, I'm.

I'm guilty of this, no worries, just make the adjustment quick because this is one that gets you flagged very fast. Yeah, okay, another quick thing that is easy to, one of my favorite ways of just thinking about search engine optimization and how a search engine works, right, is to realize that the entire, before AI was a thing, Google and Bing and every one of them, AltaVista, do you remember?

All of them were trying to design an algorithm that worked like a person. It basically helped people to find the best solutions for them. So since AI has been developed, it's that much more effective at it. So what I like to think about in this optimization is that if it's good for the user, if I'm making my page easier for them to understand,

more simple, easier to navigate, I'm, I'm following good SEO practices. If I'm making things difficult to understand a little bit hard to read, copy isn't that great. Then I'm following bad SEO practices. A search engine is ultimately designed to get people what they want to see. If you are creating things for people and what they want to see, you're already doing.

the things that you should be doing. From there, it's just about kind of crossing some T's and dotting some I's to make sure that everything else is in place. So what does that mean in practice? That means like if you have areas where the font is difficult to read, like you're using a cursive font or a scripted font over a large section, you're going to get slammed. If you put a dark font over a dark background, you're going to get slammed. It's difficult to read, right? Or a light font over a light background.

background, that was one of the other big issues that people would do is they'd be like, Oh, I'm going to put this thing at the bottom of my website. It's just going to be white on white. So white text over white. So nobody can see it, but I'm going to stuff it with keywords, man. Every one of these techniques that people used got them blown up in these search engines, like blown up in a bad way. Like they get removed. So think of it from that side. Like optimization is really about optimizing for the end user, not for a particular search engine. Okay. If you ever get stuck.

you can use this to kind of help you out. So I'm giving you a little prompt. So how do I modify the blank section on my website platform? Because what we're gonna do is I'm gonna show you just to optimize certain things on your homepage of your website, okay? So the first thing is updating your title tag. The title tag is an HTML element that appears at the top of the browser tab and ideally in search result previews. So when you go to Google and you type in and you get a response, the title tag is.

ideally what shows up right here, Los Angeles wedding photographer, Lynn Indirsa, right? We wanna update that, and it's also what shows at the top of the browser tab. Okay, why do I say ideally? Because once again, AI has been incorporated into every single search engine. And so what a search engine is trying to do is it's trying to give the most relevant information as this title to the end user, which means that it may or may not actually use your title tag, but it does take inspiration.

from it and if the rest of your body and the rest of your copy follow suit with this, then it very likely will use it. But it tries to figure out what is the best title for this website for the end-user and it's gonna modify accordingly. Which means that we want to keep the title tag, want to keep it short and sweet, maybe include your primary keyword phrase and I kind of like the idea of including a short description there. So rather than just Los Angeles wedding photographer, if I were to modify this

day, right? It would be, well, Seattle's Best Natural Light Wedding Photographer, right? Because I already have Lin and Jirsa right here. It's already serving up my name of my business and my website right there, so why be redundant? Why waste the title tag space with our name again, right? I'd rather give them a brief description of what it is that I do or where I might do it. So, epic puppy portraits. So, even epic puppy portraits would be enough, but if there's...

there's a particular area that you serve, then epic puppet portraits in Boston or serving Boston. Salt Lake City family portraits. I would love like organic Salt Lake City family portraits. Let's get descriptive about it. So when someone sees it, because again, remember, we want the person that sees it to have a reason to click it. That's the whole idea here. And the change that we made, so Tim Eirich, he recently posted in the Facebook group, he said his click-through rate went from 0.7.

to 1.8, okay? I want you to give you guys an idea of that. 0.7 to 1.8. Now, that sounds like Tim Post, he's like, well, I guess there's a 1% improvement on the click-through rate on Google, so that's a win, I guess. And I'm like, dude, you don't understand how big that is. Because 0.7 to 1.8, this is a net difference of 1.1. So 0.7 divided by 1.1, or probably the other way around, let's go 1.1.

divided by 0.7. Mother tutter. Okay, that represents 158% improvement in click-through rate. All we did, all I told him was, Tim, we wanna make sure that the title is something unique, like cinematic wedding photography out of this. Like say something that describes a little bit more of what it is so that people have a reason to click it, a reason of why it's different from somebody else. His click-through rate.

By 150%, now for context, that means instead of, if he got 100 impressions, instead of seven clicks, he would be getting 18 clicks. That's massive. That's 150% improvement. And those little tiny 1% differences make a huge difference at the end of the day. Because if now, out of 1,000 views, I'm getting, instead of 70, I'm getting 180 click-throughs on my website.

If my website converts 5% of those, whoops, I didn't mean to shrink that. If my website converts 5% of those, that's almost 10 leads now. And previously, if I was converting 5% of 70, that would have been what, three leads? So this is the net difference that these things make and that's why we wanna really work on those things, okay? So this is a big one, update the title tag. Next is update the meta description. This is a hundred.

five characters to describe what your page is about and it shows right below the title. Okay, there is no direct SEO benefit in this. So what you want to write here is something to get people to click. Okay again, I'm showing you like what our old stuff was so I can tell you I wouldn't do this. Now what I would do now is say like something relating directly to our clarified message. So if your clarified message is, you know, Adventure Portraits, I create Epic Adventure Portraits.

for couples in love, then that's what I would put here. Epic adventure portraits from an award-winning photographer based out of this location. That information that's gonna get them to click. So I want you to think of the clarified message and adjust here. And again, this is an ideal thing. So we're hoping that it selects it, but it's still gonna read the rest of our website, the rest of our homepage to try to understand like, okay, is the title and the meta description actually accurate based on what else I'm seeing on this page? All right.

Oh, these are the two things that we adjust first, okay? So again, if you're wondering, how do I adjust this? Then we grab this and let's go to here and I'm gonna say, how do I adjust the title on my website? Oh, on my, let's say, let's say Squarespace.

How do I adjust the homepage title on my Squarespace website? Cool, changing the homepage title. That title appears at the top of the tab. Results on a Squarespace involves editing SEO settings. Here's how you do it, okay? There it is, SEO title settings, boom. Now, what I want you to understand is this. So I used Tim as an example. So let me pull up Tim's website. Okay, this is that title tag. So you see at the top, cinematic wedding.

photography from Tucson, that's what we adjusted. So simply adding some description to this, 150% improvement. But guess what? This is also in line with everything you see on this page. Tucson wedding photographer visually arresting his call to action. Look, cinematic wedding photography for couples who value passionate and artistic storytelling. If Google grabbed this for the meta description, would that be okay? Yes. I'm so freaking lootly, right? If it.

grab something down here for it. Absolutely, what we wanna do is make sure that the entire homepage is designed in a way where it matches the meta description and matches the title description. But hey, if AI or Google or whatever says they wanna pull something else from my homepage, that's gonna be relevant too. That's what we're aiming to achieve. So that one change, and I hope Tim sees this so that he's like, oh, that was actually a big deal. Making that small change made a massive difference because now, like this.

Next is where, if we go back to that idea, do you all remember when I said trying to market without a website that can convert views into leads? This is like leaky bucket syndrome, right? We're basically catching water with a bucket full of holes. What I want you to understand in that is you're seeing here now, if I have to generate a hundred views to get me...

seven clicks versus 100 views to get me 18 clicks. Okay, let's translate that. So if I convert 5% of those into actual leads, right? Well, if I get close to 20 clicks, I'm gonna get one lead, which means from 100 views, I'm now getting one lead, as opposed to previously from 100 views, I was getting zero leads. I would have had to generate, let's see, uh, we need do that.

In order to be around 250 views to get one lead, right? This is what I mean by you're working twice as hard for half the money, because if you have to generate three, four, five times more views to get the same number of leads, then that's how much more I have to be grinding on social media, grinding in every aspect of my business to get more eyeballs as opposed to simple changes in conversion rates, oh, now my website can move.

or views into leads better. Holy shit, now I only have to do, now instead of doing three posts, I can do one, and it gives me the same number of leads. Does that make sense? If you make these changes across the board, these little tiny adjustments, you go from having to post 10 different posts on social media to get one lead or to get one client, to one to one. This is the difference that we're talking about.

Okay, and yes, Karen made a great point right there that I think is worth bringing up is that your brand strategist can actually help with all of this. So that's why we have the brand strategist created because at any point in time you can go back to your brand strategist and say, let's actually do that now. Hey, with what you know about my business, and I'm not gonna worry about drift, it'll probably drift because it has so much, but give me a short meta description.

for my website, okay. So at any point you can come back to this. Oh, it actually got it right this time. Okay, Northernest is a Paris-based elopement and destination photography studio. So would I take this exactly? No, I would make adjustments. I would say raw and emotional love stories for couples who value connection over tradition. And I might say Paris-based elopement capturing raw and emotional love stories for couples who value connection over tradition.

because I don't need to say North and Nest again, right? That's already described, they see that already. So we remove redundancies and we get something beautiful right from this, okay? So make sure that you're making adjustments to this as you go. All right. I love the foundation work you guys have been doing throughout these steps. I'm hoping you're seeing your efforts are paying off like now, how quickly we can start moving through this. So the next piece after.

you update your title tag and your meta description, right? This is your headers. This isn't really a big deal. Most of the time you're not even adjusting the code on this, you're just doing this visually, right? Most websites now we're just typing in things visually, but I want you to still know the terms. Whenever you hear the term H1, it's just talking about the primary header of a website, and H2 is a secondary header, and H3 is a third level header. An easier way to kind of like understand this,

idea I almost feel like is just to go, I'm just gonna pull up a, sorry, not Google Analytics, let's go to Google Drive, okay? And this is a very easy way just to understand website structure in general. All I'm gonna do is pull up a Google document and I'm gonna type in, this is the title of my document. And guess what, I'll highlight this and I go up to the styles and I select title. Okay, this is the title of my document. And then I go, this is the first important.

thing I want you to see. That's my second layer. And I go, now that's my heading number one, okay? This is the next thing I want you to read. And we go heading number two. And I go, okay, this is a sub point under this next thing that you just read. And I go heading number three. And do you see how in the organization right here?

If you click on any of your Google Docs, by the way, it'll show you your tab structure. What we're doing is not just, it's not just showing hierarchy to this, it's actually an organized method of browsing the document, right? It's a full outline. And it's a clickable outline. So if I actually pulled up something that was a little bit more in depth, let me just, okay, I'm gonna grab, this is my, one of my consulting.

and clients I'm working with. I can use this to kind of move around. This is what a sitemap is. It's just a document that tells Google where everything is on a website. But this is also what an individual web page is. Like an individual web page is just designed in a way where it's like, this is the first thing I want you to see. This is the next thing I want you to see. And we use these silly terms. They're not silly, they're based on code and things that, you know, the organization method of it. We use these terms.

And what I want you to recognize, these terms are anything crazy. They're not complicated. It's just an H1 is how you formatted in the past. I mean, it's still this way. It was because this is the way you would format it in HTML. It would go like this, H1. So everybody started calling them H1s. And now it became this big thing where people are like, holy shit. What are my H1s, what are my H2s, what are my H3s? No, again, all we're doing with a website or a web page, with each.

page that we create, we're creating an outline, a structure of how people read it, of how they interact with it. And how do we design that structure in a way that makes sense to them? Which means that in the past, I would have told you in the past, make your H1 Los Angeles wedding photographer. But I've been telling you, actually since I have version one of this last year, I was like, you really don't need to do that anymore. I would rather your H1 now be your clarified message. And then your H2, your secondary header right here.

to be your SEO title, right? Like if you wanted to be Los Angeles wedding photographer or Newport Beach newborn photography or Paris elopement or whatever that might be, I would make that the H2 now. And the reason is because search engines, they're incorporating a lot more intelligence than they used to. So whether something is an H1 or an H2, it's not gonna make a huge difference. Now, if you are old school and you wanna keep your H1 that way, I'm not gonna tell you not to, that's fine. But.

but I'm always focused on what would a person rather see first? To be honest, if I land on Leonard Gers' website, I'd rather see crisp, clean, different. I'd rather see a clarified message that isn't bullshit. But I'd rather see that than Los Angeles wedding photographer. Because that's a small and detail I can go right beneath it, right? So to me, it makes more sense to write for the end user. So this is that note. It's okay to make your clarified message, your H1 and your primary keyword phrase, the H2 at the top.

of your page that's fine and then as you go through the rest of it right as you go through the west of your page like like we had Tim's pulled up so let me just go back to that one sec I don't know why it doesn't give me the URL okay so we have to look at the the code to see which one of these is is what but right here this would be an h2 it should be an h2 right here meet Timothy is another this is either gonna be an h2 or an h3 right real love stories this is an h2 each section underneath it might be an h3

So all we're doing, each section is denoted by an H2. And we're only placing SEO keywords in those sections when it makes sense. Like here, let's chat. How insane would it be if he wrote, let's chat with a Tucson wedding photographer? That's complete bullshit and people wouldn't like that and so the search engine's not gonna like that. So you're always designing for people with the understanding of what helps.

the search engine to kind of like keep things organized. This is why I say H2s, they're written only for your audience. Include keywords only if they fit. Use H2s to guide the user experience. A page generally has only one H1, so you have one primary kind of title, and then you have as many secondaries you want, as many thirds as you want. That's totally fine. Okay, so we just want to make sure that that's how your pages are organized. You're not going to have to look in the code. I just wanted to give you an example of what it looked like.

like in the code, which I showed you guys as well, okay? So this next piece is just making sure that your headers are properly titled and making sure that it all makes sense. And then the next step is, well, the first paragraph should be this core message. This is the section that's right below the hero, ideally. Hopefully it's above the fold. And it's just a simple kind of SEO ready message on the template that I showed you guys earlier. This is that section, right? It's just right below the header. So I like an SEO.

SEO ready message there that can kind of expand the clarified message. And again, we can go right back to your brand strategist and say, okay, now I need a paragraph for the first section below my hero. I'd like it to be a little, like you can tell it what to give you, or you can just say, I'd like for you to create this but make it SEO ready.

Okay, and then you can use that to give you ideas. And instead of like, this is gonna give me one idea. So we believe love is best captured. So would I use it directly from this? No, of course not. But I like this, unposed, unscripted, and deeply felt. Like that could be a freaking clarified message by itself, right? Based in Paris, we specialize in elopement and destination. I don't know if I need to say that again if I,

you know, if we're going for that keyword, the primary keyword, like Paris photography, then maybe we do mention again just to include, you know, the Paris one more time in there. We specialize in a local destination wedding photographer for couples who choose adventure and authenticity. I want this to be more personalized, but at the same time, this is getting you ideas. And I can say, give me five more versions. And the more guidance you give it as far as what you'd like those versions to be, then the better, right? If.

If I'm gonna say, hey, I'm gonna put my portrait next to this and I want it to be a little bit of an intro to who I am as an artist and what I like to do, how we focus on our clients, it'll give you better output. So it kind of just depends on what you'd like the experience to look like, but we get five more ready messages. Okay, so we're building on the clarified message, we're writing to the target avatar, and we're making sure that we do not keyword stuff in this area, okay? Then the next step of SEO optimizing a homepage would be to pepper.

throughout in a natural way, your primary keyword phrase. Now, what I'm saying here, doesn't this apply to literally every single page you create on your website? Like if I create a page that's about, let's say tips, when to plan your newborn photography session, isn't your H1 when to plan your newborn photography session? And wouldn't your H2s just be the different points you're gonna make in that conversation?

And then wouldn't we also want like underneath the H1, we'd want like a little body of text that describes what we're gonna be talking about in this resource. It's all exactly the same thing, right? All we're doing, and that's why I like the Google document analogy, all we're doing is we're creating a document and organizing it with structure, that's it. Making it easy to navigate and to go back and forth. And you do this on your homepage, you do the.

exact same process on any other page that you create. So you pepper the page naturally with the keyword that you're using on that page. Because this is the home page, we're using the primary keyword. If it is a resource page, we use that secondary, the niche keyword that we're aiming for, right? Newborn photography tips, or planning a maternity session, or when to do a boudoir shoot, or whatever those terms, whatever those things.

are, the articles, the resources, the topics that are relevant, that's those keywords. So the last piece of this is to make sure that when we use images, that those images are also keyworded both in the file names and their alt descriptions. So what we want is, I'm going to give you a complete guide on this, actually this next one is literally this. So I won't go too deep into this, I'm just going to say that this is step seven, we want to make sure the file name.

has SEO-driven words, each separated with a hyphen, and then the alt tags. We can include a full description, and I'm gonna give you examples of that in just a moment. So that is optimizing a page in a nutshell. You're gonna do this once for your homepage, and if you make adjustments from time to time, that's totally fine, but you're gonna follow this same process of optimization for every additional resource you create. The beautiful thing is that ChatGBT and these websites, the website platforms, they're so.

easy to use now that you can do it all visually. And then the output that you're getting, if you're using the, the article creator that I've made for you, it already gives you H2s. That's already planned into it. So it's going to do a lot of the heavy lifting for you. One quick note. Let me jump back to this, uh, ChachiBD site. There are certain things that, that AI does that are very clearly AI. So again, I don't want you to ever take copy directly from this. I want you to make it yours, but I do want to give you a clue as to what some of those.

things are. The little EM dash, nobody uses these. Nobody uses those. This is a dead giveaway. Whether you're sending out an email to somebody, it doesn't matter what it is, anybody that uses AI knows that an EM dash is an AI generated response. Make sure you're taking out EM dashes from your stuff. The other thing is strange wording structure. Oftentimes, it's ... Let's see here if it gave me one.

Oh, things like this, where it goes, okay, specializing in low-minimum destination weddings, we approach every celebration with a calm presence, deep understanding of how to preserve fleeting moments. The result, timeless photography that feels like you. And chat GBD, every AI loves to do these short little, like these sentences in between where it's like, and how, this is how. And what, this is what. All right, so these are just, there's a.

A lot of these little nuances, same, this is the structure. For couples who value presence over pressure, our work on regenerative minor, the best stories are the ones lived fully, not staged. Where we go, okay, these sound a little bit generated. Anyway, I just simply want you to understand that I need you to take copy and make it yours, but this is a beautiful place for ideation. And yeah, the EM dashes are your biggest warning that someone has written to you using AI. Just a heads up.

All right, let's keep going. Next, image search and optimization. I love image search and optimizing images because this is an area that can have a dramatic difference on not only your website's SEO, but also on just your ability for clients to be able to find you, right? We're gonna talk through each of these, but beyond kind of the basics of like making sure that your website doesn't have like poor or broken URLs, loading speed is really gonna be the big issue. Loading speed is the big thing that can help you boost.

ranking by simply making your page loads faster okay now there's only so much we can do because we are photography centric but I'm going to show you each step that we can do okay so the the reason why this is so worth doing is because image search is one of the best ways to be found I freaking love Google image search especially in this AI search world right because if I nobody's gonna go to chat GPT and say like like show me examples show me examples

of weddings at Terranea in Palos Verdes. Okay, now the reason why we don't search this way is because generally we're not gonna get enough search results. Now, here's the beautiful thing, is look at what just happened. We tend to go to Google search for this right now. I do believe that this is gonna switch over to a...

AI search, but, but watch what just happened. So we're going to go to Google and I'm going to say Terranea wedding photography. Okay. And then this is still an easier way to find inspiration ideas. Right? So most people will probably still do this, but look at this. Lin and Jersa right there, Lin and Jersa right there, Lin and Jersa right there, Lin and Jersa second row, Lin and Jersa, Lin and Jersa. You can see all of them, right? Like.

And it keeps going, like more Linenjursa's, right? And then look at what the search engine brought up here. Here are examples of Terranea Resort. And look, an oceanfront ceremony lawn, grassy terrace perfectly framed, Linenjursa. My point in showing you this is that people that search for image inspiration, they're gonna find you either with Google search or with AI search. AI, like OpenAI right now, they're gonna be releasing a browser soon, right? And the browser is gonna do.

the exact same thing. The browser is going to actually be pulling images from search and it's going to be feeding people to actual websites, right? Terranea Resort Wedding. So the point of this is we should be optimizing your images because it's one of those places that you can rank for quickly, right? Like you can, as long as somebody finds the image interesting and on target, like on topic, you're going to rank for it. It doesn't need to be based off of website ranking and all that kind of stuff. You're going to rank.

for it because the the result is relevant and it's interesting to the user and search chat ai-based search is not going to generate these images they're going to pull from these images so this makes it a huge kind of untapped resource to be able to take advantage of immediate search results so i want you to make sure that you're prepping your images for seo now here's how the image optimization guide so step one is you're going to

compress the images. So don't upload these full-size bloated images to your website. Don't rely on your website's compression because a lot of times they'll be like, oh, we have our own compression. I mean, if that's one of the features that they really tout and they're like, this is how good it is and they show you and you're like, okay, I can do that. But for the most part, don't rely on their compression. What I want you to do at the most basic level is just correctly size and export your images. Meaning, if we're inside of Lightroom, and I'll pull it up just so I can quickly.

show you if we're inside of Lightroom and we're about to export an image I want to make sure that on the long edge I'm exporting to the right size so look when I go to export if I all you're gonna do is look up what is the page width of your blog like what is the image width that is on your blog right maybe it's 1,200 pixels so all you're gonna do is go down and into the image sizing resize so the long edge is no more than

1,200 pixels, okay when you whenever you resize for pixels, you don't need to worry about resolution If you want to sharpen for screen, that's fine But that's the first layer. The second piece is this 80 to 85 percent quality I don't know why my Lightroom has been doing that lately So at a minimum from the same export window, you're gonna go back to quality. It'll come back in one second You're gonna go back to quality and you're gonna choose 80 85 percent I mean you can test it, but honestly, I cannot see a difference

between 80 to 85% on the export size, and that makes a massive difference in file size, okay? So that is the basic level of compression that I would incorporate onto everything. I love how now it's like hanging, there we go, okay. Mother tutter, there we go. Now, can I move it again? All right, while it's loading. Did it get it? Okay, here we go. So here's the file settings. We want it to be JPEG is fine, limit file size. You can do that.

or you can just simply reduce the quality size down to like 80%, okay? This is the basics. And usually I'll include like sharpening for screen and I'll just keep it like standard. So that by itself is already gonna compress the image pretty substantially. But you can do a secondary compression. And usually most of these will recommend that if you're gonna do secondary compression, don't do compression the first time, just run it through the secondary. But you can get plugins like JPEG Mini, they go on to Lightroom and it'll literally.

the best one that I've used is kind of JPEG Mini. There's compressed now, JPEG Mini, but choose whatever you like. JPEG Mini is nice, has a plugin for Lightroom and you can choose the settings right there so you don't have to run it through again. It'll literally just compress it directly from Lightroom. And it'll get it dramatically smaller. So if you really wanna optimize, then that's a great route. Okay, so that's step one of optimizing an image, just make sure that we're not uploading. If you wanna stop with just the Lightroom stuff, that's okay too. That's at least enough to make a big.

difference. Step two is that your file names. You need to have a brief SEO description of the image separated by dashes. So you're describing the image that you're seeing and each word is separated by dashes. So examples. Pasadena City Hall quinceanera dress. You can say you know you want to say something a little more specific. You want to say you know whatever type of dress you want to say you know what the woman is doing inside the dress. I don't care. But just a description there. Los Angeles Taglian wedding photography ring.

New York City, family photography, Central Park, candid photos. Utah brand portrait photography in office with this. I just didn't continue these by the way because it was running off the page and I think you get the point. Newborn portrait session, Kaiser Hospital, Seattle. So everything stays lowercase. Each file name is ideally unique. So what that means is if we're doing a blog entry, it is ideal, I don't want you to kill yourself over this, it is ideal though if each file name is unique.

Okay, so in each one you're describing that image now when we're lazy I might just export everything from a wedding and say, you know, this is Pasadena wedding, you know Pasadena City Hall wedding and that's it, right? The thing is that if all my images are labeled Pasadena City Hall wedding then Again a decade ago Google would have thought that well all these images are the same They're not gonna be substantially different today. I don't know if that's gonna be the case anymore so

So that's again where I'm like, don't kill yourself over this because now that AI is involved in this process and they can scan images, I don't know how relevant all of these different, these different kind of SEO things are gonna be moving forward because it can probably start generating its own descriptions for these images, which are gonna be more accurate than ours. So keep that in mind. It is ideal, you know, if you're putting together a resource page and we want this resource page to rank and we have.

15 images, I might spend the time just to quickly do those 15 images, and I'll bet there's actually some AI-based things that will do this for you. If those tools don't exist yet, they probably will very quickly. But that's the file name portion of this. The next piece of that is that the alt text. This is a longer, clearer, descriptive sentence of the image that you put, that goes into when you upload it to the website, it'll give you an option that says alt text. And this is where you can just literally just write words, like bride and groom exchange vows.

Los Angeles rooftop wedding, playful engagement session with a couple of piggybacking in Griffith Park. This is where you literally just describe it. So once again, I'm gonna tell you, I don't know how relevant these two things are gonna be as we move forward in this like AI world where they can just scan and generate their own. But I think for the time being, it's still worth doing. If I, when I find out otherwise, I'll let you know, like, hey, let's not worry about that anymore because AI is handling all of that. But for the time being, it's still worth doing this, I would say on resource articles on major.

your pages on your website, your homepage, pages that you want to rank. I'd probably say on blog entries, if you just wanna batch name them based on one single description, that's fine. Like save time on that side so you don't have to do that with a ton of them. And yes, there is, I wouldn't go back through all of your images. Like if you already have websites up and everything, I might do this on pages that I want to rank well. Like specifically.

this Terranea Resort wedding page, where I'm like, I want this for all these to pull up for Terranea Resort. Yes, I might do it for a page like this, where there's only like 15 to 20 images on that page. I would not be doing this and going back through blog entries and stuff. Do not waste your time on something like that. Okay, the next step is, again, another ideal is that the images that we build into the website, that they're surrounded by a bit of relevant copy, right? Search engines, they kind of use.

use the text around the image to get context of what you're saying and what that image is. So just understand that. Do you have to? No, but that is a useful piece. And then step five for optimizing for imagery is kind of an optional one. If possible, if you can implement lazy loading on your website, this is helpful. What this does is it makes it so that your website only loads as you scroll down. So basically stuff that's below the fold only loads as you move. I don't believe Linen Jersey uses lazy.

loading we just optimize but this is an option that that can further improve optimization a little bit not a must but if your website host or the the platform that you're using if they offer this option then then turn it on this is a useful thing uh for sure okay and that is it when it comes to kind of image optimization so let's stick with the basics hopefully that all makes sense do not go back through and and do this with like blog entries and whatnot and if you want to save time with blog

entries as you move forward, I wouldn't worry about giving it other than like just give everything a single description export. Um, that's fine. I would spend the time to do this on like a resource page, a page that I really want to rank or images that I really want to show up in Google search. Okay. And another, another reason why like it's not necessarily worth doing this over a blog is because if I want something to show up in Google search, I want it to be an image that I I'm genuinely proud of. Like a lot of images that go on your blog.

they're gonna be good, but they're storytelling. They're placed in there to kind of help aid the story. On their own, they don't really make that much sense, right? So if you have this shoe shot, and you SEO tag it, and you do all these things, and someone searches for a wedding at this location, your shoe shot shows up, that's not necessarily gonna be something that they really care about, right? It's not necessarily gonna draw them in. So that's why I'm saying on a blog entry, this isn't necessarily as important.

Because we don't really want every single one of those images to show up But on a resource page when we're choosing like solid images for each one of these those are places We're like, oh, yeah, we'd love for these to show up in search Okay Okay how to further optimize so a couple other things that can help improve overall SEO The first is internal linking. So this is just one area of your website that links to another of your website this is why we say like

Any of the really big important pages on your website should be able to be found from your menu. Meaning, if we go to, let me just pull this up. If we go to the LinenJersa website, right? We have a lot of different resource pages and venue pages that we want to rank. So those need to be linked up. They don't have to be like directly linked, but they need to be linked up through a structure from the menu. Anything that's important, we should be able to find from the menu.

you anything with like secondary importance we should at least be able to find from like say a footer right so between those two we should be able to find everything on the website so internal linking is pretty huge notice the things that are really important we send links to them right at the top of the website so if you click here and you go wedding venues all these wedding venues we're sending a lot of link juice to these these pages we're basically if you think about it again structurally right from the form of like a document anything that's at the top of

the document, it should be more important than the rest, right? What we're doing in a menu is basically creating the outline for the document. And we're saying, this is what you should be looking at. So if I want these pages to be an important part of a search engine, then, then those get built onto my menu at some, in some way, you'll notice that like in client resources or under resources, we have favorite vendors. We have wedding timeline. We have FAQs, we have client resources, wedding timeline had its own. I believe Chris did this because it was a strong.

enough page on its own that he wanted to give more link juice to. So instead of putting it under client resources as just another page, he built it onto like the main menu. Like so this is wedding photography timeline, ideal times for wedding, for your photography. So just understand that as you send, and when I use the term link juice, what I'm kinda saying is like, whether it's an internal link, like you show, you send, you have a menu link at the top

goes to another page, or whether it's an external link, somebody that is referring to your website, right? Think of each of these as like a little bit of link juice is sent in that direction. And what that means is, is search engines kind of treat that as like a bit of a referral. It's like someone saying, hey, you should check this person out. Hey, you should check this thing out. You're lending a little bit of your credibility to that recommendation. And so that's what I am saying in terms of link juice, right?

And this is, by the way, as long as it's a follow link, because there is, someone can link to you and they can mark it as a nofollow, which means I'm gonna, this is a person that does this, but I can't, you know, I can't stand for what they might do, their quality, anything like that. This is just somebody that does that. So a nofollow link doesn't give you any link juice. It has no benefit whatsoever. But anything that is a follow link does, even when it's an internal link, you're telling a search engine, hey, this page is important. So.

We need to understand that and have a good internal linking structure with your page and you're going to kind of build this over time as you come up with resources. Maybe you start putting in like like let's say we looked at Tom's photography. OK so let's say we're scrolling down here right and and Tom's got a page that he wants to rank and actually I don't think Tom has it yet. Let's go to Jesse and down because they do have one example. These are former.

alumni, Jesse and Dallin, you guys have seen quite a bit, I pull them up. So they have a resource page and what you can do is like you build out these resources and as you're like, hey, this is an important page I want to reference, you create a section of your home page where it's like you scroll down and it's planning your wedding and these are specific guides and sections that they have. Click here for more tips. This is their resource section and their blog, right? So this internal linking structure is used.

use to kind of navigate, not only help the user figure out things that are important to them, but to also help a search engine know like what else is important on my site, okay? Helps your audience and it helps the search engine navigate from one area to another. Okay, I think we kind of covered what that is. So all you're gonna do is from your landing page, just make sure that you're directly linking to any important secondary or tertiary pages by adding the direct link to your menu or adding links within your landing page and copy whenever it's.

helpful, relevant, so that was an example of that was here, where we had the landing page here and we added relevant links down below. And then including additional links within your footer, that's optional. So let's see, they don't have any on theirs, but we have some on ours, like inside of our footer for other things. But the main thing here is that when we design out the menu, notice that they have for brides and grooms. This is essentially like their experience and resource page, right? As I scroll here.

I see their experience how they're different and then I have this whole wedding resources and advice So you don't need to have every single thing Linked up on the menu what it needs to be is like well I have a page that's kind of my hub for all of these other resources and I link to that in the menu Okay So just kind of keep that in mind as you're doing that But this is very useful making sure that they can access those things directly from the menu. It's a big thing for improving overall optimization

Alright, I'm going to pause here and jump to the next lesson. So the rest of this is really if you want to go a little bit deeper down this rabbit hole. I would say everything from this point and on is kind of optional and I'm placing this reminder again here that remembering the 80-20 rule to capitalize on this additional 20% you could be spending hundreds of hours. To get 80% of the benefit of SEO, it doesn't take much time at all.

We're talking like 5-10 hours and then maybe like 1-2 hours a week to get the 80% benefit. To capitalize on that additional 20%, this is now hundreds of hours a year that has to get dumped into this. That being said, maybe this is something you're really into. You enjoy the tech side of this, you want to further optimize, maybe this is your form of meditation because you're a psycho, I don't know. Any one of those things can work. A couple of just simple tools and you can find a lot of these tools.

What I would honestly do is, these tools are still very valid, but I would honestly go to ChatGPT and just say like, look, what are the best free tools to help me optimize my website? And it'll give you a list of the most current ones. But these are good ones that you can jump into for right now. So GTmetrix is one. It does a performance report. It'll tell you like your overall grade. Again, notice that for a website that generates millions of impressions, we have a C grade. So don't stress when you see this kind of stuff. What you'll do is, it'll give you kind of like the...

a layout of like the top issues, loading time, all that kind of stuff, okay? Pingdom is another one that will give you like a performance grade, tell you like what's going on. Each of them will have like a kind of a service too that you can like sign up for, but I wouldn't worry about this too much. So these will each give you, yeah, look, we still got a C on that too. Anyway, outside of what we've talked about, you know, like you can go deep into structural things and honestly.

If this is something that you wanted to do, I would recommend waiting until you have some revenue and just find someone to help you with SEO optimization over time. Someone that charges a few hundred bucks a month, a thousand bucks a month to do something like this. I just feel like there's so many other areas of your business that are more important than just wasting time in this area. Again, this is coming from us who, we spend a good amount of time on SEO, but we developed a multi-seven figure business and this is just one component.

of like our marketing plan. So there's a lot of other things outside of this. But look, optimization is mostly kind of the rules that we've talked about. Like your sitemap is loaded up to date, your website pages that can be indexed, you don't have broken links, you're not using dummy text within your website, you have proper titles, proper H1s, H2s, meta descriptions, each image has SEO file name and alt text, the pages are focused on one keyword phrase, that's really the 80%, that's it, okay?

So this site, SiteGuru, actually does give you, this is probably one of the nicer sites that I've used for kind of figuring out what's going on on a website. It'll give you an actual SEO to-do list. So it kind of says, okay, these are pages that you can improve meta descriptions on. You can optimize your sitemap here. You can make these pages indexable, fix broken links. There's 15 of those. These are probably worth fixing for sure. I don't know if like all the meta descriptions.

would be useful. There's 930. These are probably blog pages, you know, where like, do we really care whether those pages are indexed or not? Like, I get it. If we want those pages to be indexed, then yes, then not having a meta description would be a big deal. But if we don't care, then like 930 pages adjusting that, that's gonna take you a week. And is it worthwhile? You know, so again, I wanted to provide these tools and just show you that you can go deeper if this is something you really enjoy.

I will by no means, I will always defer. If you guys have, if you have questions that go deeper than what I've provided here, my expertise in SEO kind of lies at the 80% mark, like the things that I would do to make a big impact. And the funny thing is if I showed you this, I don't think I've pulled this up. This hurts my heart a little bit, but I'm gonna show it to you anyway. Where is it? Okay, here we go. So I don't think I told the story of this.

but I started this relationship coaching business back in 2021, ran it for about a year and a half. And so I was doing the SEO and all this stuff for it. This is where the website is right now. We still generate 6,300 total web searches, like total clicks, right, from this website. So currently, over the last few months, this is all work that was done quite some time ago. And if you look at the insights, let's just take a look. So impressions, 170,000 still, 2,000 clicks. Obviously, we have.

haven't published to this in over three years. And so the results are kind of going down. But it's funny that if this were still a valid business, if we were running this business, what we had done two, three years ago would still be bringing in reviews and results. And you won't see that with paid ads. With paid ads, you get results as long as you're paying for them. They're quick, they're instant, and if they're done well, they can be effective. But this is why, to me, paid.

Ads, just like SEO, just like referrals, just like everything else, this is one piece of a marketing plan, and a marketing plan should have multiple points. So if any one of these points fails, then our business is not dramatically affected, if that makes sense. But it's kind of fun to see that there's still things on there. But all of this work that I did on this, and we were getting, in our heyday, I don't even know if it shows it, there's half a million impressions.

for the last three months. I don't know how to go back to the previous, but when it was alive and kicking, we were getting a lot of views on these pages and we were getting leads literally on a daily basis and all I was doing was just the 80%. Like if you click on these links, the website is still up because we're actually in a lawsuit because the guys are fucking crazy. I can't talk about that. Can't talk about that.

Okay, I'm going to go here. So these are all just articles that I wrote with the exact same marketing plan that you guys have. The exact same approach and it just goes through and what does contempt look like? These are H2s, right? What is contempt in relationships? Oh, we have a video about that? Let's upload that video once it's done, but we create the articles first. It's literally the exact same steps that I'm teaching each of you. And guess what?

You land here, here's our lead magnet to releasing resentment. It's a 12-day guided program. Here's links to other articles. So it's all to show you, and there's a lead, a link to convert a view into a lead, right? Free 15-minute one-on-one coaching console. All of this is the same in every single business line. You're just trying to create meaningful resources, meaningful, full, something that's valuable.

Something that's inspiring, something that, that helps people along their client journey, and then you're just trying to write them in a way where they would show up in like a common search result. And generally we start by like looking for the topics that are searched and that's it. That whole thing, all the benefits of that were just from the 80%. And that's why I wanted to reiterate this at the end to show you like, I don't want you to get lost in the weeds of this. I feel like SEO should be one to two hours worth of your time.

I'm each week and it's following that top down structure, right? Like we create the first, the, the resource, the thing that stays at the top, and then we create all of our other content off of that as we go. Um, so that way you're getting all the benefits and you're not getting sucked into this, uh, kind of. This, this world, which really like, uh, I think Meredith's husband is actually one of our alumni, her husband, this is all they do, and this goes deep enough to be a career field. I don't feel like we need to get to that place to get.

the benefit from it. All right, that's it. I have one last lesson and let's jump to that. Okay, the last thing I'm gonna say is just be aware of major site changes. So one of the things that I say is anytime you are doing like a theme change, major theme changes, major website design changes, they can actually impact SEO. I mean, they can actually improve SEO. They could potentially also damage it depending on the features and the content inside of that theme.

So, if you're making like a lateral change, like in an ideal world, if you're going from one theme, like one website design to another, if the menu structure stays the same and everything is kind of like in its same place, then we call it a lateral change, meaning like theoretically you can switch those things out and there's no change in SEO. The problem is that most of the time when you switch a theme, you switch a design, the menu structure has changed.

a little bit. It's moved to a different place. You have a different footer. You have different things around. And so there can often be an impact in that process. Usually what I say, if you're at a place where like you've got something that's already good, like if your site, if your website is not generating any views, if you haven't focused on, on, you know, SEO and, and this isn't a thing, like you're not getting organic views, then who gives a shit, right? Who cares? Because you can make this change and nothing's going to happen. But if you've got a site that's generating.

and thousands of views a month, then what I would do is with any major overhaul is just grab an SEO expert to help consult on the process. And honestly, the easiest way is just to go to like, say, Fiverr or Upwork. Okay. I hate all the, those ads worked on me. So I would just go to Upwork or potentially go, did I not find, okay, this is the right site. They changed their, I hate it when they change their stuff again.

All right, let's just go Fiverr. And what you're gonna look for is just a person that can help with website migration. Okay, you can call it website migration, you can call it WordPress theme installation, but website migration is fine, we can go there. And you'll see a bunch of these will pop up, right? They're gonna migrate your thing from whatever to whatever, so the more.

or you can give them in terms of information, the better. Look for somebody that's got good reviews and make sure that they're gonna help with the SEO side. So I might even include like SEO website migration. So that way, like whatever you find, they're gonna give you, like I'll transfer one Squarespace to another and they have like the SEO kind of listed here. So I would look at their reviews, okay. And you can find somebody to do this for, you know, a hundred bucks to $500. It's not crazy expensive.

and it'll save you a whole boatload worth of time having to try to do it yourself and just all the headache that comes along with it. So if you're in that place, then that is the option that I would recommend. Again, if you are starting out or if you have a website and you haven't done any really SEO work for it, you can do these changes without making any major difference. If theoretically the theme that you're switching to is the same like style design, theoretically you can do that without making, without having a affecting SEO. But sometimes weird.

happen SEO is a fickle thing so it just one of those things I wanted to give you a heads up about okay cool beans we're done with this section