It's just gonna be because, oh, there's a lot of images on it, so it takes extra time to load. We're gonna talk about optimizing images, but I want you to understand that this is not like a huge warning sign. The poor URLs is the thing that we wanna focus in on. So remember that SEO is this game of refinement, right? It's not about getting it perfect, it's about making improvements over time. So poor URLs, we're gonna fix immediately. URLs that need improvement, these are not gonna kill your ranking. They're usually due to image and load speed. Good URLs are gonna be your examples of ideal pages, let's make more of those. But all we're looking to do is improve over time. So this is a little rundown on basically just Google Search Console and kind of-

why we're using it, how the backend works. Now just go ahead and verify your domain on Google Search Console. It's, there's not really, you know, unless we're installing SiteKit, there's nothing really to install here. You're basically just signing up for a Google Search Console account or linking up your Google account to it and then linking it to your verifying your domain or your website through it, okay? So I gave you common instructions or instructions for common platforms right here. They're all linked up. Again, the AI prompt is very simple. You know, if your platform is not in there, you're simply gonna go towards AI and you're gonna say, how do I set up Google Search Console? And you might say for,

on Wix, okay? Usually most of these platforms that are significant are gonna have their own instruction sets too, but this is the easiest, you know, again, you got your full set of instructions right here. Once it's done, you're good to go and that's it, okay? So pause here, let's get that done, get your website verified. And if you'd like to do a bonus, you can also add Bing Webmaster Tools if you'd like. Bing still does get, you know, a decent amount of search volume. If you don't wanna do this, that's okay too. You can focus just on Google, but I've included that as just kind of a bonus step. If there's any other search engines you wanna include too, that's fine. But Instruction for Common Platforms are right here.

there again you have the AI prompt go ahead and at least at a minimum let's do Google Search Console if you'd like the bonus hit Bing as well