So this is where I want to show you a bit more in depth the example I was talking about. Like why do we need analytics, right? So the idea here is to remember something that we talked about before when we were building out the website. And I kept reminding you, like let's optimize the homepage, let's get things set up well, but let's remember that most people are not gonna be entering your website through the homepage. Like the direct traffic, that little small number that I showed you guys before, where was it, up here. This direct traffic, these people are probably landing on the homepage, right? But most of it, and you'll notice it's like, what is it, 18,000 to 2,000, right? So it's like, it's close to 10 to one, people are coming through.

other means which means they're not landing on the home page so they don't get an idea of who exactly we are or what we do in fact if they're looking up something more general like like Indian wedding traditions they might not even be looking to like get married maybe they're looking for information maybe they're looking for inspiration so we need to make sure that we tell them what our website is what they're what we do and kind of link up that process right so they're gonna come through search and primarily referrals so our goal here is to make sure that wherever they land you have a short little introduction you have a call to action we want this at the top and at the bottom of the page and analytics

will tell you the order of priority of which pages you need to revise first, right? But the example here is this. So if you land on Linenjursa and under Terranea Resort Wedding, this is one of the pages that we have set up to capture anybody that wants ideas for getting married or having a wedding at Terranea Resort. So when you land on this page, right here on the side, you can put this on a sidebar, you can put it on your main, however you design it is totally fine, but it just says about Linenjursa, it gives a little bit of a clarified message, since 2008, request a quote, very simple. If we were not running a associate model where we have a number of different people that we send out.

I would personalize this. If it was just me, I would say, hey, my name is Pi. I might even have like a video there where I kind of say, welcome to my website. This is what I do. And this is what I like to help clients with. If you're looking for something, you know, if you want more information, ideas, why don't you click the button below and I'll hop on a call with you to give you ideas or get a free consult. Obviously that was a bunch of bullshit. I was just spewing. But you get the point as far as what we want there is something that's personable and it gets them to click the button. You can make that a lead magnet. You can make it like, hey, my name is Pi. I'm a wedding photographer. I've been doing this for quite some time. And so I actually compiled.

a guide to help you get the most from your wedding day and planning, especially from a photography side, so click the link below, you can download it, it's completely free, it's just a resource that I want you to have. That works too, right? It can be a lead magnet that you have there, but we need to have something there, something at the top and the bottom. So Tom has a great one, so this is on Mott Photography. Tom is one of our examples that we've been using, one of our alumni, and look at, whenever you scroll any page, so this is his page on how to build a perfect wedding timeline, right? And I want you to apply this to whatever niche that you're in, so we'll talk about that in just a second, but when you land here, shortly after you land, a little pop-up comes up.

up and it says 10 things to know while planning your wedding from timelines to trust here's what really matters and you put in your information and boom there's a lead we want to make sure that each of these pages that people are entering and clicking in on have some form of call to action to actually convert the view into a lead otherwise these views that we're gaining are just kind of of no purpose now what can these things be for other niches I think you already have some good examples of that that's what we were doing in the last module where we're putting together that kind of content roadmap of what what is the information what is the the inspiration what are the challenges that my clients face right maybe if you're doing

Boudoir, it's like, do I need to lose 10 pounds before I do a Boudoir session? That's a common fear that people have. Maybe it's 15 pounds, I don't know. But do I need to lose weight before I do a Boudoir session? And it's a page where you just reassure them and you speak mindset, right? And on that page, you wanna introduce yourself. You wanna include what we're talking about here where there's a call to action at both the top and the bottom. And the way we do that is gonna change a little bit over time. Like starting out, I would say something basic like this is good. And then over time, developing a lead magnet is fantastic. And that's one of the bonus things that we'll talk about, well, later in the program. I'm gonna build a booster around that and how to do that. Okay, so that is the.

that is the purpose of why we want website analytics is so that we can gauge which website pages are actually getting traffic and then make sure that we're kind of going in order as far as do each of these pages have what they need to convert a view into a lead. And of course, you can track your overall kind of analytics and metrics to see like, is the work that I'm doing the SEO side effective? What's been the most popular? I'm gonna lean more into that as well. Okay.