Okay, now look, we're going quick. I know, we're already on Submit Your Sitemaps. I know that we're covering a lot of stuff and it can feel daunting, right? Carson mentioned that this is like trying to eat this elephant one bite at a time, but I can't help feeling like I wanted to get this done yesterday. And I get the feeling. What I want you guys to understand is it feels daunting when you're simply watching these videos and not actually doing the steps because you're like, oh man, this is just adding to my to-do list. But each of these to-dos is actually very simple. So if you're actually pausing and implementing as you go, you'll find that each step takes maybe like four to five minutes.

right, maybe you spend 10, 15 minutes on setting up your Google business profile and whatnot, but they're very quick. And this is another example of that. So now we're gonna submit your site map, and it's really fast. So the why behind this is, well, this optimizes your website's visibility and performance in Google or other search engines. But it gives you faster indexing, better site coverage. It's essentially giving Google a roadmap of your entire website. So rather than trying to crawl and look for everything on its own, you're giving it a roadmap to follow, right? It also tells it content prioritization, it helps with error detection, enhances search performance. These are all the benefits of this, and it's incredibly simple. So as you go through.

when you do these steps, and again, most of what we do here is just a one-time thing, and I'll let you know when like, okay, this is one of those things that you wanna do moving forward versus everything else. Everything that we've been doing thus far is just a one-time setup. So under Google Search Console, all you do is go to Sitemaps, you enter the sitemap right there, okay? Now, how do you find the sitemap URL? I gave you a little linking. So for common websites, this is where the sitemap is generally housed. So for WordPress, it's usually yourdomain.com, wpsitemap.xml, or you can have plugins like Yoast, which will give you a URL, and I think they might even like allow you to automatically submit or whatnot.

But easy peasy, Squarespace, again, your domain, these are all the general links to basically where your sitemap is. But once again, if you ever have a question of where it is, how do I create a sitemap URL and submit it to Google? And then you just type in on Wix, on whatever website I'm using. So it'll walk you through the steps of how to create it and how to do it. But it's really quite simple, okay? And it's not, don't ever feel like when you're looking at this, like how do I create a sitemap? I'm gonna actually have to be writing something out. No, your website, your platform does this automatically for you. And it generates it in HTML so that it's just basically.

ready to submit usually it's just in the form of a link so you just get a link and you submit that link directly to so it's a sitemap url that you're submitting directly to google okay all right so let's go ahead and pause here get your sitemap submitted and move on the next step