Okay, let's get to the goodies now. We've got all those basics kind of covered. Now let's talk about specifically keyword placement in your website, right? So what I generally wanna give you an idea of is each page should only have one and only one keyword phrase that you're kind of like ranking or you're aiming to rank for. Some people will say like you can go for two, you can go for three, but honestly best practice is just there's only one thing that we want a page to rank for. You can make small exceptions to that. Like if you are a, let's say, let's say that you do.

like city family portraits, right? And you also wanna be able to pick up Provo family portraits. You could try to go for both on a homepage of a website, but it's a little bit confusing if you imagine for a search engine, like it's always gonna kind of wonder, like as soon as you try to do two or three, you're diluting the page, right? You're diluting the number of times that you can reference each one. So that's where in best practice, we're just choosing one. And then if we wanna build out, I think the best way to do this is if your primary business is Salt Lake City family portraiture that's the main focus for the homepage. And then I can build a second page.

that is Provo Family Portraits. And so I can specifically optimize that page for that secondary keyword, if that makes sense. So I wanna give you the basic structure. So this is the basic structure of a homepage, right? Or sorry, of a website. So your homepage is the central one where it kind of links out to everything else. The menu pages, these are basically your secondary pages that are listed at the top of the menu of this website. And it links to pages like your portfolio, your pricing, your about, your blog, all those things, okay? So these are your secondary layer. Then you have like.

tertiary, the third layer, which is like, these are specific blog entries, specific case studies. They might be specific galleries. All of those are another layer deep, right? And you can also have like, you know, resource pages can be another layer deep as well. The keyword structure is essentially this, where generally when it comes to the homepage, this is our primary keyword. So that primary keyword we created in step six, that's where this goes. Your primary keyword phrase belongs on your homepage. It's the broader term that we're looking to rank for, right? With menu pages, we're generally not trying to rank for these. Like, I don't need your portfolio to rank.

I don't need your pricing page to rank. I don't need your about page to rank. They might, they might pick up some traffic, but we're not trying to target specific keywords with those pages, right? So we're not really using keywords in these secondary pages. With tertiary pages, we're using our niche keywords. So these are resource articles, and your resource articles, by the way, can be, I don't wanna confuse you all, they can be like a, yeah, let's not worry about it. Like the URL structure can change a little bit where it's close to the homepage. Like I was, you know what? Let's just.

Let's just, we'll talk about, that's a more advanced thing. We'll talk about that a little later. Tertiary pages, your blog entries, those are gonna rank. Okay, your resource pages, those are gonna rank. And what we're trying to do is get niche keywords in those pages. Like for case studies, it might be like brand portraits out of like Louisiana, right? We talked about, you know, elopements out of Paris, right? Those niche keywords is like how to elope in Paris or my favorite elopement locations in Paris. Those are niche keywords that are gonna do really well and that's what we're trying to rank for. Menu pages, I don't really care. We're not, none of these pages are pricing about.

Even a general resource page, I don't really need the resource page to rank, I need the specific resources inside of that page to rank, if that makes sense, okay? I know this idea might be a little bit confusing. What I want you to take from this is basically primary keyword goes on the homepage, and then all the other pages that we build out, like in our blog, when we build out resource pages, we're focusing on niche keywords for those. And how many? Again, we're generally only focusing on one keyword phrase per page. That's it, okay? We're gonna try to rank for one. So, one question that came up is, so one page in my case can be maternity,

and another page can be newborn. Yes, this is a great one for those of you that are considering having other types of services available, right? One of the things that I've been saying throughout the program is look, your homepage should be the primary keyword that you focus in on. Let's say that your primary service is newborns, but you also wanna be able to do maternity portraits, you also wanna do delivery, you also wanna do other things that are tied to newborns, right? So what I say is your primary keyword, the 80% of your business, like most of my business is this, but I also wanna pick up some of this.

Primary keyword is what goes inside of your homepage. That's what your homepage is entirely focused on, is newborn photography in this case. But I can always build a resource page that's, okay, so www.newbornphotography.com forward slash, delivery, like post-delivery portraits, right? Whatever this keyword phrase might be that people are searching for, I can make a page dedicated to that topic. And then I can talk specifically about that thing and get people to come over and find me for that thing. So you're not limited in this case. And this is where I've been saying quite a bit, like I want.

you to niche down and focus on one thing and recognize you can always build another page to focus on a different keyword without muddying the water as far as what you do, right? So I can build that page for the delivery portraits. I can build another page that's for maternity portraits based out of whatever area that I want, or it can be just maternity portrait tips. It could be, I can do this nonstop, okay? And that's where it's important to understand how we can keep clarity in our overall brand and messaging while still picking up on other service lines.

All right, hopefully that makes sense. Let's jump to the next one.