make a huge difference in the end of the day. Because if now, out of 1,000 views, I'm getting, instead of 70, I'm getting 180 click-throughs on my website, then if my website converts 5% of those, whoops, I didn't mean to shrink that. If my website converts 5% of those, that's almost 10 leads now. And previously, if I was converting 5% of 70, that would have been, what, three leads? So this is the net difference that these things make, and that's why we wanna really work on those things, okay? So this is a big one, update the title tag. Next is update the meta description.

This is a hundred fifty five characters to describe what your page is about and it shows right below the title Okay, there is no direct seo benefit in this. So what you want to write here is something to get people to click Okay, again i'm showing you like what our old stuff was so I can tell you I wouldn't do this now what I would do now is say like Something relating directly to our clarified message. So if your clarified message is, you know, um Adventure portraits I create epic adventure portraits for couples in love That's what I would put here epic adventure portraits from an award-winning photographer based out of this locate that Information that's going to get them to click

So I want you to think of the clarified message and adjust here. And again, this is an ideal thing. So we're hoping that it selects it, but it's still going to read the rest of our website, the rest of our home page to try to understand like, okay, is the title in the meta description actually accurate based on what else I'm seeing on this page? All right. So these are the two things that we adjust first. Okay. So again, if you're wondering how do I adjust this, then we grab this and let's go to here and I'm going to say, how do I adjust the title on my website? Oh, on my, let's say.

Let's say Squarespace. How do I adjust the homepage title on my Squarespace website? Cool. Changing the homepage title. That title appears at the top of the tab results. On a Squarespace, it involves editing SEO settings. Here's how you do it. Okay. There it is. SEO title settings, boom. Now what I want you to understand is this. I use Tim as an example. Let me pull up Tim's website. Okay, this is that title tag. You see at the top.

top cinematic wedding photographer from Tucson, that's what we adjusted. So simply adding some description to this, 150% improvement. But guess what? This is also in line with everything you see on this page. Tucson wedding photographer visually arresting his call to action. Look, cinematic wedding photography for couples who value passionate and artistic storytelling. If Google grabbed this for the meta description, would that be okay? Yes, abso-freaking-lutely, right? If it grabs something down here for it, absolutely, what we wanna do is make sure that the entire homepage is designed in a way where it matches the meta description and matches the title description.

but hey, if AI or Google or whatever says they wanna pull something else from my homepage, that's gonna be relevant too. That's what we're aiming to achieve. So that one change, and I hope Tim sees this so that he's like, oh, that was actually a big deal. Making that small change made a massive difference because now, this is where, if we go back to that idea, do you all remember, do you remember when I said that, do you remember when I said like trying to market without a website that can convert views into leads? This is like leaky bucket syndrome, right? We're basically catching water with a bucket full of holes.

And what I want you to understand in that is you're seeing here now, if I have to generate a hundred views to get me seven clicks versus a hundred views to get me 18 clicks. Okay, let's translate that. So if I convert 5% of those into actual leads, right? Well, if I get close to 20 clicks, I'm going to get one lead, which means from a hundred views, I'm now getting one lead, as opposed to previously from a hundred views, I was getting zero leads. I would have had to generate, let's see.

We need to do that in order to be around 250 views to get one lead, right? This is what I mean by you're working twice as hard for half the money Because if you have to generate three four or five times more views to get the same number of leads Then that's how much more I have to be grinding on social media grinding in every aspect of my business to get more eyeballs as opposed to Simple changes in conversion rates. Oh now my website can convert views into leads better Holy shit now. I only have to do Now instead of doing three posts I can do one

and it gives me the same number of leads. Does that make sense? If you make these changes across the board, these little tiny adjustments, you go from having to post 10 different posts on social media to get one lead or to get one client to one to one. This is the difference that we're talking about. Okay. And yes, Karen made a great point right there that I think is worth bringing up is that your brand strategist can actually help with all of this. So that's why we have the brand strategist created because at any point in time, you can go back to your brand strategist and say, let's actually do that now.

Hey, with what you know about my business, and I'm not gonna worry about drift, it'll probably drift because it has so much, but give me a short meta description for my website. Okay, so at any point you can come back to this. Oh, it actually got it right this time. Okay, North Nest is a Paris-based elopement and destination photography studio. So would I take this exactly? No, I would make adjustments. I would say raw and emotional love stories for couples who value connection over tradition. And I might say Paris-based elopement, capturing raw and emotional love.

emotional love stories, because I don't need to say North and Nest again, right? That's already described, they see that already. So we remove redundancies and we get something beautiful right from this, okay? So make sure that you're making adjustments to this as you go. All right. I love the foundation work you guys have been doing throughout these steps. I'm hoping you're seeing your efforts are paying off like now, how quickly we can start moving through this. So the next piece after you update your title tag and your meta description, right? This is your headers. This isn't really a big deal. Most of the time you're not even adjusting the code on this.

you're just doing this visually, right? Most websites now we're just typing in things visually, but I want you to still know the terms. Whenever you hear the term H1, it's just talking about the primary header of a website, and H2 is a secondary header, and H3 is a third level header. An easier way to kind of like understand this idea, I almost feel like, is just to go, I'm just gonna pull up, sorry, not Google Analytics, let's go to Google Drive, okay? And this is a very easy way just to understand website structure in general. All I'm gonna do is pull up a Google document, and I'm gonna type in, this is the title of my document.

And guess what I'll highlight this and I go up to the styles and I select title Okay, this is the title of my document and then I go this is the first important thing. I want you to see That's my second layer and I go now that's my heading number one Okay, this is the next thing. I want you to read And we go heading number two and I go okay this is a Subpoint under this next thing that you just read and I go heading number three and Do you see how in the?

Organization right here. If you click on any of your Google Docs, by the way, it'll show you your tab structure What we're doing is is not just uh, it's not just showing hierarchy to this it's actually an organized method of Browsing the document right? It's a full outline and it's a clickable outline So if I actually pulled up something that was a little bit more in-depth, let me just Okay, I'm gonna grab This is my one of my consulting clients I'm working with I can I can use this to kind of move around This is what a sitemap is. It's just a document that tells Google where everything is

is on a website, but this is also what an individual web page is. Like an individual web page is just designed in a way where it's like this is the first thing I want you to see, this is the next thing I want you to see. And we use these silly terms, they're not silly, they're based on code and things that, you know, the organization method of it. We use these terms to describe it. And what I want you to recognize, these terms are anything crazy, they're not complicated, it's just an h1 is how you formatted in the past. I mean it's still this way, it was because this is the way you would format it in HTML. It would go like this, h1. So everybody started

calling them H1s, and now it became this big thing where people are like, holy shit, what are my H1s, what are my H2s, what are my H3s? No, again, all we're doing with a website or a webpage, with each page that we create, we're creating an outline, a structure of how people read it, of how they interact with it, and how do we design that structure in a way that makes sense to them? Which means that in the past, I would have told you in the past, make your H1 Los Angeles wedding photographer, but I've been telling you, actually, since I have version one of this last year, I was like, you really don't need to do that anymore. I would rather your H1 now be your clarified message, and then your H2, your secondary header.

right here to be your SEO title, right? Like if you wanted to be Los Angeles wedding photographer or Newport Beach newborn photography or Paris elopement or whatever that might be, I would make that the H2 now. And the reason is because search engines, they're incorporating a lot more intelligence than they used to. So whether something is an H1 or an H2, it's not gonna make a huge difference. Now, if you are old school and you wanna keep your H1 that way, I'm not gonna tell you not to, that's fine. But I'm always focused on what would a person rather see first? To be honest, if I land on Lineagers' website, I'd rather see crisp, clean, different.