Next, image search and optimization. I love image search and optimizing images because this is an area that can have a dramatic difference on not only your website's SEO, but also on just your ability for clients to be able to find you, right? We're gonna talk through each of these, but beyond kind of the basics of making sure that your website doesn't have poor or broken URLs, loading speed is really gonna be the big issue. Loading speed is the big thing that can help you boost ranking by simply making.

your page loads faster okay now there's only so much we can do because we are photography centric but i'm going to show you each step that we can do okay so the the reason why this is so worth doing is because image search is one of the best ways to be found i freaking love google image search especially in this ai search world right because if i nobody's going to go to chat gpt and say like um like show me examples show me examples of

weddings at Terranea in Palos Verdes. Okay, now the reason why we don't search this way is because generally we're not gonna get enough search results. Now, here's the beautiful thing, is look at what just happened. We tend to go to Google search for this right now. I do believe that this is gonna switch over to AI search, but watch what just.

So we're going to go to Google and I'm going to say Terranea Wedding photography Okay, and then this is still an easier way to find inspiration ideas, right? So most people will probably still do this but look at this Linen Jersa right there linen Jersa right there linen Jersa right there linen Jersa second row Linen Jersa linen Jersa, you can see all of them right like like and it keeps going like more linen Jersa

And then look at what the search engine brought up here. Here are examples at Terranea Resort. And look, an oceanfront ceremony lawn at Grassy Terrace perfectly framed, Leningrsa. My point in showing you this is that people that search for image inspiration, they're gonna find you either with Google search or with AI search. AI, like OpenAI right now, they're gonna be releasing a browser soon, right? And the browser is gonna do the exact same thing.

The browser is gonna actually be pulling images from search and it's gonna be feeding people to actual websites, right? Terranea Resort Wedding. So the point of this is we should be optimizing your images because it's one of those places that you can rank for quickly, right? Like you can, as long as somebody finds the image interesting and on target, like on topic, you're gonna rank for it. It doesn't need to be based off of website ranking and all that kind of stuff. You're gonna rank for it because the resort.

The result is relevant and it's interesting to the user. And search chat, AI-based search is not going to generate these images. They're going to pull from these images. So this makes it a huge kind of untapped resource to be able to take advantage of immediate search results. So I want you to make sure that you're prepping your images for SEO. Now here's how. The image optimization guide. So step one is you're going to compress the images. So don't.

don't upload these full-size bloated images to your website. Don't rely on your website's compression because a lot of times they'll be like, oh, we have our own compression. I mean, if that's one of the features that they really tout and they're like, this is how good it is and they show you and you're like, okay, I can do that. But for the most part, don't rely on their compression. What I want you to do at the most basic level is just correctly size and export your images. Meaning, if we're inside of Lightroom, and I'll pull it up just so I can quickly show you. If we're inside of.

Lightroom and we're about to export an image, I wanna make sure that on the long edge, I'm exporting to the right size. So look, when I go to export, if I, all you're gonna do is look up what is the page width of your blog? Like what is the image width that is on your blog, right? Maybe it's 1200 pixels. So all you're gonna do is go down and into the image sizing, resize, so the long edge is no more than 1200 pixels, okay?

Whenever you resize for pixels, you don't need to worry about resolution. If you wanna sharpen for screen, that's fine. But that's the first layer. The second piece is this 80 to 85% quality. I don't know why my Lightroom has been doing that lately. So at a minimum, from the same export window, you're gonna go back to quality. It'll come back in one second. You're gonna go back to quality and you're gonna choose 80, 85%. I mean, you can test it, but honestly, I cannot see a difference between 80 to 85%.

on the export size, and that makes a massive difference in file size. Okay, so that is the basic level of compression that I would incorporate onto everything. I love how now it's like hanging. There we go. Okay, mother tutter. There we go. Now, can I move it again? All right, while it's loading. Did it get it? Okay, here we go. So here's the file settings. We want it to be JPEG is fine. Limit file size. You can do that, or you can just simply reduce the.

the quality size down to like 80%, okay? This is the basics, and usually I'll include like sharpening for screen, and I'll just keep it like standard. So that by itself is already gonna compress the image pretty substantially. But you can do a secondary compression, and usually most of these will recommend that if you're gonna do secondary compression, don't do compression the first time, just run it through the secondary. But you can get plugins like JPEG Mini, they go onto Lightroom, and it'll literally, the best one that I've used.

is kind of JPEG Mini. There's compressed now, JPEG Mini, but choose whatever you like. JPEG Mini is nice, has a plugin for Lightroom, and you can choose the settings right there so you don't have to run it through again. It'll literally just compress it directly from Lightroom. And it'll get it dramatically smaller. So if you really want to optimize, then that's a great route. Okay, so that's step one of optimizing an image. Just make sure that we're not uploading. If you want to stop with just the Lightroom stuff, that's okay too. That's at least enough to make a big difference. Step.

Step two is that your file names. You need to have a brief SEO description of the image separated by dashes. So you're describing the image that you're seeing and each word is separated by dashes. So examples, Pasadena City Hall quinceanera dress. You can say, you know, you want to say something a little more specific. You want to say, you know, whatever type of dress you want to say, you know, what the woman is doing inside the dress. I don't care, but just a description there. Los Angeles Taglian wedding photography ring shot, right? New York City.

Family Photography, Central Park, Candid Photos. Utah Brand Portrait Photography, In Office, With This. I just didn't continue these by the way because it was running off the page and I think you get the point. Newborn Portrait Session, Kaiser Hospital, Seattle. So everything stays lowercase. Each file name is ideally unique. So what that means is if we're doing a blog entry, it is ideal, I don't want you to kill yourself over this, it is ideal though if each file name is unique, okay? So in each one you're.

describing that image. Now when we're lazy I might just export everything from a wedding and say you know this is Pasadena wedding you know Pasadena City Hall wedding and that's it right. The thing is that if all my images are labeled Pasadena City Hall wedding then again a decade ago Google would have thought that well all these images are the same they're not going to be substantially different. Today I don't know if that's going to be the case anymore. So that's again where I'm like

don't kill yourself over this because now that AI is involved in this process and they can scan images I don't know how relevant all these these different uh these different kind of SEO things are going to be moving forward because it can probably start generating its own descriptions for these images which are going to be more accurate than ours so keep that in mind it is ideal um you know if you're putting together a resource page and uh and we want this resource page to rank and we have 15 images I might spend the time

just to quickly do those 15 images. And I'll bet there's actually some AI-based things that will do this for you. If those tools don't exist yet, they probably will very quickly. But that's the file name portion of this. The next piece of that is that the alt text. This is a longer, clear, descriptive sentence of the image that you put, like, that goes into when you upload it to the website. It'll give you an option that says, like, alt text. And this is where you can just literally just write words, like bride and groom exchange vows at Los Angeles Rooftop Wedding.

engagement session with a couple of piggybacking in Griffith Park. This is where you literally just describe it. So once again, I'm going to tell you, I don't know how relevant these two things are going to be as we move forward in this like AI world where they can just scan and generate their own. But I think for the time being, it's still worth doing. If I, when I find out otherwise, I'll let you know, like, hey, let's not, let's not worry about that anymore because AI is handling all of that. But for the time being, it's still worth doing this. I would say on resource articles on major pages on your website, your homepage.

pages that you want to rank. I'd probably say on blog entries, if you just wanna batch name them based on one single description, that's fine. Like save time on that side so you don't have to do that with a ton of them. And yes, there is, I wouldn't go back through all of your images. Like if you already have websites up and everything, I might do this on pages that I want to rank well. Like specifically this Terranea Resort.

wedding page, where I'm like, I want this to, for all these to pull up for Terranea Resort. Yes, I might do it for a page like this, where there's only like 15 to 20 images on that page. I would not be doing this and going back through, you know, blog entries and stuff. Do not waste your time on something like that. Okay, the next step is, again, another ideal is that the images that we build into the website, that they're surrounded by a bit of relevant copy, right? Search engines, they kind of use the text around the image to.

get context of what you're saying and what that image is. So just understand that. Do you have to? No, but that is a useful piece. And then step five for optimizing for imagery is kind of an optional one. If possible, if you can implement lazy loading on your website, this is helpful. What this does is it makes it so that your website only loads as you scroll down. So basically stuff that's below the fold only loads as you move. I don't believe Linenjursa uses lazy loading, we just optimize. But.

this is an option that can further improve optimization a little bit. Not a must, but if your website host or the platform that you're using, if they offer this option, then turn it on. This is a useful thing for sure, okay? And that is it when it comes to kind of image optimization. So let's stick with the basics. Hopefully that all makes sense. Do not go back through and do this with like blog entries and whatnot. And if you wanna save time with blog entries as you move forward, I wouldn't.

worry about giving it other than, like just give everything a single description export, that's fine. I would spend the time to do this on like a resource page, a page that I really want to rank or images that I really want to show up in Google search. Okay. And another reason why like it's not necessarily worth doing this over a blog is because if I want something to show up in Google search, I want it to be an image that I'm genuinely proud of. Like a lot of images that go on your blog, they're going to be good, but their story.

They're, they're placed, you know, in there to kind of like help aid the story on their own. They don't really make that much sense, right? So if you have this like shoe shot and you, you SEO tag it and you do all these things and someone searches for a wedding at this location, your shoe shot shows up. That's not necessarily going to be something that they really care about, right? It's not necessarily going to draw them in. So that's why I'm saying like on a blog entry, this isn't necessarily as important because we don't really.

we want every single one of those images to show up. But on a resource page, when we're choosing like solid images for each one of these, those are places where like, we're like, oh yeah, we'd love for these to show up in search. Okay?