Okay, how to further optimize. So, a couple of other things that can help improve overall SEO. The first is internal linking. So, this is just one area of your website that links to another area of your website. This is why we say any of the really big, important pages on your website should be able to be found from your menu. Meaning, if we go to, let me just pull this up. If we go to,

the LinenJursa website, right? We have a lot of different resource pages and venue pages that we want to rank. So those need to be linked up. They don't have to be like directly linked, but they need to be linked up through a structure from the menu. Anything that's important, we should be able to find from the menu. Anything with like secondary importance, we should at least be able to find from like say a footer, right? So between those two, we should be able to find everything on the website. So internal linking is pretty huge. Notice the things that are really important. We send.

to them right at the top of the website. So if you click here and you go wedding venues, all these wedding venues, we're sending a lot of link juice to these pages. We're basically, if you think about it again structurally, right, from the form of like a document, anything that's at the top of the document, it should be more important than the rest, right? What we're doing in a menu is basically creating the outline for the document. And we're saying this is what you should be looking at. So if I want these pages to be an important part of a search engine.

then those get built onto my menu in some way. You'll notice that in client resources, or under resources, we have favorite vendors, we have wedding timeline, we have FAQs, we have client resources. Wedding timeline had its own, I believe Chris did this because it was a strong enough page on its own that he wanted to give more link juice to. So instead of putting it under client resources as just another page, he built it onto the main menu. So this is wedding photography timeline, ideal times for wedding, for your photography.

So, just understand that as you send, and when I use the term link juice, what I'm kind of saying is like, whether it's an internal link, like you show, you send, you have a menu link at the top that goes to another page, or whether it's an external link, somebody that is referring to your website, right? Think of each of these as like a little bit of link juices sent in that direction. And what that means is...

is search engines kind of treat that as like a bit of a referral. It's like, it's like someone saying, Hey, you should check this person out. Hey, you should check this thing out. Um, you're, you're lending a little bit of your credibility to that recommendation. And so that's what I am saying in terms of link juice. Right. And this is by the way, as long as it's a follow link, because there is someone can link to you and they can market as no follow, which means I'm going to, this is a person that does this, but I, I can't, you know, I can't stand for.

what they might do, their quality, anything like that. This is just somebody that does that. So a nofollow link doesn't give you any link juice. It has no benefit whatsoever. But anything that is a follow link does, even when it's an internal link, you're telling a search engine, hey, this page is important. So we need to understand that and have a good internal linking structure with your page. And you're gonna kind of build this over time. As you come up with resources, maybe you start putting in like, let's say we looked at Tom's Mott Photography.

Okay, so let's say we're scrolling down here, right, and Tom's got a page that he wants to rank and actually I don't think Tom has it yet. Let's go to Jesse and Dallin because they do have one example. These are former alumni Jesse and Dallin. You guys have seen quite a bit of that pull them up. So they have a resource page and what you can do is like you build out these resources and as you're like hey this is an important page I want to I want to reference you set divide

create a section of your of your homepage where it's like you scroll down and it's planning your wedding and these are specific guides and Sections that they have click here for more tips. This is their resource section and their blog, right? so this internal linking structure is is used to kind of Navigate not only help the the user figure out things that are important to them But to also help a search engine know like what what else is important on my site Okay helps your audience and it helps the search engine navigate from one area to another

Okay, I think we kind of covered what that is. So all you're gonna do is from your landing page, just make sure that you're directly linking to any important secondary or tertiary pages by adding the direct link to your menu or adding links within your landing page and copy whenever it's helpful, relevant. So that was an example of that was here where we had the landing page here and we added relevant links down below. And then including additional links within your footer, that's optional. So let's see, they don't have any on theirs,

We have some on ours, like insider footer for other things. But the main thing here is that when we design out the menu, notice that they have for brides and grooms. This is essentially like their experience and resource page, right? As I scroll here, I see their experience, how they're different, and then I have this whole wedding resources and advice. So you don't need to have every single thing linked up on the menu. What it needs to be is like, well, I have a page.

That's kind of my hub for all of these other resources, and I link to that in the menu. Okay, so just kind of keep that in mind as you're doing that, but this is very useful making sure that they can access those things directly from the menu. It's a big thing for improving overall optimization. All right, I'm going to pause here and jump to the next lesson.