Step 10, we are into social media marketing. This one is a doozy. That's why I have drank the coffee. I'm fully caffeinated. Maybe I've got some more stuff in me too. But it's all just to get powered through this section. Now look, I'm gonna give you guys a lot in this module. What I want you to recognize is that I'm not expecting you to implement everything right away. I'm expecting you to have ideas. And what we're really focused.

focusing on is how do we create good social media content. I'm gonna give you other strategies as we go, okay? So topics and pain points that we're hitting today is how do I generate leads through social media? What are easy social media strategies? Which platforms should I be using? How do I set up my social media profile? How do the algorithms work? This is gonna be key to making sure that we don't make mistakes when it comes to uploading content. How do I create good content? And how do I do this without wasting tons of time? I'll see you.

So how can I maximize these efforts? So we're gonna go through all of this. And really when we talk back or when we think on the leverage framework, this is our framework for top-down content design, right? What you've already been doing is all the SEO stuff. We worked through that in our previous modules. You should have kind of a library of SEO-based ideas going now. So we've checked that off. We have this kind of a library of these great articles, these resources that we've hopefully already started creating. Now what we're really focused.

is how do we viralize them through short-form content? So taking a lot of that same material and creating short-form content around it. That's one concept. We're also gonna just focus on how do we get good templated social media content. I have templates for you. We have other places where you can get good templates, make it really easy. So our focus really throughout this entire module is viralizing with short-form content. How do you create good short-form content? And I'll explain exactly what that is as we go.

Along the way, we're gonna touch on all these other points. So we're gonna be talking about, okay, well, do we wanna expand this into potential long-form content as well, like a YouTube video? We'll talk about email and nurture sequences. We're gonna talk about how we repurpose and share these videos, how we build a library around them so that we can reaccess and re-upload the same video. So you don't have to, look, after three to six months of creating, I don't expect you to create new videos every single time. I expect you to start repurposing and reusing. We're gonna create a library of these.

sets so that we can repurpose and reshare them. We're also gonna talk about growing basically your own community through potentially bringing in emails via lead magnets, okay? I'm gonna explain all this as we go. And of course, experimenting and kind of expanding our content buckets. So this module, we're really hitting most of the leverage framework, okay? And we're gonna build upon that first layer with strategic content there. So again, this is fast paced, right? I believe that for this.

education for any education to be effective. It needs to be simple. It needs to be short and easy to implement. So I expect you to pause to put this into practice and to repeat. I also expect you to kind of work on one thing at a time. So look, really what I want you to focus on, if this is your first time hitting this module, I want you just to focus on understanding and starting to publish short form content. Then let's add one extra layer to it. Let's say, okay, now I'm gonna kind of, maybe I'm gonna build a lead magnet.

next so I can grow my own community, grow my email list, and have a call to action with these. Then, well, what if I create a nurture sequence? Since I'm bringing people in, I need a nurture sequence now. I want you to work through this process in layers. I don't want you to watch this module and go, okay, I'm gonna try to implement all of this in one go. You're gonna quickly overwhelm yourself. And truthfully, you don't need to. What we really need to be doing is a few things well in our marketing strategy. I'm giving you a lot of different marketing strategies

that work very effectively, I want you to pick two or three of these. I don't want you to go, I'm gonna take all 10. I want you to pick a few and lean into the ones that really work well for you, for your personality, and don't overwhelm yourself, okay? Plus, if you ever get stuck, if you're like, what's the ideal next thing for me, then I'm gonna say between any mentorship sessions, just jump into the group, okay? You can jump into the group, you can go into an open session, ask your questions, ask for feedback, for review.

My favorite things is when you guys are starting to publish your shorts, get some feedback from your peers. Let me weigh in on some thoughts. We're also doing social media audits every now and then, so jump in on those as well, okay? And also, it's a wonderful place to share those wins and aha moments and all of it. Okay, we're good to go. Let's jump into the first lesson.