It's full 360 perspective. The con of the Insta360 or even like a GoPro is that you have to sort through a lot of footage. And with the Insta360, you have to use their software to basically find the footage, the angles. It can be a little bit time consuming, but if you like this option, that's a great one too. And what I'd really recommend is use the Costco loan program, okay? The Costco loan program, for those that don't know, is you go to Costco or a place that has, like Amazon has a decent 30-day program, and you try something out, and if it doesn't work, you got 30 days or Costco gives you 90 days, and you just return it. Yes, that is the Costco loan program. It's their own policy. Don't hate me for it. Like, look, not trying to be shady here. I don't do it over and over again. Maybe once or twice. All right. Tom gave a really great, so I gave you guys some links to each of these items. Tom gave a really great setup for this, and so I wanted to like call attention to it, and I also used his affiliate links right here to kind of help Tom out. So if you decide to go this route, these are his links. But basically, he has a shoulder mounted, so if you're using like a camera strap, this is the Holdfast Moneymaker. If you're using that camera strap.

then you can actually strap like a Insta360 or another camera directly to it. And he mounts it horizontally, which I think is the ideal angle because it gives you a better kind of point of view versus the tall angle. But anyway, this is his setup. These are the links for the different parts you would need for that. And we'll give Tom a shout out for putting that together because people were having questions on that. Okay, I don't care how you do it. Pick any of these. Bottom line is I just need you to get decent behind the scenes. Remember, social media is showing what you do, showing what you do, showing what you do. We cannot show what you do without behind the scenes video, okay? And believe me, when a client sees you working behind the scenes and they see you engage with somebody and they're like, man, Bob, you are so personable. Man, Meredith, you are so incredibly good with pets, with animals, with people. Man, Carson, the way that you direct and when they see that, that is one of the biggest elements of social proof and sales you can get to them because nothing can convey.

that like literally seeing you in action. It's powerful, we need it. This also means that if you haven't yet developed out your portfolio and we're going and putting together these planned test shoots to create the right images that fit your portfolio, that fit the brand that you're trying to create, every single test shoot you should be getting behind the scenes video of like every good shot that you have. Even if you get a shot and you're like, wow, that's a really nice shot. And you're like, oh, I wasn't filming. Do it again, hit record, pretend to take the shot again or just take it like, I wanna try one more thing guys. Let me just try this one. Oh, let's do another shot here where I try a little bit of a different pose. Do it again, spend the 30 seconds. You don't need, for good behind the scenes, we need 15 seconds. You don't need to be there for minutes upon minutes like doing something, we need 15 seconds. Something that shows an interaction, it shows a scene, that's it, okay? If it's longer, by all means, but in general, when it goes into a clip, you're gonna shorten it down to like three to five seconds anyway, all right. Okay, so I have a bit of homework now. I want you to create your first short via our templates.

It's okay. So in the step one for this is just go to your brand strategist, not your brand, I'm sorry, your brand and strategy workbook. I should have not have named those so similarly. But under the resource tabs, we developed basically several templates for you that you can utilize, okay? These are all different templates that kind of just tie into things that are interesting. It helps you kind of gauge how to speak on social media basically. And each one of them has a description and like the recipe. Like this one is one behind the scenes video, eight final images, okay? This one's 31 final images, so it's just a slideshow. This one's one BTS. There's some in here that are like one BTS and four images. One, three BTS videos, which are like three small pieces and one final image, two BTS, one final image. So, you know, you're gonna pick one based on the material that you might have from the shoot, okay? And here's what we're gonna do. So pick one, we're gonna edit it via canvas. So these are all on the desktop. They're not like the, it's much easier than like say creating this from scratch, but still it's a little bit annoying that you gotta go to the desktop and do this. We're gonna have other tools for you that I'll show you in a bit. But you're gonna click the link and you're gonna.

to click use template so let's just go through this together okay so let's do one of these we'll do one that's kind of fairly simple to BTS one final image beautiful things and we're gonna hit that one okay now what we want to do is use the template it's gonna give you a link you know what let me do this let me open this I'm gonna copy the link and we're gonna open it incognito because I think I'm already logged into Canva so let's I want you guys to see the view that you'll get mother tutter oh did it did it actually give me the same link okay let's go back and copy that one link copy okay you got to be joking is that one link broken maybe you guys can set it up test it if anyone's watching live and I'm gonna grab a different one if it is I'll fix it later so let's look at

Okay, I'm gonna click Edit Brand Template. What you'll see on your side is you should see a prompt that basically says Use Template for New Design and you're gonna select that, okay? You're not gonna have the ability to edit the templates. I converted some of these to brand templates, which is why maybe right now some of the links are broken. But if they are, I'll fix them real quick. What you're gonna do is insert your B-roll, your final images, and just make sure that the timing is correct. And then you're gonna download it as a 1080p video and you can publish from there, okay? So you'll see very quickly what this is. So this is. You wanna see something cool? No. Well, I'm gonna do it anyway. What, what, what, what, what, what? Okay, very simple. This is two behind-the-scenes videos. You wanna see something cool? No. Well, I'm gonna do it anyway. And then a final image, right? Now, as you're looking at this, I want you to kind of start thinking about speaking in social media terms, right? Because look at how short this is. And by the way, there's instructions on the beginning of each one of these, okay? But look at how simple this is. It is roughly, let's see, two. It's less than 10 seconds in total. Yo, you wanna see something cool? It explains one thing.

No, well, I'm gonna do that one thing and then it shows now What else is there? There's actually so there's a text hook there, isn't there? explaining one thing flash explaining another thing But there's also an audio hook. The audio hook is the song itself This is where a trending sound can be potentially useful the reason why it's useful is because a lot of people have already heard this sound and They know that there's a drop in the song, right? And so what they're gonna do is they're gonna wait for the drop because when they see you show behind the scenes And they see this they're gonna go. Oh, there must be a reveal. There must be a payoff So they wait for the drop in the song and as they wait for a drop because they're trained to do that What does it do to average watch time? Well, i'm gonna do it. It lifts your average So editing these are very simple. The only thing that I would note here is when you're so if I go to Just look at videos that I have right? These videos aren't going to necessarily sync up But let's grab this video. The only thing that I would actually that video is a video by itself Let's use this one. The only other dimension is when you grab a video

So like this one's 14 seconds and this one is what is this? 1.9 seconds, right? It's going to adjust the time to this new length. So see how it adjusted the time to that new length. I'm gonna pause this so it doesn't keep going. So the important thing to remember is to click on this and just trim it right here to 1.9. Okay, you trim it to 1.9 and then you use this little slider to move it around as to like which 1.9 seconds you want it to be, okay? So that's the main thing is just make sure that you actually trim it. And I think I actually did this on two layers instead of one layer. So there we go. So you select this. I wish it did not play it every time I clicked it. You go 1.9 seconds. Okay, hit enter. And then you just move this around to the correct 1.9 seconds and then you're good to go. So basically what I'm saying is make a mental note. This is two seconds. So when you drop the new one in, it's two seconds. Adjust that back at two seconds. When you do that.