doing it, it's not like we're spending time on this. So this is the automated Pinterest hack, and it works regardless of kind of the genre that you're in. It's a really great strategy. So I gave you a little Pinterest mood board playbook. Step one is just to connect Pinterest. I already linked up kind of the most common instructions based on these platforms, so you can go check those out. But I also gave you an AI prompt, just how do I set up the Pinterest plugin on my blog and just put in your website platform, okay? Next, you send the email. I've given you that too. I'm trying to give you as much of this as possible. So before the shoot or the talk-through, you send the email instructing them to put together the Pinterest mood board. Obviously, you're gonna find these in the brand and strategy workbook, and I'm not expecting that you just cut and paste this. I'm expecting that you change it, make it your own words, adjust everything however you see fit, but it gives you a place to kind of begin with this, okay? And then from there, you're going to talk it through. So we're gonna schedule the talk-through prior to the shoot and you're gonna basically connect the wave. You're gonna connect their value board to the images that resonate on their mood board, okay? So we're not gonna use one.

in lieu of the other, basically, we're gonna use both these tools. Okay, now, looks like there's a question, let me just check it out. Is it good to only add pins to the blog or could it be on the whole website? I mean, you could do this on the entire website, but I think it's generally we just do it on the blog because the reason why is that I don't necessarily like the idea of putting it all over the images on the website because it very quickly allows them to leave the page, right? When you put it just on the blog, then you're directing them to that place and you're giving them instructions on like what it does. When they land on our homepage, when they're getting to know us, we wanna keep them there. So we wanna guide them through the website. So I would encourage you not to actually install it throughout the entire website, okay? That was a great question, by the way. So these on-topic questions, I love them. And just a side note, we film generally, when we add new modules, we're filming them live. You don't need to watch them live, but when we have relevant questions as we're filming live, then they make it into the material. Okay, so any other questions, please feel free to just bring them right to the Mastermind, or not the Mastermind, the mentorship group.

All right, now is this useful for other genres? Yes, newborns, yes, maternity, yes, family, yes, like literally every single genre. Weddings, of course. Branding, yes, why wouldn't it apply to branding? Why wouldn't, it might be a little bit different. Like you might say, if it's headshots and it's a very standardized product, right? Then we might go, okay, like maybe we don't use this strategy when the image is very homogenous, okay? When it's very like just standard. But even with headshots, if you have different styles, if you have different backdrops, if you cater it to a client, there's nothing wrong with saying, hey, go to the blog and pin a couple headshots that you feel like might resonate with the company's style, okay? There's nothing wrong with that. For branding, of course, like you're doing brand portraits, editorial portraits, all these types of things. Like I'm thinking of like one of our alumni, Carson, right? His imagery, he has these amazing editorial images in all sorts of different spaces, different CEOs, executives, chefs, all this kind of stuff. You absolutely want somebody to go looking through and seeing.

and all the different type of work that you create as you do this. Now, if you wanna make it very easy for somebody to do this, you could always put together like a best of blog entry. So like, this is my best of 2025, right? And let's say you feature 50 to 100 images. It's like your 100 favorite images that year. That would be a very easy way where you can say, just go check out this best of folder and pick out your 10 favorites, things that resonate with you, your brand, how you wanna communicate to a client, if it's a wedding client, how you want to feel, all that kind of stuff. But you can always make it very simple for them where they don't even have to go looking through multiple blog entries. They can just see like the best of in one as well, okay? So this is one of those low hanging fruits where I'm like, before we really go deep into social media, I think practically everybody should be doing this. So this is one where I would say pause and let's get this implemented, installed and into your workflow, because it's such an easy way of just getting your images out there and also improving your actual deliverable and process that for 99.9% of people.

this is going to be beneficial. All right, get to it. Holler if you have questions. I mean, holler in chat GPT on this one if you have questions. If it's technical, if it's not technical, bring it to the group. Okay, time to set up your social media profiles. So look, before we start publishing on social media, we obviously want to make sure that the actual profile itself is set up properly. Otherwise, it's like we're not really going to be able to get people to convert to what we're trying to sell them in terms of services, okay? So on every social profile, what I want to see is a nice big portrait of you because for most of us, we're building personal brands. The one exception to this might be if you're building an associate brand, you might instead use the logo rather than say one single portrait because you're building obviously an associated brand with a lot of different people. We want your clarified message in there. You know, I help people with this. I do this. I create this. We want that clarified message there. We want a big call to action that goes points straight down to the website, okay? Right there below, we either have a link to the website or we use a bio app. There's plenty of these like Lincoln biotype apps and we basically want to bring

bring them directly to our contact page. We wanna bring them directly to the place where they can actually reach out and book an appointment or a consult with us, okay? And then it's nice also if your account is verified, it adds a little bit of extra trustworthiness. I would say it's optional, but it's a nicety, okay? Annoying that we have to pay for that. I wish there was just a legit process to get verified. That's an annoying thing. So the basics, without these basics, a profile that includes basically what you do, how to get in touch, then it's like, why are we publishing videos, right? Because if we publish, there's really no way for them to connect the dots. Only somebody that's very, very interested is gonna see a video, not be able to connect the dots on their own. They're gonna go, oh, it's this company, so I'm gonna go and do a Google search. Very few people are gonna actually follow through with that. So let's actually help give them breadcrumbs through this process before we start really heavily publishing. Now, the platforms that I would like you to focus in on, Pinterest, obviously, you're just gonna use that Pinterest mood board playbook. So Pinterest is like an automated strategy. We're not gonna really spend much time there other than just that strategy that goes into your workflow.

you to spend the majority of your time is basically Instagram. Instagram has always been the ideal place for photography and people looking for photography so it makes it the strongest platform. If you want to pair with it Facebook like if you want to publish to a Facebook page as well that's totally fine but Instagram is kind of like the the bread and butter for this and the nice thing too is that your reels like whenever you publish shorts they're gonna be displayed on Facebook anyway so they they display when someone's in Facebook and they're looking at shorts they're actually seeing the the Instagram reels and they can click over and see those. The the other place I would say is if you are a branding or commercial portrait photographer then LinkedIn would be a great place as well to publish material too. Now for YouTube for most of you I would say we're really not gonna we're really not gonna focus on publishing there. You might want to like if we create a long form video we might host it via YouTube and embed it onto our website but we're not trying to build that platform out unless you're specifically trying to start a YouTube channel but that's really a different thing altogether different business different course altogether right and then tick-tock I would say skip this unless you really just love the platform and the environment

There the reason is is that a lot of studies have come out to show like tick tocks a really great place if you're selling Like a low ticket item, but for high ticket luxury purchases, it doesn't tend to translate So if you get a large audience, I'm not saying you can't get some of those people to convert What I'm saying is it's just not as effective as as say Instagram and because usually for most of us time is limitation I would rather you focus all those efforts on say Instagram versus splitting your time between two places Okay, so for most of us really what we're looking at is Instagram is gonna be the place where we're spending the most time And where we're publishing the most, okay Now the social media profile guide. So here's a guide to basically help you understand what to put in your profiles I went through a couple alumni's profiles. It looked like they already had most everything So I'm gonna I'm gonna go through what they have what they did really well And I'm also gonna give you a bit of feedback and critique as well So you guys know exactly what I'm kind of looking at. So this is Tom lebsack alumni Mott photography Great portrait like look at how large the picture is. You can see his face I hate it when I see a picture of somebody and it's like this