Okay, now I'm gonna make sure that this delivers on what I wrote up here in terms of that hook. So what I want you to recognize is that no matter what type of content I'm creating, no matter, and really we can remove the term content, we can replace it with anything, whether it's a marketing message, whether it's a course, whether it's a video, whether it's on YouTube, whether it's on Instagram, no matter what I'm creating, I'm starting with what is the value, what is the hook, what is the element that I want to create, the reason why I want somebody to watch this, and then we deliver on that, okay? And ultimately, I'm giving you a formula to do this throughout this entire module, but really what you're learning is just how do you tell an easy to understand story? It's just storytelling made simple. That's kind of the secret that you're learning right now, is this is just storytelling. Now, most of you as photographers, you're already good about telling a visual story with images, with photography, but you'll remember that there was a point in time where you weren't that good at it. There was a point in time where you were like, man, these album spreads and layouts that other people are putting together are so cool. They've incorporated details, and they've incorporated.

incorporated the getting ready and they've incorporated all these different elements and I feel like it tells a true story. There was a time when you were learning that as well. Now you're simply learning how do we take this skill of storytelling and apply it to a different area, to social media, to a short form video, to a long form video, to an article, to a resource, all of that. I'm going to give you examples of storytelling hooks and then I'm going to give you a four step spoken hook formula in case you want to narrate a hook or speak a hook, say in a talking head style video. So these are examples of storytelling hooks, things that you've probably heard quite a bit on other social media videos. So for just a moment, I want you to imagine and then you continue the story, right? I have a story I've been dying to tell you or I have a story I've been dying to tell someone about. So look, I'm going to tell you. Let me tell you a story, a true story, mind you. Have you ever wondered what it would be like if I want you to close your eyes and just picture this with me for a moment. I've been holding onto a fascinating story that is too good not to share.

All of these are opening storytelling hooks that make a person go, hey, I kind of want to stick around and see what this person has to say, right? And then what comes after it, we need to make sure that it delivers on each of these promises. But if there was a formula for like a spoken hook, right? Now, obviously there's spoken hooks, but there's also all of these other types of hooks. There's visual hook, a text hook, a sound hook, narrated hook. Narrated is what I mean by a spoken hook and I'm gonna flip-flop that. As well as a viral hook, right? But if we're talking about like, is there a formula for say a spoken hook in case you want to do a talking head video, in case you want to narrate a video, that's why I said spoken versus narrated because narrated, you're not on the screen. Spoken hook is like, it could be a talking head, it could be a narrated video, it's just something that you say out loud, okay? So what you're gonna do is grab any one of your SEO topics or articles, go back to your niche keywords in step six and eight, and then we can turn it directly into a short form video using the viral video creator. So basically we can do this in a number of ways. If you already have an interesting topic here, great, go and grab one of those and we can just use that topic.

If you've already created resources, fantastic. If not, you can use this AI prompt with your brand strategist to help you ideate, okay? So what I would do is go back to my brand strategist. I'm gonna click down here. Where is it? See more, my brand strategist. And I would just drop this into my brand strategist. Okay, this will give you your ideas in terms of, like if you need to ideate on what you could possibly speak about. If you don't have ideas from like the previous section. So how to choose, my Northern Nest was an elopement brand, right? So this gives me elopement type videos or concepts. Okay, so fantastic. From there, well, we're gonna go to this next piece. You just select a spoken hook format. So I've given you, this isn't like an end all, be all list. It's just an idea of say 12 different, very common formats. Like if you're planning, so going back to this, right? If and then. If you are planning an elopement in Paris, then here are five incredible locations to consider, right? So you can take.

any one of these hook formats, and basically just turn each of those ideas into this little hook. So secrets and hacks. I'm gonna share with you my secret, okay. Here are like, here are my 10 secret hidden gem locations for eloping in Paris, okay. The number one thing, if you're eloping in Paris, the number one thing I've learned is dot, dot, dot. So each of these just gives you an idea. All you gotta do is start with this hook format, and then you're gonna speak to your audience. You're gonna make sure that you're always saying, if you are, you're gonna use the word you at least once within this hook. If you are planning an elopement, okay. Here is my secret for your elopement in Paris, whatever it might be. And obviously, it'd be ideal if we can include some power words in there. So power words are words like secret, right, or here's proven, or genius, or hidden, or all of these are power words to make somebody go, hmm, I wanna, I really wanna check this out. Now, if we can include some numbers or points on that list too, that's even better. So going.

Going back to this, right? Let's see, here's how you can, or let's say if you're eloping in Paris, then here are three hidden locations you gotta check out. Perfect. Or if you're planning a surprise proposal, here are three incredible locations you have to check out, right? The number one thing I've learned as a maternity photographer is dot, dot, dot, whatever you wanna say. The biggest mistake you'll make when it comes to planning your wedding, or there are three, here are the three biggest mistakes you'll make when planning a wedding timeline. Be specific in terms of like, when planning a wedding, or when it comes to your photography and wedding timeline, be a little more specific than that. But I think this gives you ideas. Speak to your audience. Use power words in it. And then when you can, include numbered point lists. And I've given you just a whole little set of examples. Here are, you know, if you feel low mood, here are three things that are gonna help. Stop taking pictures like this, try this instead. Now, obviously, these are gonna be hooks that are on various topics.

I want you to see what it looks like on these different topics, and you can apply it to whatever niche, whatever genre that you would like, okay? But obviously, you know, here are my three favorite food joints in Los Angeles. You wouldn't just take this and run with it as a photographer. That doesn't make any sense. But you would say, here are my three favorite, let's say, my three favorite wedding venues in Los Angeles. Or three awesome home improvement hacks that you need to know. Here are three awesome posing tips. Or here are three awesome posing hacks that you need to know when it comes to Dua photography. Perfect, right? All of those work, and you're simply going to take this and apply it. So these are great for anything that is spoken or narrated. These are great sample hooks to really bring people in. Now, question for you. When you use a spoken hook, should you still be incorporating a visual, a text, a sound, and these other elements? Absolutely. Just because you create, just because you have one of these, doesn't mean that we don't want more. Ideally, we want as many of these as possible without them getting like messy, right? Sometimes if you have a narrator hook, but you're also doing like a sound hook, and it can get very messy if you combine.

multiple, but most definitely I want to have a visual hook and a text hook with every single one of these things that I create and then, you know, pepper in either a sound or a narrated or a viral hook on top of that, okay, to make something more engaging, more interesting, but a visual and a text hook, yes, every video should have those, even when it's narrated, we should have that. All right. Okay. If there are, I don't think there are any questions on this one. We have a lot to cover. So let's just go ahead and dive into the next lesson. Um, but not until like, I would like you to actually complete this assignment of creating your first talking head style or narrated video. So I'd like you to have one of these tested out. I want you to, I want you to feel what the process is like. I want you to get the video up because this is such an easy way to directly engage with your audience to show your personality. It's such an easy style of content to add to your content buckets, which we're going to talk about, uh, that I don't want you to overlook this type of material. Very useful, very effective. Get after it. Okay. Now we'll go on. Let's talk about this next piece now. And, and here, what we're really going to be going into is we're learning how to create.