This is one of the SEO driven articles on my website. Help me turn this into ideas for short form. Talking head style videos. So I can literally give it the entire piece and we're now basically on the third custom GPT, right? We have one and then we push to another and we push to another and look what it gives me. You don't have to fight tourists at the Eiffel Tower to have a meaningful Paris elopement. So what it's gonna do is actually give you the opening hooks that would be great for like audio, like text, not spoken hooks, okay? It's gonna then give you a script outline. It's then gonna give you additional short ideas based on this blog entry. So a hidden gem elopement spot. Like you can literally open up a video with this might be the most romantic park in Paris that nobody's heard of. Perfect for elopements. It's called Buttes Chamond. I'm sure my pronunciation was spot on perfect.

Okay, and then you say it's perfect for, and you say whatever you want to say about it, right? So one video could just highlight a specific location. A video could also be, here's my five favorites. Now notice, if it's my five favorites, it's quicker, right? Okay, so for example, the script outline, the title is Five Elopement Locations in Paris for Introverts Who Hate the Spotlight. This is 60 seconds, and I would open it with like, look, you don't have to fight tourists at the Eiffel Tower to have a meaningful Paris elopement. Here are five locations that I love for Introverts Who Hate the Spotlight. Number one is Parc de Butte-Chamon. It's a hidden gem in the 19th, and I'd say that. Number two is the Square d'Avert-Gallant. Number three is Parc Monceau, and I would just say one line about each of those. But notice how, if we're gonna include more points, they're faster and more punchy, right? If we're gonna go deep into one, we give more ideas behind that one, right? We show more images, we go in depth. But this is a very easy way to start creating shorts around all the amazing content that you're creating for yourself.

resources. Now here's where it gets very very powerful right because if I also designed a lead magnet and we're gonna talk about those as we go but I want you to have the idea in your head now if I also design a lead magnet that were my 10 favorite elopement locations in Paris then what I would say at the end of the video is look if you want my Paris elopement guide just click the link in my bio it's absolutely awesome and it's completely free. Now you've got an on-topic video that talks about locations for elopements you have an ongoing lead magnet that gives them more and in exchange you get their information back and is it targeted yes because we open the video when we talk about targeting the right audience with a paid ad we have all these little checkboxes and things that we can put in to target the right people right when it comes to organic content we rely on our hooks to target the right audience we rely on the content itself to target so the fact that we're saying look if you are eloping in Paris you don't have to fight tourists at the Eiffel Tower let me give you some of my favorite

locations instead. That's the hook that clarifies who we're speaking to and who's going to be interested in this piece of content. And as algorithms get more and more AI-driven and more and more sophisticated, that opening hook is going to become your categorization that the AI is going to use to say, oh, this is a topic. I know that topic. This person's interested in that. I'm going to serve it directly to them. So think of your hook like that. Your hook is not only giving them a reason to stay, telling them what they're going to get in return, but also identifying exactly who we're speaking to. Now this is pretty fun, right? How we can use existing content, but let me show you another way that you can use the short form bioscriptor. What I can do is go back to my brand strategist and let's just say, did it give me, okay, I think I did this earlier. Knowing what you know about my brand. Okay. There was somewhere where I had, let's see, my meta description, strategy, okay.

We'll just take the last one. Can you be sure to remember I'm based out of Paris? Go back to our original conversations. Okay, my network connection has been, you guys are still here, right? You can hear me okay? Cool, okay, I'm gonna grab this, there we go. So what I could do is go straight for my brand strategist, okay? I can go to my short form viral scripter and I can say, this is my brand. Help me find awesome topics for short form content. And you can go straight from there too. So we don't have to just pull, it might have been, was it Paris? I don't remember where it was. But you get the idea of this. So look, what it's gonna come back with is it's gonna use the same framework. This is the framework that I use to create content that helps framework.

Love and presence driven topics, elopement and destination experience topics, connection and emotional support topics. Are you overwhelmed with wedding planning? We can literally just have a conversation about that. All I do is I say, okay, what do we do when our clients are super nervous? Let's do a video on this and I bring that up. Key points, so if I'm doing this as a talking head video, what do we do when you feel kind of nervous in front of the camera? Well here's what we do inside of our studio. First I never expect couples to perform and what I might say is, oh, what it needs from me is key points. Okay, so it's missing those key points. Once I have these three pieces, I'll generate the key points. Okay. Point number one, I don't pose. I direct and help them. Let's see, number two, I want imagery that feels.

Feels authentic. I'm just putting in some BS right now. Three. And feel supported and taking time. Okay. So I gave it the key points. Now it's gonna give me my opening hooks and everything like that. Okay, so if you feel awkward in front of the camera, good. That means you're human. Here's how I approach my shoots. Okay. And then we simply would go through our script. And you can always say like, it actually asked me, do you want a 30 second compressed version of this too? Sure. You can always go back and forth, say, let's shorten this, let's do this, let's give it 30 seconds or 20 seconds. But this is another way that you can basically ideate around these short form topics that you can bring. Now, one of the questions that has come up is, do you have to be talking head for these short form videos or can you just incorporate the hook into your reel using images, music, and then writing the content into your IG captions? Abso-freaking-lutely.

Look, this content works a number of different ways. I like talking head for some because we're gonna talk about this idea of content buckets, okay? These are different categories of content we create. So one content bucket would be like a talking head video and I'm gonna give you examples of more later. Another example would be like, well, we could take this content and we could put it into a carousel, couldn't we? Like three simple ways to be fully present on your elopement day, couldn't that just be a carousel of images that we actually just show? Like you can easily go right over here to Canva. Watch this. Okay, we're gonna create a new and I'm gonna put carousel. Okay, we're gonna do Instagram carousel. And then it's gonna give me templates right over here. So I can choose any one of these carousel templates that fit my brand, I can make my own. Let's say I choose this one. Okay, apply all six pages. And then all I do is I go back to ChatGPT, three simple ways to be fully present. And you can present the material.

through a carousel, couldn't you? And you literally go to the next one, drop in the next one, go back to chat, everything, right? So what if I did this one? Let's see. Feel awkward means you're human. Here's how I approach each shoot. Okay, and we simply grab the points. I mean, we need to come up with points that actually would fit. But this is a really easy way to create a great piece of carousel content. So you can drop this into a carousel, which is another type of content bucket, right? You could use talking head, that's you speaking to the camera. You could do something, and we're gonna talk about repurposing. The idea here is when you have a great piece of content that does well, you repurpose it. So if it's a talking head video, you then turn it into a carousel and post the same thing again. This is how we can get so much.

out of so little with a top-down content marketing design, we don't have to sit here and always come up with new things. We can come up with new ways of talking about the same things. And that makes your life much, much easier. So, great question and I hope that kind of brings a lot of clarity to this as well. I think you guys get the idea of how we can use the Vyral Scripter. If at any point you're ever confused with this, you can always drop right into the Vyral Scripter and just say, how do I use you? Okay. It'll give you a set of instructions and guides. Here's how to use me. Give me some key points. Give me ideally what length you'd want if you want to call to action. So, here's an example prompt that you might give. So, you can work by giving it an SEO article. You can work by giving it an existing piece of content. You can work by scratch or you can work through this format of like, just giving it a topic that you want to talk on. Okay. And then it'll create each piece for you. One thing that I currently don't kind of recommend is, I don't like using chat GPT and AI tools right now to create the carousels. I generally just create the content. I reword it and then I'll bring it to another platform. You can use.