Well, let's say that I'm often shooting kids in a field, right? So all I'm gonna do is grab a field image. Anything that you see here under videos, anything you see with a crown means that you need a premium account. Anything without the crown, you don't. So this one, I don't need a premium account. So I'm gonna use that one. What I'm gonna do now is go to the elements, click, make sure you clear this, otherwise it shows only the filtered ones that say field. So I'm gonna say square. I'm gonna add a rectangle. I'm doing this quick because I know you guys can watch a replay and I wanna show you how fast this can be. I'm gonna change this square to black and I'm gonna lower the transparency, okay? So now what I've done is I've created a video with an overlay, okay? Now I'm gonna go to text and watch this. We're gonna pick, I'm just gonna make this simple. We're gonna pick one of their already designed kind of like text pieces, right? Obviously you wanna spend a little bit of time to make this look like our brand, but I'm not gonna worry about this right now. I'm just gonna pick one. So content that clicks. And what I'm gonna say instead is five tips for video.

Let's say, let's see. Five tips, I'll say three tips. Three tips for photographing children. Okay, I'm gonna ungroup this so I can modify each one of these. I'm gonna change the color here. Okay, I'm gonna hold down Alt or Option, click and drag this so I get a copy of that. And then I'm just gonna change the font. We'll just go Noah to make it simple. I'm gonna shrink it down. Read in caption. And then I'm gonna include a little arrow. Now your arrow could be an emoji or your arrow could be an actual like element. Like you can go here and just pick an arrow, right? I can grab this. Okay, read in caption. Now I'm just gonna take this clip and I'm just gonna chop it so it's a looping footage. So what are we gonna do? We're just gonna grab it right here. I'm just gonna click Chop Anywhere, delete this piece off, and now I have a little seven second video. Three tips for photographing.

Having children read in caption. If you do family portraits, you could come up with any concept you'd like here. You're often shooting in the field. This looks on brand. And now what you do is you write the actual tips into the caption. Now, because somebody is going to open up those, those, that caption, and then start reading what happens to average watch time, you've made a seven second video, but it's going to take them 30 seconds, 40 seconds to read it. So the engagement time, your, your average watch time becomes like three, four, 500% because they're sitting there reading some really good tips on there. Right. We made this in what a minute or two, and you can reuse this now multiple times based on different things. You want to share posing ideas, you know, elopement tips, uh, mistakes that, that you want people to avoid all of these things you can incorporate. And if you ever are short on ideas, then you go right back to chat. We go to the viral script writer, or let's go to the short form viral. There we go. Right here. Say, I've got an awesome Instagram post.

where I want, and let me just shrink this a little bit so you guys can see. I think it might be at the very bottom of the screen. Okay, I want to have them read the tips in the caption while there's a simple looping video. Write me an amazing caption designed for, designed to give parents tips on photographing their children, okay? Now, I don't know if I love this concept necessarily, like tips on photographing their children because you're kind of teaching them to do it themselves. It's not a bad way to go about it. You could be that authority that teaches them how to do stuff when you're not there, but we want to make sure that this is on brand, right? And it goes, five simple tips to instantly improve photos. Get on their level. Oh, what a great tip. Like shooting from their eyeline makes your images feel more connected and natural. That actually would be really cool, right? Use natural light. I love that. Don't say cheese. Instead, tell a joke, let them play. I love all of these. So all you're going to do now is just grab whatever you want here, modify it a little bit, copy and paste this right into the caption of that video. And now you've got.

a beautiful piece of content for your social media positions you as authority it gives value it hits all the marks and you're good to go cool is that kind of fun and easy like a nice way to to see how to repurpose something so you can create a carousel infographic you can create a read and caption post all that works you could also then go to like okay i've got some really great concepts that i think would make for a fantastic lead magnet so you can turn a bunch of popular topics into a valuable lead magnet use that at the end of your your videos as a call to action to get them to provide their email and phone number we're going to talk about creating this in just a little bit as well in these lessons but i want you to get ideas include the content in your onboarding sequence we've already talked about this you can add the content as well to your newsletter if you post something that's interesting and you're sending out a newsletter you can include that content in there as well the last piece short form so what i'm saying here is you can refresh and repost almost as often as you'd like every seven days every 30 days like it's almost unlimited in terms of refreshing and reposting a video if you've modified a video yeah within a week two weeks feel free to repost

publish and repost, but you can also simply reshare a high-performing post or high-performing video every three months or so without ever touching it. Meaning like, let's say you have something that just does really well. About every few months, I'll just take that exact same video with no modifications and I'll republish it. And I'll say, throwback to this video, if you're new here, make sure you check this out. And then you'll find that the video will do well again. And it's very interesting because you can literally reuse the exact same piece of content with no changes and it's still gonna do well in the algorithm because it was a good piece of content to begin with. So the way that we talk on ShortForm, a lot of us worry about, like, should I, you know, a lot of us worry about, am I saying too many things? And my thought is always, you're generally never saying enough, okay? For most people, they're always gonna err on the side of not saying enough. But when it comes to ShortForm, when you engage with a brand, 30 days later, you've forgotten about that brand. You've forgotten about what they do. So reposting and refreshing is necessary. This is the way that.

We use short form content. This is the way that we use that medium. When it comes to long form, if we're talking about YouTube or something, yes, you don't republish the same video. That's kind of a no-no because those platforms are expected to work based on SEO, based on search, right? So we want the same resource to pop up each time they search for it. But that's not way social media is used. Social media is basically what's relevant right now as it hits their feed, which means reposting, republishing is a very valuable and important element of social media marketing. It also takes the load off. It also makes this much easier to tackle because you're not always having to create new content. Okay, that's it. Let's jump on to the next video. Next, grow your community. Okay, so we are here in the leverage framework. Again, these are ideas of how we can further amplify our marketing effectiveness, right? What we wanna do is ensure that each piece of content uses some form of call to action to drive audiences to your own community. The way that I like doing this most is with a lead magnet because if it doesn't have, if we're trying to drive people to say.

give us their their phone number give us their email and there's not a reason for it then it just sounds like kind of salesy it's like like at the end of the video be sure to like and subscribe be sure to call me if you need this be sure to leave me your phone number and email it sounds a little bit desperate right but if i say at the end of a video hey if you want more planning tips check out my free guide you can find the link in my bio hey if you want more things like this i have a guide check out my bio like all of that it's a it's a value-added next step in the process and i'm all for those okay but this is again like an optional piece to add on to enhance like what you're doing it's not one of those things that i want you to stress about now there's always this fear but am i talking too much am i marketing too much am i again most of you are i would say are doing far too little when it comes to marketing which means posts emails phone calls follow-ups i i want you if you ever have this fear i want you to lean towards the other side i want you to feel like you're doing too much and the reason is is simply having this fear if you're a person that actually feels this way you are already intrinsically unlikely to do too much so i want you to feel like you're doing too much because you're