knows Jeremy Little, and this is, I'm not a dig at Jeremy, by the way. I don't know him personally, it's just, I was like, this is a great case study, so please don't go and say anything to him, please don't do anything. This is just a case study to look at. Nobody knows him as that, and everybody knows him as the guy who tells jokes on TikTok and Instagram. And frankly, I don't really want to buy his jerky. I don't know if it's good, I don't know if it's quality, I don't know anything about it, other than every now and then at the end of his videos, he's like, he tells a joke. Hey, so little Timmy walks into a bar and does this, and at the end of the video, buy my jerky. And you're like, what the, like what? Anyway, I'm gonna tell you why soon in the next lesson why this is such a big lesson. I hope already you're like, oh my goodness, like Vanity Metrics, this is a real thing, right? But I'm gonna give you more on top of this as to why this is absolutely insane. And for those that are like, well, what if he doesn't really mention it? Like if you're thinking, maybe he doesn't mention enough. No, like I actually saw, and it's in there in the store. And then at the end of a video, usually every few videos, he puts in the call to action of like, buy my jerky. But the idea is like.

Like nobody knows him for that. This goes back to that whole thing that I've been hammering into your heads. Marketing without a properly established brand is capturing water with a broken bucket. Is this not the epitome of a broken bucket? I mean, you're literally holding not even a bucket. It's like a piece of a bucket underwater and you're like, I'm hoping something's gonna fall in here. No, 4.6 million followers later, eight droplets have landed in his piece of plastic. We've got your bucket good to go. There's one other concept here that I want to emphasize to you. As we're going down this journey, you're gonna get frustrated because I'm not getting a thousand views. I'm not getting 10,000 views. I'm not getting a hundred, whatever that number is in your head, right? I want you to accept the idea that we're, when I say viralize, it's always in the context of reaching more of the right people. And I want you to realize this first.

forgive the weird as hell AI image. I couldn't find another image with 100 people. I wanted to create a representation of 100 views. Now you're watching this. I know every one of you watching right now, if I asked you, do you have the ability to put up a post, a reel, and reach 100 views on social media? I think you would laugh and go, yeah, of course I can reach 100 people on social media. That's not a big deal, right? Of course you can. It doesn't matter if you have zero followers. You know that if you put up a reel right now, it's gonna reach over 100 people. Every single one of you, okay? We can agree that it's easy to reach 100 people, and you're gonna feel like I'm gonna laugh at that number. Like, that's not even anything. True. When you're looking at a room like this, it's not anything. But what if it was a room like this? This is 100 people. This is 100 people. They're both 100 people in the room. What if instead of a group of random people, your content went out and 80% of them?

were, say, engaged couples. I told the AI to give me a room of wedding couples because I thought it'd be the easiest to differentiate, so this is what it gave me. Okay, don't murder me for this, but it's a representation. What if they are 80 brand portrait people? What if they are 80 family portrait people? What if they're 80 people that want newborn photos or maternity photos? Then suddenly you're like, actually, now 100 views is a lot, right? Every one of you right now has the ability whenever you want to stand in front of a group of 100 plus people on social media and share something with them. Now, warning, I'm gonna curse. That is fucking powerful, and most of you are not even seeing it. Most of us are like, but I want 100 million views. I want all these people. 100 views is a lot as long as they're the right views, and guess what? You follow the steps inside of here.

You follow what I'm gonna give you, you're gonna be getting a lot more than 100 views. But I want you to recognize this is a fucking superpower that nobody recognizes or takes advantage of. And we get stuck on the number. How many likes did I get? How many views did I get overall? Instead of looking at, did I get the right people looking at this? Your avatar, that's why we built it. It's the key to understanding what content matters, okay? What you're selling, who you're trying to communicate with, why the message matters to them. And in short, I hope at this point, you're kind of starting to get clear on like, what type of content will my audience find valuable and interesting? Remember this guy? If I had six hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend the first four sharpening my ax. All of this. You sharpen your ax so we built the right website. You sharpen your ax so that we can actually create the right content. And now you sharpen your ax so we can go out into social media and target the right people. Now I know the next question is, okay, so what in the hell do I post? It's gonna be really simple and I'm gonna walk you through the steps of.

and we're gonna start easy, okay? But if I were to simplify it down, all we're doing is we're showing potential clients what you do in a way that's educational, engaging, and maybe entertaining even, okay? This module is gonna be the training and the examples of exactly how to do that. Before we jump into that process in this next lesson, I want you to understand how the algorithm works in a nutshell, because it's gonna really clear up how the content that you create should kind of operate, how long it should be and what it should be. Understanding how the algorithm works is gonna help bring a lot of clarity to that before we dive into actually creating. So let's get that now. How every algorithm works in a nutshell, okay? Now, why are we gonna spend time learning the algorithm? Because I feel like if you understand how the algorithm works, you're gonna immediately know things that you should potentially avoid, okay? Things like making videos too long or not being very clear as to who we're targeting or not specifying and creating hooks in each video. It's gonna become crystal clear in this process, okay?

Now, we are not, to be clear, trying to game the system. Gaming the system is virtually impossible. None of us know exactly how the algorithm works for any of these companies. And every one of these companies, their algorithms vary. But I can tell you this, they're pouring the best minds into it. Frankly, I wish these minds were doing things that were more important than designing algorithms. But they're getting the best minds. It's millions and millions of lines of code, lots of AI, and billions of dollars going into these algorithms. And the algorithms are designed to basically get you, whoever you are, the right type of material to look at. Why? Because they want to buy your attention, okay? It's all about attention. Attention is valuable. If we can keep you on the platform longer, we have something that's very valuable. So trying to actually game the system is a fairly narcissistic kind of pursuit, right? Because what you're really saying is like, me, this little guy, I am more intelligent than everyone else, all the AI, and all the billions of dollars that have been thrown at this, because I'm gonna find the loophole. So number one, it's like, really? Are we really gonna find the loophole? Number two, even if you did find a loophole.

They generally get repaired within a very short time. They get fixed really quickly and they lead you to the wrong audience anyway. So anytime you hear something like, well, just follow trends or just use this sound, I can't tell you. For like two years, my whole feed was, oh, this sound is trending. Jump on it right away. That's what the coaches were saying, like, this sound is trending. You should use this right away. You're going to get a million views. Check out this person. They got a million views by using this. Even if you end up getting those views, even if you find a way to game a system, you're unlikely to actually reach the right audience. You're not going to be able to consistently create engaging content and you're going to grow an audience that's actually disengaged with your content. Sorry. That should say disengaged, not engaged. Okay. So let's not worry about any of that. Let's not worry about trying to, you know, follow trends, sounds, you know, like, like all this gaming stuff. Let's just toss that out as complete bullshit. I will tell you when some of it can like make an impact, but the reason why it is, it'll be psychological and it should make sense to you. Okay. But we'll cover that in just a second. For now, let's, let's toss it all.

What every algorithm wants is AWT. Drill this into your head, AWT, average watch time. Average watch time just means how long somebody spends on average watching a particular video. Okay, the better, the more the average watch time, the better, the longer they are keeping somebody on a video and the longer they're keeping them in platform. Really simple, right? YouTube operates this way, Instagram operates this way, doesn't matter if it's long form, doesn't matter if it's short form. Look, the bottom line is if someone is watching your video, that means it's good and so they're gonna serve it to more people. If average watch time is high, it gets served to more people. That's it. The best part about this is that, I don't know if you've heard in the education and coaching and YouTube world, a lot of people talk about followers being dead. The idea of having followers or subscribers is dead. The reason why is because the algorithms are so good at finding what people like, what they want, that you can get an insane amount of reach despite having no followers. So followers can be somewhat helpful. They're people that you know are gonna continue engaging with your stuff, but it's not something to focus on because you're.