Let's mute this as well. I'm gonna mute the audio on this one. Yo, you wanna see something cool? No. Okay, when you do that, then it lines up back with the audio in the background. I'm gonna do it anyway. What is, what is, what is? Okay, I know there's a little bit of quirks in this process. It's a little bit annoying, but it's still much, much faster than creating this on your own. And with the templates, it allows me to show you kind of how this, what good content might look like, okay? Obviously, you'd change. You can double click and you can change any of the text, the copy. You can change the style of it. You can move it around. You can have it point at different things. You could delete it. Like if you're like, oh, I don't need these two pieces for the video. I'm gonna just delete these off and you're good to do that too. I would recommend some form of a text hook though. Like the text hook could be, wait for it. The text hook could be, you know, check out the final shot. The text hook could be, join me behind the scenes. Like have some sort of a hook there to like let them know something's coming, okay? So that when someone sees it, they stay on the video. All right, let's jump back here and make sure we got everything. So yeah, when you wanna download, you click share and you go to download and then you go MP4 video and then you just do 1080p.

You could up it to 4K if you wanted to, but you don't need to. The one thing I wanna mention was, make sure you deselect the instructions page every time you do this. So every one of the templates will have an instruction page. Make sure you don't select an instruction page when you download it, obviously, okay? You hit done, and then you hit download. It'll automatically save it out as your video, and you're good to go. Now you've got really cool videos with all these templates. And you can use the same template multiple times, by the way. You could also even swap out the audio and everything if you wanted to. But start with what we have, play with it, and then you're gonna go ahead and upload it to the platform of choosing, which usually, for most of you, it's gonna be Instagram. Okay. Yes, for the most part, by the way, these are all, I think we tried to use assets in this that can all be used with free accounts. So if you'll notice back on the brand strategist, it says free versus pro. Every one of these should be using free assets. So you guys can use these, whether you have a free or pro account. Okay. Play with these. It's a good place to start. Holler if you have any issues, or better yet, technical issues.

But yeah, hopefully this video will give you a complete guide on exactly how to go through those. And then you're going to pause. I want you to finish and publish your first short-form video, all right? Feel free to post. I'd love to see when you have that video ready to go. I'd love to check it out. What I don't recommend doing, by the way, is heavily modifying these templates, extending out time because you're like, oh man, I want to show more behind the scenes. Don't lose what we've already created for you in those templates. The quick shortness, the engagement, the entertaining aspect of it, the synced up to the beats and all that. Let's not modify until you kind of have a good grasp of the language. All right, let's jump to the next lesson. So the easiest viral content formula for photographers. We're in a space where this is so incredibly simple and this formula works nonstop. You can hit this formula as much as you want on social media. Are you ready for this? Behind the scenes and a final image, okay? Show what it is behind the scenes and then show a final image. Less than 10 seconds. It's simple. It's interesting.

It shows your audience exactly what you do. It meets all of the criteria. It makes your subject the superhero too because they are the subject of the final image. They're the superhero. It's also very shareable. When someone sees something cool they like, they click that share button. Hey, we should do a shoot like this. Hey, let's go and reach out to them. I wanna do this too. BTS plus final image. This is so incredibly simple. I'm gonna show you how to level it up a little bit. We're gonna level it up with a text and visual hook and make sure that there's an audio track that kind of leads people to that payoff. So again, ideas that we've been talking about of like how to do this, right? I'm gonna give you an example. Rocktown Media. He has built an entire brand. He's approaching a million followers right now of all the right followers. And this is every single video that he posts, okay? All it is, and I'm gonna have to pull it up because it looks like it didn't show me this little link here. So we're gonna go pull it up. Let's go Rocktown. Let's go Instagram first. Okay. Rocktown.

all right Jason Sterling so check this out he's got these ones pinned but literally all it is behind the scenes yeah and they don't even have to be this long by the way this one's a ready? 1, 2, 3 go reaction and then final image I think this would be even stronger if that was shorter There it is. To me, this was good. It's a good video. You would get many more views if that whole thing was condensed down to okay. 3, 2, 1 smash reactions pay off less than 15 seconds. You'd have so many more views, but still, this is great. Okay. And by the way, look at this.

This is why this one is only 1.4 million views versus I'll bet this one gets to it quicker. This one probably gets there even faster. Visual hook. Doing something weird, crazy, right? Audio hook. The song, right? It's trending. Oh, what are we doing? Last dance comes up. This was perfect. This is the right length. Notice, 30 times more reach than this one. It's exactly what I'm telling you. I'll just follow this simple, short, easy framework and you're going to get a lot of views. When we start extending things, like, oh my gosh, this is so long, then we're really asking people to wait for a payoff. But that's it. Every single one of these. Every single one of them. Frankly, his images are good, but I know so many of you can do the same, if not better imagery. It's just you're not showing it. You're just not showing it. That's it.

That's it. A video can be multiple. I kind of like it when it's just one. But you can also do one, and then you can do another video that shows three, like this one, right? But the simplest formula is one behind the scenes and a final image. So easy. I gave you another example. Oh, I'm gonna have to find. I didn't link them up, and I realize why I should have linked them up now. It actually doesn't save the video into the PDF. But I can find this one because I think I had it going. Oh, it's actually one of the templates. So let's go back here for one sec. You know what? I don't wanna burn you guys' time. I think you guys get the point of this. This one is literally one of your, you should have this template, actually. And it's just the moment you drop in a BTS, and it's the final image of them on the beach. Super easy. So the BTS to final image, this viral formula.

All you do, behind the scenes video, you just need to gather your ingredients. This is why we want these each and every single time, okay? Show the process. I like it to be like three seconds of like an engaging thing, like anywhere between three to five seconds of like, oh, just lower this a little bit, try this. We see like you interacting. We see, you know, what's happening. And then the reaction, like showing them, and you go, oh, they go, oh, wow, that's amazing. And then the payoff, okay? And then all you're gonna do, the payoff is the final image. So it needs to be a solid image, right? I see a lot of photographers screw this up when the payoff is not that great. Like you get to the very end and you're like, wah, wah, that image was not a very good photograph, okay? So we need the payoff to be a solid image. Does it need to be award-winning? No, but it needs to be decent, right? It needs to be impressive. And then audio, choose an appropriate song, one that has, it's nice if it's a trending song because people are listening to it right now, especially if there's a drop in that song, right? If there's a drop that's perfect for the reveal, fantastic. Now look, all of these highlighted templates right here are the BTS to final image formula. So you can start with these.

Every one of these templates. And there's the moment versus the shot. Let me just see if we can pull that up briefly and take a look at it. Okay, that's what you're supposed to see, by the way, when we click on one of these. And you just click, you're gonna click view template. I'm the one that gets the edit template because they're saved in my account. So what I'll do is just click open the editor. Okay, and then here is a moment versus the shot. ♪ Love of mine ♪ ♪ I'll never feel the way I'm realized ♪ It's so damn easy, isn't it? And what I would say is you can do the moment versus the shot. You can change this to wait for it. I don't care. You can make the text yours if you want, but don't like, you know, don't make it ugly, but like change it to however you see fit. But we want, look, there's a text hook, there's an audio hook, and then there's a payoff. Very simple, yes? We feeling it? Like, man, it doesn't have to be that difficult, right? Now, regarding like.