who you are, your value set, your personality into each of these different areas of your online experience you're resonating with them. So what I've given you here is a long form script creator. Okay, if you don't wanna use, or actually, yeah, I think I have, let me just check, double check here. I believe, no, I think I gave you the short form script creator and the SEO one. So what this does is it just gonna convert your last resource article into a long form script. So what you can do is like, after you've created a resource article, you can just copy this and just say, I want you to turn the last resource article into a compelling long form video script. My goal is to educate and convert viewers. So that's what the script is gonna do. So you can use this after you've created an SEO resource. And then I've given you a little checklist as far as what are the different ways you can use that long form content. It can be on a homepage feature if it's relevant, within an SEO driven article resource, inside of your newsletter where relevant. You could also include it on social media, like you could put in your stories that you got a great new video, click the link, check out my YouTube video. And you can share that across social. You can include it in an onboarding experience, especially if it's something that would be helpful to like the actual shoot itself. All of these are great use cases.

for long-form content. Okay, we're done. Hope you enjoyed. I'm gonna click stop. Oh, make sure to not sleep on those audits. The audits are next. That's gonna show you everything you've learned here and we're gonna apply it to exactly what you're doing. It's gonna be incredibly helpful just seeing like what we did in terms of auditing other people's posts and reels. Okay, that's it. Let's now kind of start to experiment and expand your buckets. So now as you are learning this language of short-form content, what I wanna start doing is encourage you to actually experiment, to expand the concepts and ideas. What I kind of do is I call different types or styles of content, I say that they fall in different content buckets, okay? So think of like, you know, talking head tips is one style of content. It's one content bucket, okay? Behind the scene to file an image, another content bucket. You can, you know, in TV, they would call these segments, you know, I just am making up a word for this. So it's not like it's anything technical, but before and after transitions or carousel infographic.

or funny stitch videos. All of these fall into basically different content buckets. And what I want you to do now, is kind of watch what's going on, like experiment with new types of content and watch your analytics. And if something does well, or if you enjoy doing it, then I want you to lean more and do more of it. If you don't enjoy doing it, or if it doesn't do well, then I want you to trim and cut it from your content buckets, okay? But what's nice about content buckets, it's some of these concepts are a little more difficult to create than others. Like talking head tips can be easy if it's just you talking in the car, but if you're cutting in like images and a sample B-roll, then it takes a bit more time, right? But a behind the scenes to a final image, this can be very quick. A before and after transition, if that does well, that can be very quick too. So having different types of content allows you to not have to, well kind of divide the time it takes to make each of these up, where you have some that are quicker, some are a little bit longer, and you create a little bit of variety in the process so it's not all the same thing, or so the process doesn't become monotonous. We want your brand to feel real and have personality.

and having different styles of content does a lot of that versus just one type of content, which it can still do well, but it tends to not really be that personable. Okay, let's go here, and I'm gonna give examples of each of these. And by the way, one of the questions that popped up is that Stephanie asked as we're filming this is, do I do all of our social media work or do I have help? And generally, I do all of my own social media. With Linenger and stuff, that brand is so established that now it's been handed off and I honestly don't do anything with that side, right? But whenever it comes to designing out a new brand, I'm generally the one that's gonna be leading everything until I have a certain content style, until I want to, like I know what I'm doing, I know my voice, I know what I wanna continue with, and then I might hand off certain elements of it. Like I might use somebody for editing or I might, but it's generally gonna be in my hands because with a personal brand, we do want the material that we're showing to be personal, right? So that's kind of the answer to that. So as you get more efficient with it, as the business is making more money, there's certain elements of this that we can hand off, but what I don't want you to do is hand off your.

special sauce, so always remember there's certain aspects of this that are gonna be your special sauce, like showing your face, you know, if you're building an associate brand, it's showing the associates, it's building more people into this so you have like an overall brand that people can relate to, right? So don't give that up, because what I often see is people often make the mistake of handing off their social media too quick before they've established a style, before they know who they're talking to, before all of that, and then what they end up doing is paying hundreds or thousands of dollars a month to somebody to manage their social media, and it does nothing. They just put up posts, they just put up generic stuff, it does nothing. Or I see people do well on social media and then hand it off without creating a process, without creating like an SOP and a procedure and a voice for this, and then again, the next person that steps into it mucks it up. But I've never once seen somebody who's new just hand their social media to somebody and for it to do well. I've never seen somebody come into this, just be like, I'm gonna outsource, and I see it all the time. People will start a business and just outsource their social media, pay 2,500 bucks a month. I've never once seen that do well, okay? So take that for what it is worth because I think.

that means something significant there. Okay, content bucket sample. So what we're gonna do is just go over different kind of concepts that I've seen and videos that I like to give you ideas of different styles of videos, right? There's not one style of talking head video. Here's one where she's literally talking over the actual BTS clip, and I really liked it. It was really natural. This is from Annie Chen. For today for kissing, don't use duck lips. Tilt your head, tilt your head, and. Did you notice? Tip for today for kissing. That is, that's a hook right there, right? She's got a visual element, she's got two visual elements plus text. It's very engaging. Let the lips touch. And then, like, she's responding to basically what people have said in her comments. I love that. There's duck lips, she has what not to do, natural lean. So, the tip for today for kissing. Okay, so incredibly simple. Behind the scenes, she narrates it, shows a couple photo video, like photos. You could do this.

It's in a number of ways, right? If you want to narrate it, great, but you could also do this exact same thing without even narrating it, couldn't you? Like you could literally just say, you could actually post the behind the scenes, show like the X what not to do, and then you could say like read the rest in the caption. You could do it a number of different ways and get this exact same concept, but this is one example of a talking head style video. Here's another example. This guy I noticed, let's click in so I don't have to say this guy, I can actually say his name. So Alfaz Photography, right? I noticed that his brand is hyper refined, like very luxurious, hyper refined. You know, he's trying to go for like clients that want to be on Vogue and like this natural, supernatural high-end editorial aesthetic, all this. So it kind of makes sense that every one of his videos is as polished as that. I don't think this is necessary personally, but if you want to build a brand that is very polished, then this is an example of that. So let's see. The time. Imagine how, do this in half the time. Imagine how would the food taste if you're given only.

half the time your caterer asks for. This is what happens about 60% of the times when photographers and videographers are expected to deliver the work in half the time they've asked for. Now on an average 7 out of 10 times a bride... So every one of his reels you'll notice is kind of that format and again this works right or it looks like he's got a new style now but each one of these hair side strands and the challenge that it brings. We know you all brides love that hair side strands and it's probably on top of your bridal inspiration. I personally don't feel like this hyper produced style is my taste right. I like being very authentic, I like connecting with people, I like being real but it's not to say that this is wrong. If your brand is this then by all means you can lean into that too okay but it's another style of talking head where he's literally just talking directly to the camera and he's most definitely reading off of a script. I would say if you are going to read off of a script the the feedback I would give is make sure it comes across more natural. I can actually see his eyes reading and I can I can see the the pauses and awkward breaks.