them and then go straight to the phone call. I personally, by the way, would rather send them the link to a landing page than on the landing page, get their email and phone number so that I can call them versus like trying to do this with a DM. But the way that people are doing this is through an app called many chat. Okay. You don't have to do this automated. Um, you could just manually respond to people. It's totally fine. But if you see those, those automated, like, you know, uh, comment this and I'll send you this, they're using many chat to basically get it going. And I think it's like 10 bucks a month or something. Oh, this gives you all the basic features up to a thousand contacts free of charge. So that's perfect. This is a great way to start on that. And you can, you can begin doing that. And then once you want, you can go to the pro level or whatnot. So just an option there. Okay. With engaged followers. I don't know if you guys realize this, but you can also just DM them with a question. Like if they're commenting on your stuff, you could just literally send them a direct message that says, Hey, I noticed that you were, you, uh, you liked my post about family photography. Are you guys interested in by chance doing a family photo session? Have you thought about that? Right.

right, get their information, do a phone call. With posts and reels, you can engage with a question, reply, DM, and phone call. So what this means is like you can actually ask a question with your posts and reels. I like doing that a lot. And then again, you can reply to them. Once you reply, you can send a direct message and get contact to go to the phone call. With an email sequence, if you just got someone in your email system, maybe you don't have their phone number yet, or maybe you do, you haven't been able to get a hold of them yet, you can lead this entire email sequence. Again, we want to include calls to action to basically get their info and get them on a phone call. So the premise of all this is at any one of these points, we want to give them an easy way to eventually get them onto the phone. The easiest way to get somebody on the phone that I found through social media is to provide them with value. You provide them through value with a video, then you give them a lead magnet that can give them more information. We collect their information and then give them a phone call. That's in my opinion, the easiest way to convert followers into actual community, that like people that are part of your system.

It's done. Okay, that would be hilarious if he does actually call me in five minutes. It's been almost five minutes. Okay, use this prompt with your brand strategist to come up with ideas for valuable lead magnets. So, same thing, grab this, go right to our, let's go right to our brand strategist, drop it in with what you know, help me come up with five awesome ideas for downloadable lead magnets my clients are gonna love, okay? Look at this, the honest guide to planning a stress-free elopement in Paris. 10 little moments you wanna make space for on your wedding day. Paris elopement location guide. Oh my goodness, the Paris elopement location guide. People would love to have this. And it would lead in, it would be such a natural CTA for so many different videos that I could create on social media. So, this will give you plenty of different ideas and it'll even help you to write them out, all right? Okay, friends, another idea and way that you can utilize your content to grow your community. I hope this makes sense. If you have any questions on this, please jump into the group, let me know. All right, next lesson. Last but not least is this.

Optional, expand into long-form content. So this was actually the second piece of the leverage framework. Maybe I should have like, I don't know, move the E's around. Maybe I should put experiment expand. I don't know. I'll have to look at the E placements. But look, when it's fitting, you can turn a resource into a long-form video and you'll place that long-form video on YouTube, but there's a lot of benefits of doing this. I'll still say this is optional, but let's talk about why. So a long-form video, like a good resource article that you have, maybe it's, you know, your favorite locations. Maybe it's a guide for posing. Maybe it's a, whatever it might be. It, it can be directly converted into a long-form video and the benefits are huge. Like anytime you add a long-form video or just any video, especially if it's on YouTube, if you're adding a YouTube video into an SEO article, obviously Google and YouTube, they're owned by the same company. So whenever you do that is strengthens the SEO positioning and the traffic of that article. So Google loves it. When you add a YouTube video in that's of course related, right? It also helps to build deeper trust and authority. It shows that my favorite is that in the process.

of like showing your knowledge and showing what you can do for people, you're connecting with them and you're showing personality. And this is absolutely huge. You're going to find people hiring you because they watched the video and they felt like they could connect and relate to you. And that's where we can really make our website, our entire experience sell for us. So it improves the web experience, it increases conversion rates. So there's a lot of good reasons to do this. But I'll still say like tackle this when you when you have the time right now, where can you place this on Jesse and down? You could put it right here on what makes the JD experience unique. They have an example from, uh, this is more like a highlight reel video. We have an example that takes people through our studio because a lot of people ask, like, what does the studio look like? So we have an example of that. Obviously it could be a long form video about, um, you know, planning tips about all the different things that we've talked about. It could be a lead magnet turned into a long form video, right? Again, this is a spot where you're likely going to procrastinate and kind of like try to perfect this process before you've ever done anything with it. And I want you to avoid that. Um, in fact, I actually want you to lean towards authenticity. And the funny thing is that the enemy of authenticity is actually production value.

But if we went back to that example of like Alfaz's posts, right? The enemy of authenticity is production value. Like, think about this, does, I'm not hating on this type of imagery, right? But we all know that this person doesn't act this way on a daily basis, and if they did, it'd be very weird, right? These kind of poses, the things that we do, the editorial stuff, we all know that Alfaz himself doesn't always stand in perfect light and always do things with perfection and his hair is just ideal. So the idea here is that understanding that if you want authentic, then the enemy of authentic is highly produced, okay? If we're gonna go long form, you want it to be authentic, which means generally, like low production value is totally fine. The only thing we want to be clean is just decent audio, okay? We want to show your personality and your values. I want you to relate to your target audience. So I don't want you to overthink the process. And to prove this like enemy of production value or the enemy of authenticity production value thing, I actually post, this is in a coaching community that I was a part of, and I posted my video of like, this is the.

a welcome video to the mentorship program. And this guy Jordan responded, and he said, his first thing was, hey, what did you use for the AI video on this page? And I go, that wasn't AI video, that was just me talking. And he goes, oh, I've got a bot that uses my face, this sounded so polished. And he's like, and it uses like repeated, I just thought that this was AI. So people are starting to think that if something is highly produced, it's AI. And I wanna kind of avoid that. So I wanna go towards the area of authenticity. I want you to not lean in towards this perfectionist mindset. And if we want our sales to come easy, the more you build your personality, the more you build your values, the more you showcase this throughout your online experience on social media, on your website, in your newsletter, the more you build this in, the more you're gonna find that a large portion of your sales is already done for you. You'll get these situations like Mariah has posted this, where she booked an engagement session within five minutes of the call. It's the first time she's been able to do that. You'll hear Lucia doing that. You'll hear, we have a number of people that are having that experience where it's like, man, people are coming like ready to go. And it's because you're incorporating more and more of.