Now, why do we want to viralize? So this is the V in leverage. This is the big meat of this module. Why do we wanna viralize with short-form content? Let's talk about it. So here we are inside the leverage framework. We're really focusing on this step right here. And what we're talking about with short-form content is basically Instagram Reels. Every platform calls it something different. So you have Instagram Reels, you have YouTube Shorts on Facebook, they call it Reels as well. You have TikToks. It's any content that's basically 30 to 90 seconds or less than 30 seconds, so 10, 15, anything up to 90 seconds, that's considered, say, short-form content.

It's powerful. In fact, if I were to give you like the content power chart, okay, the types of content from most to least powerful, the areas that I would focus on, number one is short form content, so reels and shorts. Number two is carousel posts. These do very well. These are swipe posts, like Instagram has them. I believe LinkedIn can also do carousel posts, but carousel posts are nice. They do pretty well as well. Number three would be like stories. This is usually the place that I'll make my temporary journal, like what I'm doing today, things that I don't want to live forever inside of my feed, but that I want to be featured in stories. A lot of people browse stories.

they connect with you personally, so they're very effective too. Static images, this was Instagram 10 years ago. You just post a single image that looks awesome. This is like, meh, wah-wah, like don't, you don't need to do this anymore. If you really wanna post a static image from time to time, fine, like I'm not gonna hammer you for it but just expect it's not gonna do that well. I would much rather you post a series of images, a sequence of images that could tell a story and post it as a carousel. It's gonna do 10 times better than just a static image. And why? You're gonna learn because if people are swiping, the main metric that we're gonna be talking about is.

average watch time. They're going to be staying on the page longer as they swipe to look through it and so the algorithm is going to feed it to more people because they're staying longer, whereas a static image they just swipe right by it, they spend hardly any time on it, the algorithm doesn't care and doesn't feed it to more. So I really would rather you post images if you're going to post them on their own just as carousel posts instead of static images. But this is your content power chart. Short form is incredibly powerful and the reason why is to me I feel like short form is the ultimate bridge content. The reason why we focus in on this is because short form is engaging,

meaning it's simple and and they tend to be interesting to watch, right? It's hard for us to create 10 minutes worth of video content where we're just like, you know, hitting hard non-stop and keeping somebody engaged. But I can keep someone engaged for 15 seconds pretty easily. That's not that difficult. So it's relatively simple to create, easy to watch, and interesting as well. It's engaging. The other side of this is that it's personable. So we can build, you know, we work hard on building a lot of your personality into your website, but through an actual video, you connect with me on a level that is unlike anything I'm going to see, unlike any sort of

static image or anything you write up. So it's personable, it builds trust with your audience. They're easy and time efficient to create relatively compared to like say long form content, which if you wanna make good long form content for say YouTube, that is difficult. Like we could spend 40 hours on one video. It's a different business altogether. That's why I'm like, let's not go that route, right? So it's easy and time efficient. We can create something in 15, 20 minutes, especially when you get good at this process, you'll find it can be even faster, okay? At the beginning, it's gonna take a bit more time. But I also believe that it's here to stay. So no matter the platform, no matter what people call it, I don't care if it's a short today and if it's a real tomorrow, and if it's a, you know, whatever these names are, the name.

Games are bullshit. The platforms are frankly kind of bullshit too because the platforms can kind of come and go, right? But what's gonna happen is that short form is here to stay. Why? Because the phone is here to stay. We're all on our phones constantly and it's the easiest way to absorb content is through some sort of platform that feeds it to us and we're there socializing and looking at things. Now the platforms could change over time but the actual practice of it is, in my opinion, not gonna change, at least not gonna change dramatically. So it's a fantastic piece of bridge content because no matter where we go, we get this easy way to create engaging, personable and interesting material.

and it's this bridge. Look, I don't know you and you don't know me. Let's say we're on the outside on social media, right? I don't know you, you don't know me, but before I ask you to go look at my website, before I ask you to do something, this short form content creates a little bit of a bridge. Like, hey, look, you don't gotta spend two minutes, three minutes doing something. You don't gotta go listen to a podcast. You don't gotta go to YouTube. Here's 15 seconds of who I am. It's a bridge. It allows us to quickly develop a bit of trust, a little bit of a relationship. Before that person goes, okay, I'm gonna click because I want to go deeper. That's what I mean by bridge content.

This is the purpose of it. It allows somebody to develop the relationship with your brand until they're comfortable crossing the bridge to interact with you and it's in a very non-committal way, which let's be honest, everybody's moving towards non-committal everything. Anyway, that's a different topic, but look, the other aspect of this is that short-form content is probably one of the quickest ways to get results when it comes to marketing your business. In terms of speed to market, I would contrast short-form content with paid ads. Now the difference is paid ads are instantly out there when you're paying for them and we have to get the targeting right on those, right? We kind of have to do the same thing with our short-form content.

form content, we just don't have control of the targeting as much as we might on paid ads. Like on paid ads, we can literally create an ad and then only show it to certain people. In content marketing, in short form, we create that same material, but we rely on the material and the algorithm itself to feed it to the right people, if that makes sense. But in terms of speed, this is that lever that we can pull on to get more business into our business quickly. So now that we understand why short form content, why is this the place that we're going to emphasize, usually the next question that I get is,

How do I get more views? More views, how do I go viral? How do I? And instead of that question, what I want each of you to think about is how do I get the right views? This is so much better as a question, okay? Now when it comes to, and we're gonna talk more about this, but when it comes to this idea of like, I'm getting no views, most photographers' posts are going unseen. This is the 90%. So before we even get to creating good quality content, they done gone effed up multiple stages ago because they don't know what they're selling, they don't know what they're promoting, they don't know who they're trying to communicate with, they don't know why their message matters. These are all problems that you all have resolved.

Right? At this point in the program, we have that laid out. It's why we did that work. But, excuse me, I'm getting so into this. I love this material and it's got me coughing. Okay, it's got me coughing. Look, I wanna show this to you and illustrate it in a very clear point. To tell you why we shouldn't be concerned about just views but more so the right views to illustrate like what the concept is. Whenever we market blind, right? When we market blind, what we're gonna end up with is one of two results. We're either gonna have failure to launch, meaning that our brand gets no views and we're stuck in this place because we're marketing blind, right? So failure to launch is.

our videos just don't get seen, our brand doesn't grow, all that. Or we're gonna end up with vanity metrics, meaning we might luck our way. We luck our way into something that actually succeeds and it gets 100,000 views and we're like, oh my goodness, we're getting views, that's amazing. But they're vanity metrics because those views go absolutely nowhere. So what are vanity metrics? Well, it's tons of effort. We get millions of these followers and then we get little to no actual sales. And if you think I'm BSing you right now, I wanted to give you a case study, a real case study. I watched Jeremy Little, when I was doing my TikTok experiment and I took my account from zero to 1.4 million.

six months, another creator popped on there. His name was Jeremy Little. Okay, this is back in 2020. And I watched him as he grew his platform. And he was growing quickly. And what he was growing quickly with was telling jokes. Now, this is the funny part is Jeremy outpaced me. And now today, like if you look at the account, I stopped the whole thing. Who knows where we would have been if I continued. But now today he's at 4.6 million. He has 61 million likes on his videos, not views. He's probably in the billions of views. He's got 61 million likes. Okay, this is a lot. Now, I want you, if you're watching this live, if you're not, you can put it in the comments. But if you're watching.

in this live, I want you to guess how many sales he got. And you're probably wondering, like, sales of what? Because I was wondering, sales of what? It wasn't until six months later of following this guy that I realized, Jeremy's selling beef jerky. He's actually selling beef jerky. And so, today, you can go to his account and you can literally see, this is his beef jerky that he sells, look at this, there are 100 sold. I mean, you'd want this to be like 10,000 plus sold, right?

His best offer, number one best seller shop, eight, sold. Zesty Teriyaki Beef, two, sold. This is his number one best seller. It's not like we're selling a high ticket product here. This isn't, you know, $2,500, it's $22. And frankly, for beef jerky, that's cheap, right? Depending on how many ounces you get. Eight. Would any of you have guessed 4.6 million followers and eight sales? Is that insane? To me, that's insane. So the point of all of this is to understand, this is the concept of.

vanity metrics. Yeah, he can say that he's got 4.6 million followers, a billion views, but what is the mother effing point of all of it? Not all views are good views. And you can actually damage your overall brand without a clear vision and focus. And point being, does anybody know Jeremy Little as the jerky guy? It took me six months to even realize the dude was selling jerky. No, everybody knows Jeremy Little and this is not a dig at Jeremy, by the way. I don't know him personally. It's just, I was like, this is a great case study. So please don't go and say anything to him. Please don't do anything. This is just a case study to look at.

Nobody knows him as that and everybody knows him as the guy who tells jokes on TikTok and Instagram and frankly I don't really want to buy his jerky I don't know if it's good I don't know if it's quality I don't know anything about it other than every now and then at the end of his videos he's like he's like he tells a joke hey so little Timmy walks into a bar and does this and then the end the video buy my jerky you're like what the like what anyway I'm gonna tell you why soon in the next lesson why this is such a big lesson I hope already you're like oh my goodness like vanity metrics this is a real thing right but I'm gonna give you

more on top of this as to why this is absolutely insane. And for those that are like, well, what if he doesn't really mention it? Like if you're thinking, maybe he doesn't mention enough. No, like I actually saw and it's in there in the store. And then at the end of a video, usually every few videos, he puts in the call to action of like, buy my jerky. But the idea is like, nobody knows him for that. This goes back to that whole thing that I've been hammering into your heads. Marketing without a properly established brand is capturing water with a broken bucket. Is this not the epitome of a broken bucket? I mean, you're literally holding not even a bucket.

It's like a piece of a bucket underwater and you're like, I'm hoping something's gonna fall in here. No, 4.6 million followers later, eight droplets have landed in his piece of plastic. We've got your bucket good to go. There's one other concept here that I want to emphasize to you as we're going down this journey. You're gonna get frustrated because I'm not getting 1,000 views. I'm not getting 10,000 views. I'm not getting 100, whatever that number is in your head, right? I want you to accept the idea that when I say viralize, I mean it's always in the.

context of reaching more of the right people, okay? And I want you to realize this first. Forgive the weird as hell AI image. I couldn't find another image with 100 people. I wanted to create a representation of 100 views. Now you're watching this. I know every one of you watching right now, if I asked you, do you have the ability to put up a post, a reel, and reach 100 views on social media, I think you would laugh and go, yeah, of course I can reach 100 people on social media. That's not a big deal.

Right? Of course you can. It doesn't matter if you have zero followers. You know that if you put up a reel right now, it's going to reach over a hundred people. Every single one of you, okay? We can agree that it's easy to reach a hundred people and you're going to feel like I'm going to laugh at that number. Like, that's not even anything. True. When you're looking at a room like this, it's not anything. But what if it was a room like this? This is a hundred people. This is a hundred people. They're both a hundred people in the room. What if instead of a group of random people, your content went out and 80% of them were say,

Engaged couples. I told the AI to give me a room of wedding couples because I thought it'd be the easiest to differentiate so this is what it gave me. Okay, don't murder me for this. But it's a representation. What if they are 80 brand portrait people? What if they are 80 family portrait people? What if they're 80 people that want newborn photos or maternity photos? Then suddenly you're like, actually now 100 views is a lot, right? Every one of you right now has the ability whenever you want to stand in front of a group of 100 plus people on social media.

media and share something with them. Now, warning, I'm gonna curse. That is fucking powerful and most of you are not even seeing it. Most of us are like, but I want 100 million views. I want all these people. 100 views is a lot as long as they're the right views. And guess what? You follow the steps inside of here, you follow what I'm gonna give you, you're gonna be getting a lot more than 100 views. But I want you to recognize this is a fucking superpower that nobody recognizes or.

takes advantage of, and we get stuck on the number. How many likes did I get? How many views did I get overall? Instead of looking at, did I get the right people looking at this? Your avatar, that's why we built it. It's the key to understanding what content matters. Okay, what you're selling, who you're trying to communicate with, why the message matters to them. And in short, I hope at this point, you're kind of starting to get clear on like, what type of content will my audience find valuable and interesting? Remember this guy? If I had six hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend the first four sharp on my ax. All of this.

You sharpened your axe so we built the right website, you sharpened your axe so that we can actually create the right content, and now you sharpened your axe so we can go out into social media and target the right people. Now I know the next question is, okay, so what in the hell do I post? It's gonna be really simple, and I'm gonna walk you through the steps of understanding it, and we're gonna start easy, okay? But if I were to simplify it down, all we're doing is we're showing potential clients what you do in a way that's educational, engaging, and maybe entertaining even, okay? This module is gonna be the training and the examples of exactly how to do that. Before we jump into that process in this next.

lesson I want you to understand how the algorithm works in a nutshell because it's going to really clear up how the content that you create should kind of operate how how long it should be and and and what it should be understanding how the algorithm works is going to help bring a lot of clarity to that before we dive into actually creating so let's get that now.