Speaking the language of social media, so again what we're going to do here is we're going to start simple. I'd like before you're creating your own custom content, start with a template so you can learn this language. You can compare it against the list and kind of begin there. Now to be able to do this, there's a few things that we need. Okay, on every single shoot that you go on to, I want you to make sure that you're getting wide, medium, and tight imagery. I would also add to this portrait aspect ratio, landscape aspect ratio. Some of you are only shooting landscape images and they don't work well on social media. So let's get wide, medium, and tight images. Some of you are only shooting tight images, reaction shots, and things like that.

like that, we need different angles. We need portrait and landscape, slow yourself down so you can get some variety in each scene that you work with, okay? Other things that work very well are image sequences. If you're doing a little walk, some little cutesy action, whatever it might be, do an image sequence of them doing that, because that by itself can make for a great piece of content, which you'll see later, okay? Before and after imagery. This is a great optional thing. If you've got a setup, you can always get a little bit wider, take a shot of it behind the scenes, and then take the final shot. That's a really fun one, and it's very easy to do and put into a piece of content.

as well, and last is B-roll, I need you to get B-roll, you can use your phone but I need you to get B-roll, if there's one here that I'm gonna like, well they're all important, I would say if there's two that I'm gonna star, it's the B-roll and it's the wide medium tight imagery along with portrait and landscape, as long as you have those two things you're good to go, but if you can add these image sequences and befores and afters, then that's the icing on the cake, okay we had a lot of questions about this, I want to make sure this was built into v2, okay my favorite devices for behind the scenes, I also linked up certain things that you might need, my favorite device for behind the scenes is just my iPhone, okay I use my iPhone

The second favorite is Metaglasses. I'm probably gonna get a pair of those. The thing with the iPhone, or just a phone, is it's good quality, it's always with you. The con to it is that you generally need a stand or an assistant, and that might hang you up. But look, I do weddings, which means that there's almost always either an assistant or someone that can hold the phone and get a behind-the-scenes video of something. So that's totally fine, and using a stand when I'm doing an engagement session, that's not a big deal. But if that's an issue for you, then Metaglasses are awesome. And there's a new version of these coming out, too. But look, good quality, it's a great point of view. You have glasses on your face. Now, I tried these recently, and they were tinted lenses. So I'm actually gonna get a pair of Metaglasses.

I'd recommend if you want to use these just for filming that you get clear lenses because I found that the you know Going indoors wearing metaglasses with tints on them made it hard to see the screen It also tinted the colors that I was seeing on the camera So that's a fantastic option really great point of view easy to use Awesome. The only con is basically if you don't like wearing glasses or if they give you headaches or something Or the Insta 360 this is great quality It's full 360 perspective the con of the Insta 360 or even like a GoPro is that you have to sort through a lot of Footage and with the Insta 360 you have to use their software to basically find the footage the angles It's a it can be a little bit time-consuming

I'm consuming, but if you like this option, that's a great one too. And what I'd really recommend is use the Costco Loan Program, okay? The Costco Loan Program, for those that don't know, is you go to Costco or a place that has, like Amazon has a decent 30-day program, and you try something out and if it doesn't work, you got 30 days or Costco gives you 90 days and you just return it. Yes, that is the Costco Loan Program. It's their own policy, don't hate me for it. Like, look, not trying to be shady here. I don't do it over and over again. Maybe once or twice. All right. Tom gave a really great, so I gave you guys some links to each of these items. Tom gave a really great setup for this, and so I wanted to.

to like call attention to it. And I also used his affiliate links right here to kind of help Tom out. So if you decide to go this route, these are his links. But basically he has a shoulder mounted. So if you're using like a camera strap, this is the Holdfast Moneymaker. If you're using that camera strap, then you can actually strap like a Insta360 or another camera directly to it. And he mounts it horizontally, which I think is the ideal angle because it gives you a better kind of point of view versus the tall angle. But anyway, this is his setup. These are the links for the different parts you would need for that. And we'll give Tom a shout out for putting that together because people were having questions on that. Okay.

I don't care how you do it, pick any of these, bottom line is I just need you to get decent behind the scenes. Remember, social media is showing what you do, showing what you do, showing what you do. We cannot show what you do without behind the scenes video, okay? And believe me, when a client sees you working behind the scenes and they see you engage with somebody and they're like, man, Bob, you are so personable, man, Meredith, you are so incredibly good with pets, with animals, with people, man, Carson, the way that you direct, when they see that, that is one of the biggest elements of social media.

social proof and sales you can get to them. Because nothing can convey that like literally seeing you in action. It's powerful. We need it. This also means that if you haven't yet developed out your portfolio, and we're going and putting together these planned test shoots to create the right images that fit your portfolio, that fit the brand that you're trying to create, every single test shoot you should be getting behind the scenes video of like every good shot that you have. Even if you get a shot and you're like, wow, that's a really nice shot. And you're like, oh, I wasn't filming. Do it again. Hit record, pretend to take the shot again, or just take it like, I want to.

Try one more thing, guys. Let me just try this one. Oh, let's do another shot here where I try a little bit of a different pose. Do it again. Spend the 30 seconds. You don't need, for good behind the scenes, we need 15 seconds. You don't need to be there for minutes upon minutes like doing something. We need 15 seconds. Something that shows an interaction, it shows a scene, that's it, okay? If it's longer, by all means. But in general, when it goes into a clip, you're gonna shorten it down to like three to five seconds anyway. All right. Okay, so I have a bit of homework now. I want you to create your first short via our templates, okay? So the step one for this is just go.

to your brand strategist, not your brand, I'm sorry, your brand and strategy workbook. I should have not have named those so similarly. But under the resource tabs, we developed basically several templates for you that you can utilize, okay? These are all different templates that kind of just tie into things that are interesting. It helps you kind of gauge how to speak on social media basically. And each one of them has a description and like the recipe. Like this one is one behind the scenes video, eight final images, okay? This one's 31 final images, so it's just a slideshow. This one's one BTS. There's some in here that are like one BTS and four images. Three BTS videos, which are like three small pieces and one final image. Two BTS.

He has one final image. So, you know, you're gonna pick one based on the material that you might have from the shoot. Okay? And here's what we're gonna do. So pick one, we're gonna edit it via canvas. So these are all on the desktop. They're not like the, it's much easier than like say creating this from scratch, but still it's a little bit annoying that you gotta go to the desktop and do this. We're gonna have other tools for you that I'll show you in a bit. But you're gonna click the link and you're gonna click use template. So let's just go through this together. Okay? So let's do one of these. We'll do one that's kind of fairly simple. Two BTS, one final image, beautiful things. And we're gonna hit that one. Okay? Now.

What we wanna do is use the template. It's gonna give you a link. You know what, let me do this. Let me open this. I'm gonna copy the link and we're gonna open it incognito because I think I'm already logged into Canva. So I want you guys to see the view that you'll get. Mother tutter. Oh, did it actually give me the same link? Okay, let's go back and copy that one link. Copy, okay. You gotta be joking.

Is that one link broken? Maybe you guys can set it up, test it, if anyone's watching live, and I'm gonna grab a different one. If it is, I'll fix it later. So let's look at... Okay, I'm gonna click Edit Brand Template. What you'll see on your side is you should see a prompt that basically says Use Template for New Design, and you're gonna select that, okay? You're not gonna have the ability to edit the templates. I converted some of these to brand templates, which is why maybe right now some of the links are broken, but if they are, I'll fix them real quick. What you're gonna do is insert your B-roll, your final images, and just make sure...

that the timing is correct and then you're gonna download it as a 1080p video and you can publish from there. Okay so you'll see very quickly what this is so this is okay very simple this is two behind-the-scenes videos and then a final image right now as you're looking at this I want you to kind of start thinking about speaking in social media terms right because look at how short this is and by the way there's instructions on the beginning of each one of these okay but look at how simple this is it is roughly let's see

Two, it's less than 10 seconds in total. Yo, you wanna see something cool? It explains one thing. No. Well, I'm gonna do that. One thing. And then it shows. Now, what else is there? There's actually, so there's a text hook there, isn't there? Explaining one thing, flash, explaining another thing. But there's also an audio hook. The audio hook is the song itself. This is where a trending sound can be potentially useful. The reason why it's useful is because a lot of people have already heard this sound and they know that there's a drop in the song, right? And so what they're gonna do.

is they're gonna wait for the drop because when they see you show behind the scenes and they see this, they're gonna go, oh, there must be a reveal, there must be a payoff. So they wait for the drop in the song and as they wait for a drop because they're trained to do that, what does it do to average watch time? Well, it lifts your average watch time, right? So editing these are very simple. The only thing that I would note here is when you're, so if I go to just look at videos that I have, right? These videos aren't gonna necessarily sync up, but let's grab this video. The only thing that I would, actually that video is a video by itself. Let's use this one. The only other dimension is when you grab a video, like this one's 14 seconds and this one is.

is, what is this, 1.9 seconds, right? It's going to adjust the time to this new length. So see how it adjusted the time to that new length. I'm gonna pause this so it doesn't keep going. So the important thing to remember is to click on this and just trim it right here to 1.9. Okay, you trim it to 1.9 and then you use this little slider to move it around as to like which 1.9 seconds you want it to be, okay? So that's the main thing is just make sure that you actually trim it. I think I actually did this on two layers instead of one layer. So there we go.

So you select this, I wish it did not play it every time I clicked it. You go 1.9 seconds, okay, hit enter, and then you just move this around to the correct 1.9 seconds, and then you're good to go. So basically what I'm saying is make a mental note, this is two seconds, so when you drop the new one in, it's two seconds, adjust that back at two seconds. When you do that, let's mute this as well. I'm gonna mute the audio on this one. Yo, you wanna see something cool? No. Okay, when you do that, then it lines up back with the audio in the background.

Okay, I know there's a little bit of quirks in this process. It's a little bit annoying, but it's still much, much faster than creating this on your own. And with the templates, it allows me to show you kind of how this, what good content might look like, okay? Obviously you'd change, you can double click and you can change any of the text, the copy. You can change the style of it. You can move it around. You can have a point of different things. You could delete it. Like if you're like, oh, I don't need these two pieces for the video. I'm gonna just delete these off and you're good to do that too. I would recommend some form of a text hook though. Like the text hook could be, wait for it. The text hook could be, you know, check out the final shot. The text hook could be, join me behind the scenes. Like have some sort of a.

a hook there to like let them know something's coming. Okay, so that when someone sees it, they stay on the video. All right, let's jump back here and make sure we got everything. So yeah, when you wanna download, you click share and you go to download and then you go MP4 video and then you just do 1080p quality. You could up it to 4K if you wanted to, but you don't need to. The one thing I wanna mention was make sure you deselect the instructions page every time you do this. So every one of the templates will have an instruction page. Make sure you don't select the instruction page when you download it, obviously. Okay, you hit done and then you hit download. It'll automatically save it out as your video and you're good to go.

you've got really cool videos with all these templates. And you can use the same template multiple times, by the way. You could also even swap out the audio and everything if you wanted to. But start with what we have, play with it, and then you're gonna go ahead and upload it to the platform of choosing, which usually for most of you, it's gonna be Instagram. Okay. Yes, for the most part, by the way, these are all, I think we tried to use assets in this that can all be used with free accounts. So if you'll notice back on the brand strategist, it says free versus pro, every one of these should be using free assets. So you guys can use these whether you have a free or pro account. Okay.

Play with these. It's a good place to start. Holler if you have any issues or better yet, technical issues, chat GPT. But yeah, hopefully this video will give you a complete guide on exactly how to go through those. And then you're going to pause. I want you to finish and publish your first short form video. All right. Feel free to post. I'd love to see when you have that video ready to go. I'd love to check it out. What I don't recommend doing, by the way, is heavily modifying these templates, extending out time because you're like, oh man, I want to show more behind the scenes. Don't lose what we've already created for you in those templates. The quick shortness, the engagement, the entertaining aspect of it, the synced up to the beat.

and all that. Let's not modify until you kind of have a good grasp of the language. All right, let's jump to the next lesson.