This is the point now where I want you to start paying attention and understanding your analytics, okay? It doesn't mean that we're not to the place where we're creating custom content yet. I mean, we're using templates to kind of like make our own content, right? But now that we're starting to publish, we're using templates to publish, this is the place where I'm like, okay, analytics are kind of your best roadmap to understand what's happening, where your content might be weak. I want you to start learning them, and it's actually very simple to do because as we step into creating custom content, that's where you're gonna really wanna look at these analytics and see like how these videos are performing, because you're gonna see the analytics are gonna point.

glaringly to the issues that the video has. And in every single situation, the issues are gonna line up with that checklist that I gave you before, okay? We're missing pieces on the checklist, and that's why we're not getting something that is working. So let's jump into those, because it's actually pretty simple. The two most valuable metrics, in my opinion, are comments. This is, I'd probably say maybe this is the secondary one. I would say shares. Shares are showing you what your audience finds valuable. If you post something and you start seeing, hey, there's 10, 15, 20 people sharing this, they thought the idea, the information, the inspiration was valuable enough.

to share with somebody else. And so it's a really great indicator of, okay, this was something that was very valuable to them. They thought this was very interesting. Most likely, they're sharing it with their partners. They're saying, hey, we should do something like this. Hey, we should try this, right? Comments are what people are engaging with, okay? When they feel like they need to leave a thought, an idea there. And if you're getting good comments, what it means is like you're really tapping in emotionally to what they want to see or potentially something that they want to offer a thought on. So I like those two. Behind the scenes, so these are the two most valuable metrics like when you're looking at something.

Likes, really not a valuable metric at all. So please don't concern yourself with likes. The other one that's new is remixes. Remixes are kind of like shares. They go on to, it's a new feature that they recently added where like if someone remixes something, everybody has a remix tab now on their profile and a remix video, it's kind of like a share. It shows up on somebody else's remix tab, okay? So think of that as very similar in terms of what it's telling you. Behind the scenes, I really only want you to concern yourself with a couple things. This is the total reach. And what I love about this is Instagram does a really great job of, they're gonna show it to some of your followers and then they're also gonna.

to show it to non-followers and this is very valuable, right? This is our viral growth capabilities. So you're gonna see like the followers are the ones that if they're not intrinsically interested in what you're posting, like Jeremy Littles, it would have shown it to 56% of his followers. And if they weren't interested because he's now talking about jerky instead of jokes, they're the ones that are gonna depress the average watch time because they're all gonna click off. And so it's not gonna serve it to nearly as many non-followers because of those existing followers, right? But this will show you the split and the splits more just like it's interesting to see.

Okay, what's really important is just this right here, the average watch time. That's seven seconds. Okay. We want more. So if it's a 10 second video and the average watch time was eight seconds, that's pretty damn good. If it's a 10 second video and the average watch time was two seconds, what happened? That's like, okay, did we not have a hook? Most, most of the answers here, whenever average watch time is low, we shat the bed. And usually the starting point is we shat the bed on the hook. Okay. We didn't give somebody a reason to stay. So think about the way someone is scrolling. The way they're scrolling on Instagram is swiping, right? They're going from one video to the

the next. This is on Instagram, on TikTok. Let me mute this. If I don't instantly see something I like, I'm just like, okay, show me the next one, right? Let me bring this back a little bit. Show me the next one. Show me the next one. So if the opening hook doesn't get me, then I land with an average watch time of two seconds. Now, if the watch time is say 15 seconds and the video was 30 seconds long, what that means is you did hook them. You just didn't deliver on the hook. Okay? That means that they kind of found it interesting, but by 15 seconds in, they were kind of like, oh, I'm done. Means that the end

side material wasn't as good. Does that make sense? It's so easy to see what's going wrong. If, if average watch time is limited to like that, that, that three to five second range, if, if all of it is pushed down there, we're like, okay, we have a hook problem. If, if people are getting halfway through a longer video, 30, 40, 50 seconds, okay, the content could have been maybe faster paced there. Maybe we're spending too much time on, you know, using too many words and we need more word economy. We need to bring it down a little bit. But this is the doctor that points to what the actual problem is with the system. It's the, it's the, the, the, your analytics are the doctor.

that points out the symptom of the issue. I think that was a completely bullshit analogy, but that's okay. You get my point. We're not gonna belabor it. Blaber, blaber it. Okay, so if average watch time is low, the hook is likely weak, the material topic itself might not be of interest. If they're getting past it, we know that we have a content issue potentially. And then if you've got like this little replays, if replays are high on a video, you're like, oh, I'm hitting something strong with this because people are watching it and they're watching it over again, which means maybe they're showing it. Maybe they're watching it more than once themselves. Maybe they're showing it to other people. And that's absolutely fantastic.

Fantastic. Again, every one of you, your largest and most likely issue when it comes to all this is gonna be this procrastination because of perfectionism. I don't want you trying to perfect anything here. I want you to look for improvement over time, I want you to be publishing, and I simply want you to, over time, check off more boxes. Okay, going back to that checklist that we looked at previously, I don't care that your first video, where was our checklist, we've covered a lot. Okay, look, your first video, might only check off two or three of these. By next week, let's add another box.

By the following week, let's add another box. Within a few weeks of doing this, you'll be hitting every one of these boxes and you don't even need the checklist anymore. It'll just come second nature. Now that we understand analytics, let's go forward.