And you can go straight from there too. So we don't have to just pull, it might have been, was it Paris? I don't remember where it was. But you get the idea of this. So look, what it's gonna come back with is it's gonna use the same framework. This is the framework that I use to create content that helps framework. So love and presence driven topics, elopement and destination experience topics, connection and emotional support topics. Are you overwhelmed with wedding planning? Like we can literally just have a conversation about that. And all I do is I say, okay, what do we do when our clients are super nervous? Let's do a video on this. And I bring that up.

Okay, so key points, so if I'm doing this as a talking head video, what do we do when you feel kind of nervous in front of the camera? Well here's what we do inside of our studio. First I never expect couples to perform and what I might say is, oh what it needs from me is key points. Okay so it's missing those key points, so once I have these three pieces I'll generate the key points. Point number one, I don't pose, I direct and help them.

Number two, I want imagery that feels authentic. I'm just putting in some BS right now. Three. And feel supported and taking time. Okay. So I gave it the key points. Now it's gonna give me my opening hooks and everything like that. Okay. So if you feel awkward in front of the camera, good. That means you're human. Here's how I approach my shoots. Okay.

we simply would go through our script. And you can always say like, it actually asked me, do you want a 30 second compressed version of this too? Sure, you can always go back and forth, say let's shorten this, let's do this, let's give it 30 seconds or 20 seconds. But this is another way that you can basically ideate around these short form topics that you can bring. Now, one of the questions that has come up is, do you have to be talking head for these short form videos or can you just incorporate the hook into your reel using images, music, and then writing the content into your IG captions? Abso-freaking-lutely, okay? Look, this content works a number of different ways.

I like talking head for some because we're going to talk about this idea of content buckets. Okay, these are different categories of content we create. So one content bucket would be like a talking head video. And I'm going to give you examples of more later. Another example would be like, well, we could take this content and we could put it into a carousel, couldn't we? Like three simple ways to be fully present on your Lopen day. Couldn't that just be a carousel of images that we actually just show? Like you can easily go right over here to Canva. Watch this. Okay, we're going to create a new and I'm going to put carousel. Okay, we're going to do Instagram.

carousel. And then it's going to give me templates right over here. So I can choose any one of these carousel templates that fit my brand. I can make my own. Let's say I choose this one. Okay, apply all six pages. And then all I do is I go back to ChatGPT, three simple ways to be fully present. And you can present the material through a carousel, couldn't you? And you literally go to the next one, drop in the next one, go back to chat, everything, right? So what if I did this one? Let's see.

Feel awkward means you're human. Here's how I approach each shoot. Okay, and we simply grab the points. I mean, we need to come up with points that actually would fit, but this is a really easy way to create a great piece of carousel content. So you can drop this into a carousel, which is another type of content bucket, right? You could use talking head. That's you speaking to the camera. You could do something.

we're gonna talk about repurposing. The idea here is when you have a great piece of content that does well, you repurpose it. So if it's a talking head video, you then turn it into a carousel and post the same thing again. This is how we can get so much out of so little with a top-down content marketing design. We don't have to sit here and always come up with new things. We can come with new ways of talking about the same things. And that makes your life much, much easier. So great question, and I hope that kind of brings a lot of clarity to this as well. I think you guys get the idea of how we can use the viral scripter. If at any point you're ever confused with this, you can always drop right into the viral scripter.

and just say, how do I use you? Okay, it'll give you a set of instructions and guides. Here's how to use me. Give me some key points. Give me ideally what length you'd want if you want a following, if you want a call to action. So here's an example prompt that you might give. So you can work by giving it an SEO article. You can work by giving it an existing piece of content. You can work by scratch, or you can work through this format of like, just giving it a topic that you want to talk on, okay? And then it'll create each piece for you. One thing that I currently don't kind of recommend is I don't like using chat GPT and AI tools right now to create the carousels.

I generally just create the content, I reword it, and then I'll bring it to another platform. You can use these platforms to create actual like photos and carousels and the actual text. It just doesn't tend to look good and it doesn't follow like a style that you would want. Plus it spells things wrong too. So it's a little bit annoying and it's not one of those things that I would really spend too much time on. Okay, let's jump on. Let's make sure we got this. Okay, step two. So before you film the concept, I do wanna make sure that you basically run it back through the checklist, okay? So make sure that it fits the checklist, make sure it has a good hook. Then we're gonna film it if we're talking about a talking head video, right? What I would say with talking head is you.

don't need to go crazy. Your phone works just fine, and it's actually gonna create more authentic, more relatable content. One of the things that I like to say is production is the enemy of authenticity. If you want something to feel authentic, if you want it to feel grounded, high production is the enemy of that. It literally feels the opposite of that. So use your phone. Don't light it perfectly. Go on a walk, have a conversation. If you'd like, you can use Teleprompter. This is an app that'll allow you to read from a script while you're actually filming on your phone. So you can literally just look at the front-facing camera, and it'll show you a script where your eyes are right there at the top, and you just read off.

fit as it records. And you can also use CapCut to say, edit directly on the phone as well. Another app for editing right on the phone is like Video Leap. I would say CapCut is probably like the standard for this, but you can use whatever you'd like to use. Okay, if you do wanna narrate these pieces, because one other way of doing it is you can actually narrate and just show images. That's another style of content too, right? We don't have to only do talking head. I'll give you more examples in a bit. But you can grab your shirt. So just grab your shirt or a shirt and put it over the front of the microphone. And it just acts as a pop filter. So if you guys can see this little filter, this little cloth right here, the foam over the mic is a pop filter.

filter and it helps to prevent plosives. Plosives are like sounds. You'll notice that when I'm talking I'm talking just a little bit above like one inch above the microphone which also helps to limit that because if I'm talking down here the likelihood of a plosive is gonna be increased too. So it just makes the audio not sound as good. So what I'll do is I'll get a t-shirt. My favorite place to record when I'm narrating something is I'll go into my closet. All the clothes around you act as like a natural sound dampener and it's how you can get professional sounding audio straight out of recording into your phone. Put the t-shirt right over this and then just narrate and speak directly above so you're like two inches above the phone.

and you're just talking straightforward. You can read the script, you can do whatever you'd like here, you can narrate however you want. Most apps like Videoleap or like CapCut, they'll allow you to narrate directly into it. So if you wanted to, you could load up your images into it and then narrate the ideas directly through it as well. There are so many ways of creating content. This is not a content course by, say I feel like we could spend just 30 hours on how we can create content. What this is is quick and simple ideas and how you can get moving. I want you to get started with all of this and then just start asking for feedback. Post what you got to the group, post online, watch the analysis.

you now know what those analytics mean, and let's start moving with it. So your last step is post and engage. So check back every now and then. One of the things that people often mention is, should we publish through the apps or can we use desktop apps? My recommendation is always gonna be, I know it's easier to publish through a desktop scheduling app, but they always get dinged, okay? These apps, they always get dinged compared to when just publishing it directly in app on the phone. So it's like, yeah, you can benefit on that side by saving a couple minutes, by scheduling these, or by doing on a desktop. But.

But by publishing it in your phone, look, the goal of each of these apps is to keep you in the app. So they're trying to create advantages to those that are staying in the app. You might as well post it in the app. Plus, if you're on a Mac, this is very easy. If you're not on a Mac, you have to kind of shortcut it through, say, Google Drive. But on a Mac, it's very easy. You can copy anything. If I press Control-C, I can copy something and I can paste it directly onto my phone. So if I want, I can just pull up my notepad, just my standard notepad, and what I'll do is I'll write the caption just on my notepad. But I'll write the caption just on notepad.