copy it and then paste it right here so I don't spend a lot of time like writing in a caption. So there's a lot of different like simple things like that workflow wise that you can build in. But my recommendation is generally to publish through the app because it's gonna get more reach and more visibility right out of the gate. And that is your best advantage versus just trying to save a minute or two. Oh, I finally pulled up my notes. Okay, some of you might ask also about like, what about publishing through Instagram? Or I think Facebook has like their own publishing interface. Again, you can test it. You're more likely to get far better results than say publishing through Facebook's direct interface, their meta interface versus like say.

a HubSpot or an outside platform, but I would still test it and see like, okay, if I post the same time, and one is just via the meta app through Instagram, and one is through Instagram directly, and it's the same time, it's similar content, how do the results vary? And if you notice, okay, yeah, I'm not getting as many, then again, go back to the phone. So just give it a test. I don't wanna give a general rule because they can change these things at any time, right? So be aware of it, give it a test, and run from that point, okay. Let's just see if we have questions. If you use a video to record on iPhone to record your audio, can you just use that audio in IG?

Yeah, you can record audio and just pull that directly over, too. So if you're using, so if you're recording audio through video on your phone, you need to use an editing app to pull the audio out, basically. But I believe if you drop it into the Instagram editor, you should be able to just to check the video portion and click the eyeball so it doesn't show the video and it just shows the audio. So, but if not, you'll have to strip the audio out, basically. How about publishing on Instagram from the computer? Okay, I think we kind of talked about that. Don't, don't, yeah, don't publish from the computer. Unless it's like through the meta interface, like you,

I've already mentioned that, so we should be good to go. Okay, friends, let's go on to the next lesson. Oh yeah, and pause. Let's create your first set. When you're ready for this, create your first custom piece of content. Let's get it up and start seeing how it does.