We're now to the place where we're gonna start talking about creating your own short form content. So now we're not using templates, we're actually gonna be creating custom short form. I would say this, I would say only when you're ready do I want you to kind of dive deeper into this rabbit hole, okay? And for some of you, that could potentially mean never. I do hope you explore this area because templates will take you a certain distance. But what a template isn't necessarily gonna do is it's not like, it's not a talking head video. A talking head video, by the way, that's the term that we use for a video like this, right? Where we're literally talking to our audience. A talking head video is.

one of my favorite ways to create custom content because it's a way for you to directly connect with your audience in a way that they're not gonna get when you're just using behind the scenes and kind of like template type stuff, right? So I think it's a great opportunity, but again, it's one that I want you to explore when you're ready for it and dive in deeper. Okay, so what we're gonna do now is we create these niche keywords, right? We created these topics that would be interesting to our audience and you house them over here under your brand and strategy workbook. We started placing those niche keyword phrases, topics for content right here. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna utilize the different tools that I've made for you for.

for chat GPT and we're going to start creating easy bits of short form content. So let's actually combine a few of those right now. What I've done here is I've made for you a short form script GPT and what this does is it's programmed to basically help you simply create really engaging short form content scripts and generally what we want to do is feed it a piece of content to actually get it to work. Okay you could start from the ground up with it too but I think it's a lot easier to take this top-down content marketing approach. We already did these SEO articles, these resources for our website, why not start turning those into actual videos. Okay so let's

Let's go into how to create custom short form scripts. So you're gonna grab any one of those SEO topics or articles that you have from those previous steps, okay? Obviously my workbook here is empty because that's the template workbook. Step one is we're gonna use the short form viral scripter to basically turn any one of these topics into something that your audience is gonna find interesting or valuable. So really all you're gonna do is input your topic, add a few key points, enter the desired length. If you wanna include an ending CTA, again, I like those to be lead magnets, that's optional as well. But let's go ahead and walk through what this looks like real fast, okay? So we're here inside of chatGBT.

This is the short form viral scripter. If I wanted to, and let me just shrink the window so you can see the bottom area. I wish they would bring the initial, that little thing up top a little bit. There we go, okay. Bring this up so you guys can see the bottom. Okay, so what I'm gonna do is we'll start from scratch and I'm gonna go to the brand strategist and I'm gonna say just in one paragraph, define my brand so I can have my custom GPT that designs my brand.

SEO content understand my audience. Okay, so I'm gonna ask the brand strategist, we've done this many, many times, right? Going throughout here. So we ask the brand strategist for basically a paragraph. I'm gonna grab this, and I'm gonna start with the SEO content creator. Let's assume that maybe you don't have those articles yet created. Let's just go from the ground up so you can see it all the way through. So what I'm gonna do is say, give me 10 awesome clickable SEO driven articles topics knowing this is my audience. Okay, and so we're gonna feed information.

from one GPT to the next. It gives me this little, thank you so much. Okay, how to plan an intentional elopement that actually feels like you. The best elopement locations for creative souls to hate the spotlight. That's kind of cool. The best elopement locations. I love that. So what I'm gonna do is say, okay, make me an SEO driven article on this one. Let's do five locations. Okay, and it goes, okay. Best elopement locations for creative souls who hate the spotlight.

And I can tweak that title. I can say the five best, whatever it is, right? And it looks like it lost my Paris, like this brand that we kind of followed from start to finish, it forgot where we were, right? So my business is only based out of Paris. So I'm just gonna give it that clarification. Let's focus there. Okay, now if I wanna change any of these locations, obviously I could, right? If I have specific locations, if I have specific images, I might change each one of these just to the images that I have. But now,

What I'm gonna do is jump over to the short form ViroScripter, okay? And I can do this a number of different ways. If I wanted to do, okay, let's just do this. I'm gonna copy all this. I'm gonna go to the short form ViroScripter. If I wanna give it the entire thing, I can. I could also, I'll show you a few different ways of prompting this. So this is one of the SEO driven articles on my website. Help me turn this into ideas for short form.

Talking head style videos So I can literally give it the entire piece and We're now basically on the third custom GPT, right? We have one and then we push to another and we push to another and look what it gives me You don't have to fight tourists at the Eiffel Tower to have a meaningful Paris elopement So what it's gonna do is actually give you the opening hooks That would be great for like like audio like text not spoken hooks. Okay, it's gonna then give you a script outline It's then I'm gonna give you additional short ideas based on this blog entry So a hidden gem a low one spot

Like, you can literally open up a video with this might be the most romantic park in Paris that nobody's heard of, perfect for elopements, it's called Buttes Chameaux. I'm sure my pronunciation was spot on perfect, okay? And then you say it's perfect for, and you say whatever you want to say about it, right? So one video could just highlight a specific location, a video could also be here's my five favorites. Now notice, if it's my five favorites, it's quicker, right? Okay. So for example, the script outline, the title is five elopement locations in Paris for introverts who hate the spotlight. This is 60 seconds.

And I would open it with like, look, you don't have to fight tourists at the Eiffel Tower to have a meaningful Paris elopement. Here are five locations that I love for introverts who hate the spotlight. Number one is Parc de Butte-Chamon. It's a hidden gem in the 19th, and I'd say that. Number two is the Square de Verte-Gallant. Number three is Parc Monceau. And I would just say one line about each of those. But notice how if we're gonna include more points, they're faster and more punchy, right? If we're gonna go deep into one, we give more ideas behind that one, right? We show more images, we go in depth. But this is.

a very easy way to start creating shorts around all the amazing content that you're creating for your resources. Now here's where it gets very, very powerful, right? Because if I also designed a lead magnet, and we're going to talk about those as we go, but I want you to have the idea in your head. Now, if I also design a lead magnet, that were my 10 favorite elopement locations in Paris, then what I would say at the end of the video is look, if you want my Paris elopement guide, just click the link in my bio. It's absolutely awesome. And it's completely free. Now you've got an on topic video that talks about locations.

for elopements, you have an ongoing lead magnet that gives them more, and in exchange, you get their information back. And is it targeted? Yes, because we open the video, when we talk about targeting the right audience, with a paid ad, we have all these little check boxes and things that we can put in to target the right people, right? When it comes to organic content, we rely on our hooks to target the right audience. We rely on the content itself to target. So the fact that we're saying, look, if you are eloping in Paris, you don't have to fight tourists at the Eiffel Tower. Let me give you some of my favorite locations instead. That's the hook that clarifies who we're.

speaking to and who's gonna be interested in this piece of content. And as algorithms get more and more, well, AI driven and more and more sophisticated, that opening hook is gonna become your categorization that the AI is gonna use to say, oh, this is a topic, I know that topic, this person's interested in that, I'm gonna serve it directly to them. So think of your hook like that. Your hook is not only giving them a reason to stay, telling them what they're gonna get in return, but also identifying exactly who we're speaking to. Now, this is pretty fun, right? How we can use existing content, but let me show you another.

other way that you can use the short form bioscriptor. What I can do is go back to my brand strategist and let's just say, did it give me, okay, I think I did this earlier. Knowing what you know about my brand. Okay, there was somewhere where I had, let's see, my meta description strategy, okay. We'll just take the last one. Can you be sure to remember I'm based out of Paris? Go back to our original.

original conversations. Okay. My network connection has been, you guys are still here, right? You can hear me okay? Cool. Okay, I'm gonna grab this. There we go. So what I could do is go straight for my brand strategist, okay? I can go to my short form viral scripter and I can say, this is my brand. Help me find awesome topics for short form content.