We're now to the place where we're gonna start talking about creating your own short form content. So now we're not using templates, we're actually gonna be creating custom short form. I would say this, I would say only when you're ready do I want you to kind of dive deeper into this rabbit hole, okay? And for some of you, that could potentially mean never. I do hope you explore this area because templates will take you a certain distance. But what a template isn't necessarily gonna do is it's not like, it's not a talking head video. A talking head video, by the way, that's the term that we use for a video like this, right? Where we're literally talking to our audience. A talking head video is.

one of my favorite ways to create custom content because it's a way for you to directly connect with your audience in a way that they're not gonna get when you're just using behind the scenes and kind of like template type stuff, right? So I think it's a great opportunity, but again, it's one that I want you to explore when you're ready for it and dive in deeper. Okay, so what we're gonna do now is we create these niche keywords, right? We created these topics that would be interesting to our audience and you house them over here under your brand and strategy workbook. We started placing those niche keyword phrases, topics for content right here. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna utilize the different tools that I've made for you for.

for chat GPT and we're going to start creating easy bits of short form content. So let's actually combine a few of those right now. What I've done here is I've made for you a short form script GPT and what this does is it's programmed to basically help you simply create really engaging short form content scripts and generally what we want to do is feed it a piece of content to actually get it to work. Okay you could start from the ground up with it too but I think it's a lot easier to take this top-down content marketing approach. We already did these SEO articles, these resources for our website, why not start turning those into actual videos. Okay so let's

Let's go into how to create custom short form scripts. So you're gonna grab any one of those SEO topics or articles that you have from those previous steps, okay? Obviously my workbook here is empty because that's the template workbook. Step one is we're gonna use the short form viral scripter to basically turn any one of these topics into something that your audience is gonna find interesting or valuable. So really all you're gonna do is input your topic, add a few key points, enter the desired length. If you wanna include an ending CTA, again, I like those to be lead magnets, that's optional as well. But let's go ahead and walk through what this looks like real fast, okay? So we're here inside of chatGBT.

This is the short form viral scripter. If I wanted to, and let me just shrink the window so you can see the bottom area. I wish they would bring the initial, that little thing up top a little bit. There we go, okay. Bring this up so you guys can see the bottom. Okay, so what I'm gonna do is we'll start from scratch and I'm gonna go to the brand strategist and I'm gonna say just in one paragraph, define my brand so I can have my custom GPT that designs my brand.

SEO content understand my audience. Okay, so I'm gonna ask the brand strategist, we've done this many, many times, right? Going throughout here. So we ask the brand strategist for basically a paragraph. I'm gonna grab this, and I'm gonna start with the SEO content creator. Let's assume that maybe you don't have those articles yet created. Let's just go from the ground up so you can see it all the way through. So what I'm gonna do is say, give me 10 awesome clickable SEO driven articles topics knowing this is my audience. Okay, and so we're gonna feed information.

from one GPT to the next. It gives me this little, thank you so much. Okay, how to plan an intentional elopement that actually feels like you. The best elopement locations for creative souls to hate the spotlight. That's kind of cool. The best elopement locations. I love that. So what I'm gonna do is say, okay, make me an SEO driven article on this one. Let's do five locations. Okay, and it goes, okay. Best elopement locations for creative souls who hate the spotlight.

And I can tweak that title. I can say the five best, whatever it is, right? And it looks like it lost my Paris, like this brand that we kind of followed from start to finish, it forgot where we were, right? So my business is only based out of Paris. So I'm just gonna give it that clarification. Let's focus there. Okay, now if I wanna change any of these locations, obviously I could, right? If I have specific locations, if I have specific images, I might change each one of these just to the images that I have. But now,

What I'm gonna do is jump over to the short form ViroScripter, okay? And I can do this a number of different ways. If I wanted to do, okay, let's just do this. I'm gonna copy all this. I'm gonna go to the short form ViroScripter. If I wanna give it the entire thing, I can. I could also, I'll show you a few different ways of prompting this. So this is one of the SEO driven articles on my website. Help me turn this into ideas for short form.

Talking head style videos So I can literally give it the entire piece and We're now basically on the third custom GPT, right? We have one and then we push to another and we push to another and look what it gives me You don't have to fight tourists at the Eiffel Tower to have a meaningful Paris elopement So what it's gonna do is actually give you the opening hooks That would be great for like like audio like text not spoken hooks. Okay, it's gonna then give you a script outline It's then I'm gonna give you additional short ideas based on this blog entry So a hidden gem a low one spot

Like, you can literally open up a video with this might be the most romantic park in Paris that nobody's heard of, perfect for elopements, it's called Buttes Chameaux. I'm sure my pronunciation was spot on perfect, okay? And then you say it's perfect for, and you say whatever you want to say about it, right? So one video could just highlight a specific location, a video could also be here's my five favorites. Now notice, if it's my five favorites, it's quicker, right? Okay. So for example, the script outline, the title is five elopement locations in Paris for introverts who hate the spotlight. This is 60 seconds.

And I would open it with like, look, you don't have to fight tourists at the Eiffel Tower to have a meaningful Paris elopement. Here are five locations that I love for introverts who hate the spotlight. Number one is Parc de Butte-Chamon. It's a hidden gem in the 19th, and I'd say that. Number two is the Square de Verte-Gallant. Number three is Parc Monceau. And I would just say one line about each of those. But notice how if we're gonna include more points, they're faster and more punchy, right? If we're gonna go deep into one, we give more ideas behind that one, right? We show more images, we go in depth. But this is.

a very easy way to start creating shorts around all the amazing content that you're creating for your resources. Now here's where it gets very, very powerful, right? Because if I also designed a lead magnet, and we're going to talk about those as we go, but I want you to have the idea in your head. Now, if I also design a lead magnet, that were my 10 favorite elopement locations in Paris, then what I would say at the end of the video is look, if you want my Paris elopement guide, just click the link in my bio. It's absolutely awesome. And it's completely free. Now you've got an on topic video that talks about locations.

for elopements, you have an ongoing lead magnet that gives them more, and in exchange, you get their information back. And is it targeted? Yes, because we open the video, when we talk about targeting the right audience, with a paid ad, we have all these little check boxes and things that we can put in to target the right people, right? When it comes to organic content, we rely on our hooks to target the right audience. We rely on the content itself to target. So the fact that we're saying, look, if you are eloping in Paris, you don't have to fight tourists at the Eiffel Tower. Let me give you some of my favorite locations instead. That's the hook that clarifies who we're.

speaking to and who's gonna be interested in this piece of content. And as algorithms get more and more, well, AI driven and more and more sophisticated, that opening hook is gonna become your categorization that the AI is gonna use to say, oh, this is a topic, I know that topic, this person's interested in that, I'm gonna serve it directly to them. So think of your hook like that. Your hook is not only giving them a reason to stay, telling them what they're gonna get in return, but also identifying exactly who we're speaking to. Now, this is pretty fun, right? How we can use existing content, but let me show you another.

other way that you can use the short form bioscriptor. What I can do is go back to my brand strategist and let's just say, did it give me, okay, I think I did this earlier. Knowing what you know about my brand. Okay, there was somewhere where I had, let's see, my meta description strategy, okay. We'll just take the last one. Can you be sure to remember I'm based out of Paris? Go back to our original.

original conversations. Okay. My network connection has been, you guys are still here, right? You can hear me okay? Cool. Okay, I'm gonna grab this. There we go. So what I could do is go straight for my brand strategist, okay? I can go to my short form viral scripter and I can say, this is my brand. Help me find awesome topics for short form content.

And you can go straight from there too. So we don't have to just pull, it might have been, was it Paris? I don't remember where it was. But you get the idea of this. So look, what it's gonna come back with is it's gonna use the same framework. This is the framework that I use to create content that helps framework. So love and presence driven topics, elopement and destination experience topics, connection and emotional support topics. Are you overwhelmed with wedding planning? Like we can literally just have a conversation about that. And all I do is I say, okay, what do we do when our clients are super nervous? Let's do a video on this. And I bring that up.

Okay, so key points, so if I'm doing this as a talking head video, what do we do when you feel kind of nervous in front of the camera? Well here's what we do inside of our studio. First I never expect couples to perform and what I might say is, oh what it needs from me is key points. Okay so it's missing those key points, so once I have these three pieces I'll generate the key points. Point number one, I don't pose, I direct and help them.

Number two, I want imagery that feels authentic. I'm just putting in some BS right now. Three. And feel supported and taking time. Okay. So I gave it the key points. Now it's gonna give me my opening hooks and everything like that. Okay. So if you feel awkward in front of the camera, good. That means you're human. Here's how I approach my shoots. Okay.

we simply would go through our script. And you can always say like, it actually asked me, do you want a 30 second compressed version of this too? Sure, you can always go back and forth, say let's shorten this, let's do this, let's give it 30 seconds or 20 seconds. But this is another way that you can basically ideate around these short form topics that you can bring. Now, one of the questions that has come up is, do you have to be talking head for these short form videos or can you just incorporate the hook into your reel using images, music, and then writing the content into your IG captions? Abso-freaking-lutely, okay? Look, this content works a number of different ways.

I like talking head for some because we're going to talk about this idea of content buckets. Okay, these are different categories of content we create. So one content bucket would be like a talking head video. And I'm going to give you examples of more later. Another example would be like, well, we could take this content and we could put it into a carousel, couldn't we? Like three simple ways to be fully present on your Lopen day. Couldn't that just be a carousel of images that we actually just show? Like you can easily go right over here to Canva. Watch this. Okay, we're going to create a new and I'm going to put carousel. Okay, we're going to do Instagram.

carousel. And then it's going to give me templates right over here. So I can choose any one of these carousel templates that fit my brand. I can make my own. Let's say I choose this one. Okay, apply all six pages. And then all I do is I go back to ChatGPT, three simple ways to be fully present. And you can present the material through a carousel, couldn't you? And you literally go to the next one, drop in the next one, go back to chat, everything, right? So what if I did this one? Let's see.

Feel awkward means you're human. Here's how I approach each shoot. Okay, and we simply grab the points. I mean, we need to come up with points that actually would fit, but this is a really easy way to create a great piece of carousel content. So you can drop this into a carousel, which is another type of content bucket, right? You could use talking head. That's you speaking to the camera. You could do something.

we're gonna talk about repurposing. The idea here is when you have a great piece of content that does well, you repurpose it. So if it's a talking head video, you then turn it into a carousel and post the same thing again. This is how we can get so much out of so little with a top-down content marketing design. We don't have to sit here and always come up with new things. We can come with new ways of talking about the same things. And that makes your life much, much easier. So great question, and I hope that kind of brings a lot of clarity to this as well. I think you guys get the idea of how we can use the viral scripter. If at any point you're ever confused with this, you can always drop right into the viral scripter.

and just say, how do I use you? Okay, it'll give you a set of instructions and guides. Here's how to use me. Give me some key points. Give me ideally what length you'd want if you want a following, if you want a call to action. So here's an example prompt that you might give. So you can work by giving it an SEO article. You can work by giving it an existing piece of content. You can work by scratch, or you can work through this format of like, just giving it a topic that you want to talk on, okay? And then it'll create each piece for you. One thing that I currently don't kind of recommend is I don't like using chat GPT and AI tools right now to create the carousels.

I generally just create the content, I reword it, and then I'll bring it to another platform. You can use these platforms to create actual like photos and carousels and the actual text. It just doesn't tend to look good and it doesn't follow like a style that you would want. Plus it spells things wrong too. So it's a little bit annoying and it's not one of those things that I would really spend too much time on. Okay, let's jump on. Let's make sure we got this. Okay, step two. So before you film the concept, I do wanna make sure that you basically run it back through the checklist, okay? So make sure that it fits the checklist, make sure it has a good hook. Then we're gonna film it if we're talking about a talking head video, right? What I would say with talking head is you.

don't need to go crazy. Your phone works just fine, and it's actually gonna create more authentic, more relatable content. One of the things that I like to say is production is the enemy of authenticity. If you want something to feel authentic, if you want it to feel grounded, high production is the enemy of that. It literally feels the opposite of that. So use your phone. Don't light it perfectly. Go on a walk, have a conversation. If you'd like, you can use Teleprompter. This is an app that'll allow you to read from a script while you're actually filming on your phone. So you can literally just look at the front-facing camera, and it'll show you a script where your eyes are right there at the top, and you just read off.

fit as it records. And you can also use CapCut to say, edit directly on the phone as well. Another app for editing right on the phone is like Video Leap. I would say CapCut is probably like the standard for this, but you can use whatever you'd like to use. Okay, if you do wanna narrate these pieces, because one other way of doing it is you can actually narrate and just show images. That's another style of content too, right? We don't have to only do talking head. I'll give you more examples in a bit. But you can grab your shirt. So just grab your shirt or a shirt and put it over the front of the microphone. And it just acts as a pop filter. So if you guys can see this little filter, this little cloth right here, the foam over the mic is a pop filter.

filter and it helps to prevent plosives. Plosives are like sounds. You'll notice that when I'm talking I'm talking just a little bit above like one inch above the microphone which also helps to limit that because if I'm talking down here the likelihood of a plosive is gonna be increased too. So it just makes the audio not sound as good. So what I'll do is I'll get a t-shirt. My favorite place to record when I'm narrating something is I'll go into my closet. All the clothes around you act as like a natural sound dampener and it's how you can get professional sounding audio straight out of recording into your phone. Put the t-shirt right over this and then just narrate and speak directly above so you're like two inches above the phone.

and you're just talking straightforward. You can read the script, you can do whatever you'd like here, you can narrate however you want. Most apps like Videoleap or like CapCut, they'll allow you to narrate directly into it. So if you wanted to, you could load up your images into it and then narrate the ideas directly through it as well. There are so many ways of creating content. This is not a content course by, say I feel like we could spend just 30 hours on how we can create content. What this is is quick and simple ideas and how you can get moving. I want you to get started with all of this and then just start asking for feedback. Post what you got to the group, post online, watch the analysis.

you now know what those analytics mean, and let's start moving with it. So your last step is post and engage. So check back every now and then. One of the things that people often mention is, should we publish through the apps or can we use desktop apps? My recommendation is always gonna be, I know it's easier to publish through a desktop scheduling app, but they always get dinged, okay? These apps, they always get dinged compared to when just publishing it directly in app on the phone. So it's like, yeah, you can benefit on that side by saving a couple minutes, by scheduling these, or by doing on a desktop. But.

But by publishing it in your phone, look, the goal of each of these apps is to keep you in the app. So they're trying to create advantages to those that are staying in the app. You might as well post it in the app. Plus, if you're on a Mac, this is very easy. If you're not on a Mac, you have to kind of shortcut it through, say, Google Drive. But on a Mac, it's very easy. You can copy anything. If I press Control-C, I can copy something and I can paste it directly onto my phone. So if I want, I can just pull up my notepad, just my standard notepad, and what I'll do is I'll write the caption just on my notepad. But I'll write the caption just on notepad.

copy it and then paste it right here so I don't spend a lot of time like writing in a caption. So there's a lot of different like simple things like that workflow wise that you can build in. But my recommendation is generally to publish through the app because it's gonna get more reach and more visibility right out of the gate. And that is your best advantage versus just trying to save a minute or two. Oh, I finally pulled up my notes. Okay, some of you might ask also about like, what about publishing through Instagram? Or I think Facebook has like their own publishing interface. Again, you can test it. You're more likely to get far better results than say publishing through Facebook's direct interface, their meta interface versus like say.

a HubSpot or an outside platform, but I would still test it and see like, okay, if I post the same time, and one is just via the meta app through Instagram, and one is through Instagram directly, and it's the same time, it's similar content, how do the results vary? And if you notice, okay, yeah, I'm not getting as many, then again, go back to the phone. So just give it a test. I don't wanna give a general rule because they can change these things at any time, right? So be aware of it, give it a test, and run from that point, okay. Let's just see if we have questions. If you use a video to record on iPhone to record your audio, can you just use that audio in IG?

Yeah, you can record audio and just pull that directly over, too. So if you're using, so if you're recording audio through video on your phone, you need to use an editing app to pull the audio out, basically. But I believe if you drop it into the Instagram editor, you should be able to just to check the video portion and click the eyeball so it doesn't show the video and it just shows the audio. So, but if not, you'll have to strip the audio out, basically. How about publishing on Instagram from the computer? Okay, I think we kind of talked about that. Don't, don't, yeah, don't publish from the computer. Unless it's like through the meta interface, like you,

I've already mentioned that, so we should be good to go. Okay, friends, let's go on to the next lesson. Oh yeah, and pause. Let's create your first set. When you're ready for this, create your first custom piece of content. Let's get it up and start seeing how it does.