a bit of context for what they're about to see and why they should stay. Because remember, when someone is scrolling in the feed, they're seeing one video after the next. So if we don't build these elements of hooks into the video, there's no reason for them to actually stay. Most people aren't gonna stay just to try to figure out what a video means. They're gonna click and move past it. So just like I like to start every article I write, every resource that I write, every lead magnet, every course, I always start with the title.

of that program or the title of that resource, the title of the article, because from there, it tells me exactly what needs to go inside of it to deliver on basically this promise, right? To make something that's clickable, something engaging, something has a strong promise, and then from there, we deliver on it. The hook in your videos, it serves the exact same promise, or serves the exact same purpose, I should say. It's there to tell somebody why they should stick around, why they should stay.

And then you're going to deliver on it so what you end up creating is not just clickbait. Now I can show you this exact same process. If I were to show you just briefly, I'm going to pull up Drive for one second because I was just working on a new three-day bootcamp that we're going to be doing for our next enrollment cycle. And so the new three-day bootcamp, I'm calling it Leads on Repeat. Now look, the first thing that I wrote is the actual hook.

days I'm going to show you the exact marketing system we've used to generate a hundred plus leads a month and over thirty million dollars in photography revenue over the last fifteen years without using paid ads. That's the entire premise. So before I even create the outline I create this hook and then once I go to the outline I go okay now I'm going to make sure that this delivers on what I wrote up here in terms of that hook. So what I want you to recognize is that no matter what type of content I'm creating no matter what type of content I'm creating it's going to deliver on what I wrote up here. It's going to deliver on what I wrote up here.

really we can remove the term content, we can replace it with anything, whether it's a marketing message, whether it's a course, whether it's a video, whether it's on YouTube, whether it's on Instagram, no matter what I'm creating, I'm starting with what is the value, what is the hook, what is the element that I want to create, the reason why I want somebody to watch this, and then we deliver on that, okay? And ultimately, I'm giving you a formula to do this throughout this entire module, but really what you're learning is just how to.

you tell an easy to understand story? It's just storytelling made simple. That's kind of the secret that you're learning right now, is this is just storytelling. Now most of you as photographers, you're already good about telling a visual story with images, with photography, but you'll remember that there was a point in time where you weren't that good at it. There was a point in time where you were like, man, these album spreads and layouts that other people are putting together are so cool. They've incorporated details and they've incorporated the getting ready and they've incorporated.

all these different elements and I feel like it tells a true story, there was a time when you were learning that as well. Now, you're simply learning how do we take this skill of storytelling and apply it to a different area, to social media, to a short form video, to a long form video, to an article, to a resource, all of that. I'm gonna give you examples of storytelling hooks and then I'm gonna give you a four step spoken hook formula in case you want to narrate a hook, okay, or speak a hook.

say in a talking head style video. So these are examples of storytelling hooks, things that you've probably heard quite a bit on other social media videos. So for just a moment, I want you to imagine, and then you continue the story, right? I have a story I've been dying to tell you, or I have a story I've been dying to tell someone about, so look, I'm gonna tell you. Let me tell you a story, a true story, mind you. Have you ever wondered what it would be like if? I want you to close your eyes.

and just picture this with me for a moment. I've been holding onto a fascinating story that is too good not to share. All of these are opening storytelling hooks that make a person go, hey, I kind of want to stick around and see what this person has to say, right? And then what comes after it, we need to make sure that it delivers on each of these promises. But if there was a formula for like a spoken hook, right? Now, obviously there's spoken hooks, but there's also all of these other types of.

There's visual hook, a text hook, a sound hook, narrated hook. Narrated is what I mean by a spoken hook and I'm gonna flip-flop that. As well as a viral hook, right? But if we're talking about like, is there a formula for say, a spoken hook in case you wanna do a talking head video, in case you wanna narrate a video, that's why I said spoken versus narrated because narrated, you're not on the screen. Spoken hook is like, it could be a talking head, it could be a narrated video, it's just something that you say out loud, okay? So what you're gonna do is grab.

any one of your SEO topics or articles, go back to your niche keywords in step six and eight, and then we can turn it directly into a short form video using the viral video creator. So basically we can do this in a number of ways. If you already have an interesting topic here, great, go and grab one of those and we can just use that topic. If you've already created resources, fantastic. If not, you can use this AI prompt with your brand strategist to help you ideate, okay? So what I would do is go back to my brand strategist. I'm gonna click down here.

here, where is it, see more, my brand strategist, and I would just drop this into my brand strategist. This will give you your ideas in terms of, like if you need to ideate on what you could possibly speak about if you don't have ideas from the previous section. So how to choose, my Northern Nest was an elopement brand, so this gives me elopement type videos or concepts. So if you want to learn more about Northern Nest, check out my Northern Nest video, and

Fantastic. From there, well, we're going to go to this next piece. You just select a spoken hook format. So I've given you, this isn't like an end-all, be-all list. It's just an idea of say 12 different very common formats. Like if you're planning, so going back to this, right? If and then. If you are planning an elopement in Paris, then here are five incredible locations to consider, right? So you can take any one of these hook formats.

and basically just turn each of those ideas into this little hook. So secrets and hacks. I'm gonna share with you my secret. Okay, here are my 10 secret hidden gem locations for eloping in Paris, okay? The number one thing. If you're eloping in Paris, the number one thing I've learned is dot, dot, dot. So each of these just gives you an idea. All you gotta do is start with this.

hook format, and then you're going to speak to your audience. You're going to make sure that you're, you're always saying, if you are, you're going to use the word you at least once within this hook. If you are planning an elopement, okay, here is my secret for your elopement in, in Paris, whatever it might be. And obviously we, we'd, it'd be ideal if we can include some power words in there. So power words are words like, like secret, right? Or here's proven or genius or, or hidden, or all of these are power words to make somebody go, Hmm.

I wanna, I really wanna check this out. Now, if we can include some numbers or points on that list too, that's even better. So going back to this, right? Let's see, here's how you can, or let's say if you're eloping in Paris, then here are three hidden locations you gotta check out. Perfect. Or if you are planning a surprise proposal, here are three incredible locations you have to check out. Right?

The number one thing I've learned as a maternity photographer is dot dot dot whatever you want to say the the biggest mistake you'll make when it comes to planning your wedding or there are three here are the three biggest mistakes you'll make when planning a wedding timeline. Be specific in terms like when planning a wedding or when it comes to your photography and wedding timeline be a little more specific than that but I think this gives

gives you ideas, speak to your audience, use power words in it, and then when you can, include numbered point lists. And I've given you just a whole little set of examples. Here are, if you feel low mood, here are three things that are gonna help. Stop taking pictures like this, try this instead. Now obviously, these are gonna be hooks that are on various topics. I want you to see what it looks like on these different topics, and you can apply it to whatever niche, whatever genre that you would like, okay? But obviously, here are my three favorite food joints in Los Angeles.

You wouldn't just take this and run with it as a photographer, that doesn't make any sense. But you would say, here are my three favorite, let's say my three favorite wedding venues in Los Angeles, or three awesome home improvement hacks that you need to know. Here are three awesome posing tips, or here are three awesome posing hacks that you need to know when it comes to Boudoir photography. Perfect, right? All of those work, and you're simply gonna take this and apply it. So these are great for anything that is spoken or narrated. These are great.

sample hooks to really bring people in. Now, question for you. When you use a spoken hook, should you still be incorporating a visual, a text, a sound, and these other elements? Absolutely. Just because you create, just because you have one of these doesn't mean that we don't want more. Ideally, we want as many of these as possible without them getting like messy, right? Sometimes if you have a narrator hook, but you're also doing like a sound hook and it can get very messy if you combine multiple. But most definitely.