Let's talk about this next piece now. And here, what we're really gonna be going into is we're learning how to create, you know, different pieces of short-form content and target them, make them viral within our audience, right? I'm gonna start giving you ideas now on how we can leverage what we're creating in other ways. And so we're, again, going back to the leverage framework. So take this as like, look, you're primarily here to learn how to viralize your short-form content, right? That's really the goal here. But at the same time.

I want to show you all these other tricks. Like, I want to have these things in your head so you recognize that, hey, now that I have a good piece of content, it's not over. I have, I can put this into a library, I can reuse this. And this is one of the ways that we're gonna talk about using these pieces of content is within an email or a nurture sequence. So when it's fitting, you can take a popular resource and you can build it directly into your email newsletter or a nurture sequence to enhance your overall client experience. So what is a nurture sequence?

It's simply a sequence of emails that's basically sent to newly acquired leads to help them on this journey that they have, right? Now, to do this, we obviously have to know what type of clients are coming in. This is why it was so critical earlier on, you did that legwork to identify the niche, the audience, because if you're getting people that want newborn photos and you primarily serve wedding clients, and so they join your email list, and all of a sudden you're sending them emails on how to plan their wedding.

That is absolutely meaningless to them. In fact, it's more than meaningless, it's actually damaging because they'd be like, oh, I must be in the wrong spot. So remember that this has to be designed with your ideal client in mind, with the type of clients that you're actually marketing to, right? The really beautiful thing about a nurture sequence is that 90% of professionals do not use them, okay? We have tested this, we've signed up for multiple people's, we did this when we were testing out the sales process, we actually put our info into very...

various popular, well-established photography studios in our area, and I think I've talked about this, but not only did we not get callbacks on a timely basis, we didn't get emails, we didn't get anything onboarding, we didn't even get a response email. It's like, oh, I've received your lead, I'm gonna get. So building a nurture sequence is literally something that can help you stand out right away, okay, as having an actual client experience where most people don't. The question of when should I start creating a nurture sequence? Good.

Honestly, it's kind of like yesterday. If you're collecting leads, if you have a form of lead caption on your page, meaning like you have a contact form, then you should have a nurture sequence. Now, is it an emergency? No, because as long as you're calling these people right away, as long as you're following the sales instructions in steps 12 through 15, then you're doing good on that side. And this is like, well, as far as when I should have it, as soon as possible, like think of it that way, okay? As soon as you can.

Build a nurture sequence, fantastic, but don't stretch yourself out about it so long as we're following the sales steps, we're getting back to people quickly. So how does this exactly work? Well, you create a sequence of emails that provides value and you're gonna use your existing resources and articles and this is kind of the first element when I said step one is like, we have to make sure that we've actually targeted the right people in doing this and when you don't have them, make them. So the existing resources, maybe I actually listed that wrong. I think I was meaning.

to say like these are in the SEO sections when you're developing your existing resource articles, I'll fix that in your download. So most photography CRMs are gonna support nurture sequences, meaning once they've captured the lead in the CRM, you have the option of creating an actual nurture sequence, a sequence of emails that will go out to them. So what I've done in this sample section is just given you a couple ideas of what this looks like, and you can easily go to your brand strategist and ask it to help you create a set of sequences for your tool.

do in just a moment. So here's a sample nurture sequence for, say, a wedding photographer, right? The first one that you get might be, you're engaged, here's what's next, okay? Now, if you don't know whether they're engaged or not, if maybe they're, like maybe you're in a Loban photographer, maybe you are, like you don't necessarily know, you could just modify that line, right? Like, you're planning a wedding, here's what's next, okay? Or, thank you for reaching out, here's what's next. So you welcome, you congratulate them, you briefly introduce yourself, set expectation for what comes next, and by the way.

By the way, this is a great spot to say, hey, if you'd like to learn more about me, click this link, it'll show you, and then it takes you to my About page. You don't need to say that. Just click this link. If you'd like to learn more about me, click this link, and then you have it go to your About page where they can learn more about you, right? The next, maybe you send them a tip on how do you choose the right wedding photographer, okay? Maybe it's three of my favorite. Now, here's the thing that you have to remember. This is an idea. If, for example.

you're using the five minute rule and you're getting back to them right away, maybe you don't want this to be the next email because they may have already chosen the wedding photographer like you want them to book with you and if a day later or two days later they get an email that says, how do you choose the right person? It sounds like you're not in touch with them, right? So generally, we wanna make sure that we're writing and topics that are fitting of our actual workflow.

times if I have a nurture sequence that would go out to a lead, as soon as I've contacted that lead, if I've booked them, I might actually turn off the nurture sequence and say, okay, they've booked, we don't need to send them these. Now I might send them a new sequence for newly booked clients, because this becomes no longer relevant. If they don't book, then this is totally relevant. How do I choose the right wedding photographer? Because you want to help them in this journey. Then the next one might be three of my favorite love stories.

to work, you feature three to five of your favorite client galleries. Then the next one is worry about looking awkward in photos, check this out. Then it's my top tips for unforgettable wedding photos. Your sequence could be three emails, it could be five emails. As far as a cadence goes, I'd suggest like maybe sending out the nurture sequence like every other day, okay? Every other day is a good pace. We don't wanna spread this out over a long period of time because usually people make their decision on hiring somebody within a week. So we kind of.

want to condense those emails to arrive in that period. But could you link up short form content to these pieces right here? Yes, if you've got a, you know, three of my favorite locations, absolutely, that might be the second one you want to send and you say, click this video to check it out and they click and they see that short form video, right? So your short form content works beautifully inside of a nurture sequence to personalize it. Now, if we looked at like a sample.

sequence for boudoir, okay? You're in, here's what's next. So this is easing the nerves, this is welcoming them, maybe telling a little bit of a story about yourself. Then it's starting to handle objections. I love using nurture sequences to handle objections. Think you have to lose 10 pounds first? Let's talk. Here's what to wear, here's what not to wear. Here's her story of how this client came, found confidence in boudoir. Now, again, if the client books, we should probably stop the sequence, right? So as soon as they book, we need to keep in mind.

like, okay, I might wanna have a nurture sequence. When you get to this place, right, not right away, when you get to this place, you might have a nurture sequence for new leads, and they receive that until the point that they book, and then you have a nurture sequence for new bookings, and they receive those to help them plan out their, and schedule their call or whatever leading up to their shoot, okay? So don't feel like there's a one type of end all be all. But if you want ideas, what I would do is go back to your.

Let's go back to our brand strategist and I would say with what you know about my brand help me develop a short email sequence for new leads assuming they haven't yet booked. Let's work through the topics first then give me the actual emails. Okay. So.

Let's set this up strategically. Leads who haven't booked yet, we want to warm them up, want to help them see values, build trust. Okay, so email one, welcome and brand story. Email two, emotional vision and portfolio. Email three, overcoming fear and anxieties. Email four, guidance and support. So it gives you ideas for each of these, and then you can simply say, okay, let's modify the subjects. Let's do number one as this. Let's do number two. Let's limit this to three emails. I can say if it was just three emails sent over a week, what do.

you think would be the most important topics for couples who are eloping in Paris? Okay. So look, the heart of eloping in Paris, emotional connection and why, why it matters, couples need to be validated, overcoming worries, making it real, invitation to slow down and connect. So I'm sure you all have ideas on what this client journey would look like. If those ideas are concrete for you, fantastic.