Repurpose and reshare workflow, or no, sorry, repurpose and reshare plus workflow. That's what I meant to say. So look, we're here in the leverage framework, right? Now it's understanding that I want you to actually house all of your content in a library where you can easily access them, where you can share them and reshare that content over time. So what I want you all to realize is as we're creating social media content or even SEO content, we start with this top-down design, right? As we're.

creating all this marketing material, it's not like it's one and done. You're creating assets that are gonna go into a library that we're gonna reuse. This is also why a lot of you are stressing about, oh man, right now it takes me a couple hours per video. Not only will that process get faster, but as you build this library, your need to create new content goes down. So after 30 days of this, you're like, man, I already have a bunch of content that I'd like to republish, to reuse, that I can actually create more of. Once you've got 90 days of this, you're like,

Like, oh my goodness, once you've done this for a year, you literally have a library where at any point in time, you can republish something that you have. And I'm gonna give you rules kind of around it and guidelines for this, but I want you to recognize that there is so much here in terms of repurposing and resharing as long as we stay organized with the content we're creating. Now, again, this is not at the front of this entire social media section because repurposing, resharing and workflow, it's...

It's one of those things that I want it to come in the process of you actually creating. I don't want you to sit there and try to perfect your workflow before you start creating. So this isn't one of those things that needs to happen like within your first few videos. It's one of those things where you take it as it comes. You're five videos in, you're 10 videos in. Okay, now it's time to start creating this library as we move forward and start keeping things so I can repurpose them. So let me start with this, an ideal content calendar. I would love.

for you, you know, at the beginning, you're not really posting anything. This is usually where we are is like Sunday through Sunday or Saturday through Sunday, we're not posting anything. It's not consistent. I want you to start with like two times a week. So make a commitment and go, I'm going to publish on Tuesdays and Thursdays, make that your first goal. Then you've got that kind of down and you're like, okay, great. I can do this. I can manage this. Maybe I've done it for a month. I've proven it. Then you go to three times a week and you go Monday, Wednesday, Friday. And guess what? Maybe once a week, you're.

is using one of those previous videos and maybe you're repurposing it like we're gonna show here, right? You've done that for a couple months and you've got that process down, you're consistent, and now you go, okay, I'm gonna up this to five times a week, Monday through Friday. And once or twice a week, you repurpose something from the past, right? I would say five times a week is sort of the ideal, meaning like if you want the best bang for your buck in the algorithms, generally once a day, Monday through Friday is gonna be ideal. Seven times a week is optional.

Anything above five X a week is really just like icing on the cake. There's not really a limit to how much, so I don't want you to waste your life on this, but I do want you to recognize like, you know, each one of these is, is, this is good. This is great. Five is ideal. We don't really need to go beyond that. Okay. All right. Teddy Roosevelt, he said, do what you can with what you have and where you are. And we've kind of repurposed this quote to one that I really love. Uh, the way that it's usually said today is do what you can.

and when you can, do more, okay? So I get it, I get that you're busy, I get that there's a lot of things going on, I'd like for you to commit to something. If all it is right now is committing to, you know, if you're gonna go once a week, fine. Go on Wednesdays, go once a week. If you're gonna go twice a week, commit to something. So do what you can, when you can, do more. And the name of the game here when it comes to marketing is just consistency. Consistency is always gonna be king in this space, so just kind of keep that in mind.

Now, here's this thing, lifespan. I don't want you to constantly create new material. I want you to extend the lifespan of your most engaging content by repurposing and resharing. And here's how we're gonna do it. So we're gonna talk workflow. So this is, and I'm gonna give you a little more concrete example in just a second, but this is my content archive. So this is located on Google Drive, and I can actually show you. So this is where I house everything. So if I go to my drive, and I go to content archive.

this is literally everything. This is my personal stuff, my portfolio, Visual Flow. This is photography short form. This is other types of short form for like other companies that we create. This is long form where our YouTube videos go. Everything is housed here so that it's easy to access whenever I need it, okay? I would highly recommend using Google Drive for yourself as well because I use Apple through my whole ecosystem, but I use Google Drive in conjunction because if I'm on a PC or if I'm using any other phone, then it's easy.

It's easy to access, it's kind of this neutral source where you can access it from Android or Apple devices, okay? All of my behind the scenes images, everything is here so I can use it anywhere. Now the actual workflow, it goes like this. So here's my workflow guide, okay? The day of or the day after your shoot. Why do I do it the day of or the day after? Because I want this to be fresh. The shoot is fresh, what I know were great images, that's fresh, the behind the scenes that I captured, all of this is right.

in my head, doing it the day after your shoot, or as quickly as you can after your shoot, is the difference between spending one to two hours on this versus wasting an entire day on this process, okay? So the day after the shoot, we create the Google Drive folder. I've given you a little sample of how it looks, okay? So all I do is I would go underneath, you can put it in any folder you like, but it's the date, and then this one says Johnson Family Portrait. So just a brief description of the shoot, okay?

If you want to name it differently, by all means, I'm just showing you the way that I'm doing this. Inside of that folder, I'll create the following folder structure and I just copy this. You can create a template folder that's just labeled 000 template and then duplicate that folder with every single new shoe and then just rename it to keep it very simple, okay? If you're asking, how do we do this? Well, you literally go into any one of these folders wherever you plan on putting your content, you just right click and you put new folder.

Okay, so anywhere you wanna put your content, you do this. Please keep it all in one place. So one primary folder that houses all of it. Next you have raw BTS, images plus BTS, and shorts, okay? I label it like this, so final shorts and whatnot. This is where if you wanna keep all of your behind-the-scenes video for something, like for archival, maybe you're gonna use it, this assumes that you have adequate space on Google Drive, you can do that. I would say this is.

optional. You don't have to keep all of your behind-the-scenes footage. I used to keep everything and then I got to the point where I'm creating so much footage that I'm like, you know what, I'm just going to keep the final bits of behind-the-scenes that I'm going to use. So I want to say that this is optional and if you don't want to do this, obviously just delete the folder and label this one 01 and this one 02, okay. The images in BTS folder, this is where I'm going to place cuts of my behind-the-scenes. So usually I'll put them in like little 30-second chunks like kind of showing a whole.

concept and then I'm gonna label the image to follow suit okay so behind the scenes 0 1 final image 0 1 so that way I can easily find them and know okay the behind the scenes this is the final image for that behind the scenes and you just have them linked up so I just use the number to like basically link them up so I know which behind the scenes applies to which final image okay and that's it they're 30 seconds behind-the-scenes chunks you can cut them any number of ways

number of ways, you could use Canva to cut them, you could use anything. One of my favorite tricks as well is when you've got it into Google Drive, here's a little secret that you can do inside of Canva. So inside of Canva, if you go under your projects, and then under folders, you can create as many of these folders as you like. So if you look under mine, I put all mine under SR Lounge for my educational stuff, it's BTS and B-roll. So whatever I cut and I snip here, I'll actually...

I can actually just add it directly to here and that way it's ready to go. I can use it in any piece of content that I want. So now I've literally have my content and you can put it into specific folders if you want to, but all my behind the scenes stills and B-roll is placed right here. So when I go to like a new project, right? If I'm creating a new project, I can go right to the upload section. I can go under folders and I can go right to, did I just do, oh, this is uploads.

Let's do, let's see here, videos. That's weird that it's only showing the one. Am I logged into the right account? I think I am. Let's refresh that real quick. Oh, okay, I think I have to go under projects. So if you go under uploads, this is for actually getting it onto your upload section. And then I think I have to go to projects to actually access it. There's the folders, okay. So under projects folders, we would just go to SR Lounge and then I can find all of my.