Repurpose and reshare workflow, or no, sorry, repurpose and reshare plus workflow. That's what I meant to say. So look, we're here in the leverage framework, right? Now it's understanding that I want you to actually house all of your content in a library where you can easily access them, where you can share them and reshare that content over time. So what I want you all to realize is as we're creating social media content or even SEO content, we start with this top-down design, right? As we're.

creating all this marketing material, it's not like it's one and done. You're creating assets that are gonna go into a library that we're gonna reuse. This is also why a lot of you are stressing about, oh man, right now it takes me a couple hours per video. Not only will that process get faster, but as you build this library, your need to create new content goes down. So after 30 days of this, you're like, man, I already have a bunch of content that I'd like to republish, to reuse, that I can actually create more of. Once you've got 90 days of this, you're like,

Like, oh my goodness, once you've done this for a year, you literally have a library where at any point in time, you can republish something that you have. And I'm gonna give you rules kind of around it and guidelines for this, but I want you to recognize that there is so much here in terms of repurposing and resharing as long as we stay organized with the content we're creating. Now, again, this is not at the front of this entire social media section because repurposing, resharing and workflow, it's...

It's one of those things that I want it to come in the process of you actually creating. I don't want you to sit there and try to perfect your workflow before you start creating. So this isn't one of those things that needs to happen like within your first few videos. It's one of those things where you take it as it comes. You're five videos in, you're 10 videos in. Okay, now it's time to start creating this library as we move forward and start keeping things so I can repurpose them. So let me start with this, an ideal content calendar. I would love.

for you, you know, at the beginning, you're not really posting anything. This is usually where we are is like Sunday through Sunday or Saturday through Sunday, we're not posting anything. It's not consistent. I want you to start with like two times a week. So make a commitment and go, I'm going to publish on Tuesdays and Thursdays, make that your first goal. Then you've got that kind of down and you're like, okay, great. I can do this. I can manage this. Maybe I've done it for a month. I've proven it. Then you go to three times a week and you go Monday, Wednesday, Friday. And guess what? Maybe once a week, you're.

is using one of those previous videos and maybe you're repurposing it like we're gonna show here, right? You've done that for a couple months and you've got that process down, you're consistent, and now you go, okay, I'm gonna up this to five times a week, Monday through Friday. And once or twice a week, you repurpose something from the past, right? I would say five times a week is sort of the ideal, meaning like if you want the best bang for your buck in the algorithms, generally once a day, Monday through Friday is gonna be ideal. Seven times a week is optional.

Anything above five X a week is really just like icing on the cake. There's not really a limit to how much, so I don't want you to waste your life on this, but I do want you to recognize like, you know, each one of these is, is, this is good. This is great. Five is ideal. We don't really need to go beyond that. Okay. All right. Teddy Roosevelt, he said, do what you can with what you have and where you are. And we've kind of repurposed this quote to one that I really love. Uh, the way that it's usually said today is do what you can.

and when you can, do more, okay? So I get it, I get that you're busy, I get that there's a lot of things going on, I'd like for you to commit to something. If all it is right now is committing to, you know, if you're gonna go once a week, fine. Go on Wednesdays, go once a week. If you're gonna go twice a week, commit to something. So do what you can, when you can, do more. And the name of the game here when it comes to marketing is just consistency. Consistency is always gonna be king in this space, so just kind of keep that in mind.

Now, here's this thing, lifespan. I don't want you to constantly create new material. I want you to extend the lifespan of your most engaging content by repurposing and resharing. And here's how we're gonna do it. So we're gonna talk workflow. So this is, and I'm gonna give you a little more concrete example in just a second, but this is my content archive. So this is located on Google Drive, and I can actually show you. So this is where I house everything. So if I go to my drive, and I go to content archive.

this is literally everything. This is my personal stuff, my portfolio, Visual Flow. This is photography short form. This is other types of short form for like other companies that we create. This is long form where our YouTube videos go. Everything is housed here so that it's easy to access whenever I need it, okay? I would highly recommend using Google Drive for yourself as well because I use Apple through my whole ecosystem, but I use Google Drive in conjunction because if I'm on a PC or if I'm using any other phone, then it's easy.

It's easy to access, it's kind of this neutral source where you can access it from Android or Apple devices, okay? All of my behind the scenes images, everything is here so I can use it anywhere. Now the actual workflow, it goes like this. So here's my workflow guide, okay? The day of or the day after your shoot. Why do I do it the day of or the day after? Because I want this to be fresh. The shoot is fresh, what I know were great images, that's fresh, the behind the scenes that I captured, all of this is right.

in my head, doing it the day after your shoot, or as quickly as you can after your shoot, is the difference between spending one to two hours on this versus wasting an entire day on this process, okay? So the day after the shoot, we create the Google Drive folder. I've given you a little sample of how it looks, okay? So all I do is I would go underneath, you can put it in any folder you like, but it's the date, and then this one says Johnson Family Portrait. So just a brief description of the shoot, okay?

If you want to name it differently, by all means, I'm just showing you the way that I'm doing this. Inside of that folder, I'll create the following folder structure and I just copy this. You can create a template folder that's just labeled 000 template and then duplicate that folder with every single new shoe and then just rename it to keep it very simple, okay? If you're asking, how do we do this? Well, you literally go into any one of these folders wherever you plan on putting your content, you just right click and you put new folder.

Okay, so anywhere you wanna put your content, you do this. Please keep it all in one place. So one primary folder that houses all of it. Next you have raw BTS, images plus BTS, and shorts, okay? I label it like this, so final shorts and whatnot. This is where if you wanna keep all of your behind-the-scenes video for something, like for archival, maybe you're gonna use it, this assumes that you have adequate space on Google Drive, you can do that. I would say this is.

optional. You don't have to keep all of your behind-the-scenes footage. I used to keep everything and then I got to the point where I'm creating so much footage that I'm like, you know what, I'm just going to keep the final bits of behind-the-scenes that I'm going to use. So I want to say that this is optional and if you don't want to do this, obviously just delete the folder and label this one 01 and this one 02, okay. The images in BTS folder, this is where I'm going to place cuts of my behind-the-scenes. So usually I'll put them in like little 30-second chunks like kind of showing a whole.

concept and then I'm gonna label the image to follow suit okay so behind the scenes 0 1 final image 0 1 so that way I can easily find them and know okay the behind the scenes this is the final image for that behind the scenes and you just have them linked up so I just use the number to like basically link them up so I know which behind the scenes applies to which final image okay and that's it they're 30 seconds behind-the-scenes chunks you can cut them any number of ways

number of ways, you could use Canva to cut them, you could use anything. One of my favorite tricks as well is when you've got it into Google Drive, here's a little secret that you can do inside of Canva. So inside of Canva, if you go under your projects, and then under folders, you can create as many of these folders as you like. So if you look under mine, I put all mine under SR Lounge for my educational stuff, it's BTS and B-roll. So whatever I cut and I snip here, I'll actually...

I can actually just add it directly to here and that way it's ready to go. I can use it in any piece of content that I want. So now I've literally have my content and you can put it into specific folders if you want to, but all my behind the scenes stills and B-roll is placed right here. So when I go to like a new project, right? If I'm creating a new project, I can go right to the upload section. I can go under folders and I can go right to, did I just do, oh, this is uploads.

Let's do, let's see here, videos. That's weird that it's only showing the one. Am I logged into the right account? I think I am. Let's refresh that real quick. Oh, okay, I think I have to go under projects. So if you go under uploads, this is for actually getting it onto your upload section. And then I think I have to go to projects to actually access it. There's the folders, okay. So under projects folders, we would just go to SR Lounge and then I can find all of my.

folders here so I'm just going to go down to the BTS and b-roll and there's footage so I can now grab footage and just drag and drop that footage in and start creating a video like whatever video I want if it's you know this is obviously my footage is for educational purposes right but this is how simple it can be to create a piece of content once you have your footage actually organized okay so here's little pieces of like me out shooting and I can put a caption on this I can do whatever but it becomes

a really simple process. So drop them into your Google Drive folder under images and behind the scenes. Your final images are labeled so you can line them up and then throw them into Canva as well. You might as well in the process, you can organize them into subfolders if you'd like or just put them into one folder. Okay, yeah, you can edit videos inside of Canva. It's pretty dope and it's very quick. When you're doing this at a desktop the day after a shoot, you'd be surprised. You can literally have, you know, 10 pieces of.

of done content in an hour, when you get this process down, okay? Final shorts, or not done content, but you can have 10 pieces, like images plus B-roll, all done within the span of an hour. Okay, final shorts. Whenever you finish editing a short, whether it's from your phone or desktop, you're gonna drop it into the folder with a brief description, okay? So the final short is just gonna go under the folder, so that way, again, from any device, if I go up to these shorts, like other shorts, these are shorts that we've done for ourselves, for other brands, let's just pick one.

One, let's go to, we'll do a short for Adorama, okay? I can go back to any one of these shorts. I can click into it and there is the final video right here, okay? Instead of this path to photo, here's how you can create lightning reports like this one. First, find a dark room. So this makes it, so now that I'm building a library of these assets, once you've done this for a year, you have.

folders that are absolutely chock full of all of these concepts and ideas, and you can start to repurpose and reshare regularly, okay? This is what I want you to realize that a marketing system should be. It's not about just going and creating a simple video for social media. What am I gonna post today? That's not the way that I want you to work. I want you to have in mind, okay, I wanna start with something long form. It's gonna live on my website. It's gonna be an SEO-driven article. So you can be like.

Lucia, who's still booking Disney engagements, having written an article on it months prior, and she's getting tons of these Disney engagements constantly because of that simple article. So you're taking advantage of this top-down structure by first going to SEO, you can take advantage of AI and SEO searches, and then you're going down to the next piece. Okay, well now I'm gonna start dividing this into, most of us are gonna skip the long form and go straight to short form content. Then we're gonna go, okay, now I've got this library, I can start repurposing and I can reshare them.

Oh, now I'm ready to build a nurture sequence. Oh, awesome. This is what a top-down plan actually looks like. Okay. So that's the workflow that I'd like you guys to follow. Feel free to tweak and to adjust when you're doing this. Then when it comes to repurposing and resharing, I made a little guide for you. So just watch your analytics. And what you're going to do is take your best and most engaging content, and you're going to repurpose it by, well, you could take a popular video or a video that you think could be popular, improve it a little bit, and then just republish it.

Honestly, you can do this every 30 days. You could do it every seven days. If you're testing something out, you wanna just try it out. But really, within 30 days, nobody even remembers that you published that thing in the first place. So you could actually just republish the same video, make it better, and do that. And you'll find that when we do the audits, as you get to the end of this module and you see this section of audits, that's what I'm telling people to do. Like, look, this is a great concept. I want you to redo this one, follow the rules, just improve it a little bit with a text hook, with a visual element. Let's just.

improve it and then repost it. Easy way to reuse material. You could also create a carousel infographic or you can create a read-in-caption style video. So look, you get a high-performing short video. Like maybe it's three of my favorite locations for elopements. Three of my, five of my favorite posing tips. Whatever it is, right? We can create either a carousel or an infographic. I'm gonna show you how to do this right now, okay? Let's go right over to.

Canva and I just have that a plain document. This is a plain video document. We're gonna do a second one too. So let's do a create new and I'm gonna say carousel. Okay, we're gonna go Instagram carousel. And what it's gonna do is feed me a bunch of templates over here on the left side. So under the design column, it says carousel Instagram post. So if you've got five awesome locations for something, you could take any one of these, pick one that feels like your brand.

Once I find a carousel that I like, I kind of stick to it so it looks similar to my brand. So let's say that I'm running a brand portrait. Maybe I'm doing like brand portraits for businesses, right? I'm gonna click apply to all. And all I'm gonna do is say five brand portraits. Let's just say five. Gosh, dang it.

must have brand portraits. Okay, extend this a tiny bit. And then go to the second page and be like, number one is this one, and why, right? And then you show, copy this page right here, and the next page is just gonna be this, delete out everything, drop the image right there. Then you go number two is gonna be this one. So that could be a real, and then you could be like, hey, that real did really well. I'm gonna go ahead and make it a.

a carousel and you can repurpose the exact same material into a carousel and I go okay, now I'm just gonna go to my BTS, here's my images and I'm gonna drop my image right here and obviously you'd want an actual brand portrait image. I don't really have one, oh there we go. So let's say the hero shot. A nice and authentic image of you.

that people can relate to. So I'm literally writing this just as I go, coming up with like some sort of idea. You're gonna put obviously your info on there. So they go, when they click in the carousel, five must have brand portraits. Okay, the hero shot. Oh, cool. What is that? Oh, that's what a hero shot is. Oh, awesome. See how easy this is to digest? I'm literally just telling a story, aren't I? The story is, hey, every brand needs these five brand portraits. I'm literally just telling a story, aren't I?

If you want boudoir, here's five incredible poses. You know, whatever it might be, here's five locations that I love for surprise elopements. Anything can go into this that you can repurpose. So if you got a good video that does well, repurpose it. If you think something will do well, repurpose it. This is one way to do that. Here's another one. Another type of video that I love doing is the loop format where you do a read-in caption, okay? I show this in the audits as well when you get to the end of this module. But what I'm gonna do.

is this is just a new video folder, right? So we're just gonna go back and let's go scroll up here under elements for a second. And we're just gonna look for footage of something. So I would say like, where do I shoot often? Well, let's say that I'm often shooting kids in a field. So all I'm gonna do is grab a field image. Anything that you see here under videos, anything you see with a crown means that you need a premium account. Anything without the crown, you don't. So this one, I don't need a premium account. So I'm gonna use that one.

What I'm gonna do now is go to the elements, click, make sure you clear this, otherwise it shows only the filtered ones that say field. So I'm gonna say square. I'm gonna add a rectangle. I'm doing this quick because I know you guys can watch a replay and I wanna show you how fast this can be. I'm gonna change this square to black and I'm gonna lower the transparency, okay? So now what I've done is I've created a video with an overlay, okay? Now I'm gonna go to text and watch this. We're gonna pick.

I'm just going to make this simple. We're going to pick one of their, you know, already designed kind of like text pieces, right? Obviously, we want to spend a little bit of time to make this look like our brand, but I'm not going to worry about this right now. I'm just going to pick one. So content that clicks. And what I'm going to say instead is five tips for, let's say, let's see,

Five tips, I'll say three tips. Three tips for photographing children. Okay, I'm gonna ungroup this so I can modify each one of these. I'm gonna change the color here. Okay, I'm gonna hold down Alt or Option, click and drag this so I get a copy of that. And then I'm just gonna change the font. We'll just go Noah to make it simple. I'm gonna shrink it down. Read in caption. And then I'm gonna include a little arrow.

Now your arrow could be an emoji or your arrow could be an actual like element like you can go here and just pick an arrow. Right. I can grab this. OK. Read in caption. Now I'm just going to take this clip and I'm just going to chop it. So it's a looping footage. So what are we going to do? We're going to grab it right here. I'm just going to click chop anywhere. Delete this piece off.

little seven second video. Three tips for photographing children read in caption. If you do family portraits you could come up with any concept you'd like here. You're often shooting in the field this looks on-brand and now what you do is you write the actual tips into the caption. Now because somebody's gonna open up those those that caption and then start reading what happens to average watch time? You've made a seven second video but it's gonna take them 30 seconds 40 seconds to read it so the engagement time

your average watch time becomes like three, four, 500% because they're sitting there reading some really good tips on there, right? We made this in, what, a minute or two? And you can reuse this now multiple times based on different things you wanna share. Posing ideas, elopement tips, mistakes that you want people to avoid, all of these things you can incorporate. And if you ever are short on ideas, then you go right back to.

chatjbt, we go to the viral script writer, or let's go to the short form viral, there we go, right here. Say, I've got an awesome Instagram post where I want, and let me just shrink this a little bit so you guys can see. I think it might be at the very bottom of the screen. Okay. I want to have them read the tips in the caption while there's a simple.

Looping video. Write me an amazing caption designed for, designed to give parents tips on photographing their children, okay? Now, I don't know if I love this concept necessarily, like tips on photographing their children because you're kind of teaching them to do it themselves. It's not a bad way to go about it. You could be that authority that teaches them how to do stuff when you're not there, but we want to make sure that this is on brand, right? And it goes five symbol.

Tips to instantly improve photos, get on their level. Oh, what a great tip, like shooting from their eyeline makes your images feel more connected and natural. That actually would be really cool, right? Use natural light, I love that. Don't say cheese, instead tell a joke, let them play. I love all of these. So all you're gonna do now is just grab whatever you want here, modify it a little bit, copy and paste this right into the caption of that video. And now you've got a beautiful piece of content for your social media, positions you as authority, it gives value, it hits all the marks, and you're good to go.

Cool. Is that kind of fun and easy, like a nice way to see how to repurpose something? So you can create a carousel infographic, you can create a read and caption post, all that works. You could also then go to like, okay, I've got some really great concepts that I think would make for a fantastic lead magnet. So you can turn a bunch of popular topics into a valuable lead magnet, use that at the end of your videos as a call to action to get them to provide their email and phone number. We're gonna talk about creating this in just a little bit as well.

in these lessons, but I want you to get ideas. Include the content in your onboarding sequence. We've already talked about this. You can add the content as well to your newsletter. If you post something that's interesting and you're sending out a newsletter, you can include that content in there as well. The last piece, short form. So what I'm saying here is you can refresh and repost almost as often as you'd like. Every seven days, every 30 days, like it's almost unlimited in terms of refreshing and reposting a video. If you've modified a video.

Yeah, within a week, two weeks, feel free to republish and repost. But you can also simply reshare a high-performing post or high-performing video every three months or so without ever touching it. Meaning like, let's say you have something that just does really well. About every few months, I'll just take that exact same video with no modifications and I'll republish it. And I'll say, throwback to this video. If you're new here, make sure you check this out. And then you'll find that the video

it will do well again. And it's very interesting, because you can literally reuse the exact same piece of content with no changes, and it's still gonna do well in the algorithm, because it was a good piece of content to begin with. So the way that we talk on short form, a lot of us worry about like, should I, a lot of us worry about, am I saying too many things? And my thought is always, you're generally never saying enough, okay? For most people, they're always gonna err on the side of not saying.

enough. When it comes to short form, when you engage with a brand, 30 days later, you've forgotten about that brand. You've forgotten about what they do. So reposting and refreshing is necessary. This is the way that we use short form content. This is the way that we use that medium. When it comes to long form, if we're talking about YouTube or something, yes, you don't republish the same video. That's kind of a no-no because those platforms are expected to work based on SEO, based on search, right? So we want the same resource to pop up each time they search.

search for it, but that's not why social media is used. Social media is is basically what's relevant right now as it hits their feed, which means reposting, republishing is a very valuable and important element of social media marketing. It also takes the load off. It also makes this much easier to tackle because you're not always having to create new content. OK, that's it. Let's jump on the next video.