folders here so I'm just going to go down to the BTS and b-roll and there's footage so I can now grab footage and just drag and drop that footage in and start creating a video like whatever video I want if it's you know this is obviously my footage is for educational purposes right but this is how simple it can be to create a piece of content once you have your footage actually organized okay so here's little pieces of like me out shooting and I can put a caption on this I can do whatever but it becomes

a really simple process. So drop them into your Google Drive folder under images and behind the scenes. Your final images are labeled so you can line them up and then throw them into Canva as well. You might as well in the process, you can organize them into subfolders if you'd like or just put them into one folder. Okay, yeah, you can edit videos inside of Canva. It's pretty dope and it's very quick. When you're doing this at a desktop the day after a shoot, you'd be surprised. You can literally have, you know, 10 pieces of.

of done content in an hour, when you get this process down, okay? Final shorts, or not done content, but you can have 10 pieces, like images plus B-roll, all done within the span of an hour. Okay, final shorts. Whenever you finish editing a short, whether it's from your phone or desktop, you're gonna drop it into the folder with a brief description, okay? So the final short is just gonna go under the folder, so that way, again, from any device, if I go up to these shorts, like other shorts, these are shorts that we've done for ourselves, for other brands, let's just pick one.

One, let's go to, we'll do a short for Adorama, okay? I can go back to any one of these shorts. I can click into it and there is the final video right here, okay? Instead of this path to photo, here's how you can create lightning reports like this one. First, find a dark room. So this makes it, so now that I'm building a library of these assets, once you've done this for a year, you have.

folders that are absolutely chock full of all of these concepts and ideas, and you can start to repurpose and reshare regularly, okay? This is what I want you to realize that a marketing system should be. It's not about just going and creating a simple video for social media. What am I gonna post today? That's not the way that I want you to work. I want you to have in mind, okay, I wanna start with something long form. It's gonna live on my website. It's gonna be an SEO-driven article. So you can be like.

Lucia, who's still booking Disney engagements, having written an article on it months prior, and she's getting tons of these Disney engagements constantly because of that simple article. So you're taking advantage of this top-down structure by first going to SEO, you can take advantage of AI and SEO searches, and then you're going down to the next piece. Okay, well now I'm gonna start dividing this into, most of us are gonna skip the long form and go straight to short form content. Then we're gonna go, okay, now I've got this library, I can start repurposing and I can reshare them.

Oh, now I'm ready to build a nurture sequence. Oh, awesome. This is what a top-down plan actually looks like. Okay. So that's the workflow that I'd like you guys to follow. Feel free to tweak and to adjust when you're doing this. Then when it comes to repurposing and resharing, I made a little guide for you. So just watch your analytics. And what you're going to do is take your best and most engaging content, and you're going to repurpose it by, well, you could take a popular video or a video that you think could be popular, improve it a little bit, and then just republish it.

Honestly, you can do this every 30 days. You could do it every seven days. If you're testing something out, you wanna just try it out. But really, within 30 days, nobody even remembers that you published that thing in the first place. So you could actually just republish the same video, make it better, and do that. And you'll find that when we do the audits, as you get to the end of this module and you see this section of audits, that's what I'm telling people to do. Like, look, this is a great concept. I want you to redo this one, follow the rules, just improve it a little bit with a text hook, with a visual element. Let's just.

improve it and then repost it. Easy way to reuse material. You could also create a carousel infographic or you can create a read-in-caption style video. So look, you get a high-performing short video. Like maybe it's three of my favorite locations for elopements. Three of my, five of my favorite posing tips. Whatever it is, right? We can create either a carousel or an infographic. I'm gonna show you how to do this right now, okay? Let's go right over to.

Canva and I just have that a plain document. This is a plain video document. We're gonna do a second one too. So let's do a create new and I'm gonna say carousel. Okay, we're gonna go Instagram carousel. And what it's gonna do is feed me a bunch of templates over here on the left side. So under the design column, it says carousel Instagram post. So if you've got five awesome locations for something, you could take any one of these, pick one that feels like your brand.

Once I find a carousel that I like, I kind of stick to it so it looks similar to my brand. So let's say that I'm running a brand portrait. Maybe I'm doing like brand portraits for businesses, right? I'm gonna click apply to all. And all I'm gonna do is say five brand portraits. Let's just say five. Gosh, dang it.

must have brand portraits. Okay, extend this a tiny bit. And then go to the second page and be like, number one is this one, and why, right? And then you show, copy this page right here, and the next page is just gonna be this, delete out everything, drop the image right there. Then you go number two is gonna be this one. So that could be a real, and then you could be like, hey, that real did really well. I'm gonna go ahead and make it a.

a carousel and you can repurpose the exact same material into a carousel and I go okay, now I'm just gonna go to my BTS, here's my images and I'm gonna drop my image right here and obviously you'd want an actual brand portrait image. I don't really have one, oh there we go. So let's say the hero shot. A nice and authentic image of you.

that people can relate to. So I'm literally writing this just as I go, coming up with like some sort of idea. You're gonna put obviously your info on there. So they go, when they click in the carousel, five must have brand portraits. Okay, the hero shot. Oh, cool. What is that? Oh, that's what a hero shot is. Oh, awesome. See how easy this is to digest? I'm literally just telling a story, aren't I? The story is, hey, every brand needs these five brand portraits. I'm literally just telling a story, aren't I?

If you want boudoir, here's five incredible poses. You know, whatever it might be, here's five locations that I love for surprise elopements. Anything can go into this that you can repurpose. So if you got a good video that does well, repurpose it. If you think something will do well, repurpose it. This is one way to do that. Here's another one. Another type of video that I love doing is the loop format where you do a read-in caption, okay? I show this in the audits as well when you get to the end of this module. But what I'm gonna do.

is this is just a new video folder, right? So we're just gonna go back and let's go scroll up here under elements for a second. And we're just gonna look for footage of something. So I would say like, where do I shoot often? Well, let's say that I'm often shooting kids in a field. So all I'm gonna do is grab a field image. Anything that you see here under videos, anything you see with a crown means that you need a premium account. Anything without the crown, you don't. So this one, I don't need a premium account. So I'm gonna use that one.

What I'm gonna do now is go to the elements, click, make sure you clear this, otherwise it shows only the filtered ones that say field. So I'm gonna say square. I'm gonna add a rectangle. I'm doing this quick because I know you guys can watch a replay and I wanna show you how fast this can be. I'm gonna change this square to black and I'm gonna lower the transparency, okay? So now what I've done is I've created a video with an overlay, okay? Now I'm gonna go to text and watch this. We're gonna pick.

I'm just going to make this simple. We're going to pick one of their, you know, already designed kind of like text pieces, right? Obviously, we want to spend a little bit of time to make this look like our brand, but I'm not going to worry about this right now. I'm just going to pick one. So content that clicks. And what I'm going to say instead is five tips for, let's say, let's see,

Five tips, I'll say three tips. Three tips for photographing children. Okay, I'm gonna ungroup this so I can modify each one of these. I'm gonna change the color here. Okay, I'm gonna hold down Alt or Option, click and drag this so I get a copy of that. And then I'm just gonna change the font. We'll just go Noah to make it simple. I'm gonna shrink it down. Read in caption. And then I'm gonna include a little arrow.

Now your arrow could be an emoji or your arrow could be an actual like element like you can go here and just pick an arrow. Right. I can grab this. OK. Read in caption. Now I'm just going to take this clip and I'm just going to chop it. So it's a looping footage. So what are we going to do? We're going to grab it right here. I'm just going to click chop anywhere. Delete this piece off.

little seven second video. Three tips for photographing children read in caption. If you do family portraits you could come up with any concept you'd like here. You're often shooting in the field this looks on-brand and now what you do is you write the actual tips into the caption. Now because somebody's gonna open up those those that caption and then start reading what happens to average watch time? You've made a seven second video but it's gonna take them 30 seconds 40 seconds to read it so the engagement time