Next, grow your community. Okay, so we are here in the leverage framework. Again, these are ideas of how we can further amplify our marketing effectiveness, right? What we wanna do is ensure that each piece of content uses some form of call to action to drive audiences to your own community. The way that I like doing this most is with a lead magnet. Because if it doesn't have, if we're trying to drive people to say, give us their phone number, give us their email.

and there's not a reason for it, then it just sounds like kind of salesy. It's like at the end of the video, be sure to like and subscribe. Be sure to call me if you need this. Be sure to leave me your phone number and email. It sounds a little bit desperate, right? But if I say at the end of a video, hey, if you want more planning tips, check out my free guide. You can find the link in my bio. Hey, if you want more things like this, I have a guide, check out my bio. Like all of that, it's a value-added next step in the process, and I'm all for those, okay? But this is, again, like an.

optional piece to add on to enhance like what you're doing. It's not one of those things that I want you to stress about. Now there's always this fear, but am I talking too much? Am I marketing too much? Am I, again, most of you are, I would say, are doing far too little when it comes to marketing, which means posts, emails, phone calls, follow-ups. I want you, if you ever have this fear, I want you to lean towards the other side. I want you to feel like you're doing too much. And the reason is, is simply having this fear. If you're a person that actually feels this.

way, you are already intrinsically unlikely to do too much. So I want you to feel like you're doing too much because you're naturally going to pull back and you're going to land somewhere in the, okay, you're doing just about enough right now. But in general, okay, I will follow up with somebody on the phone three times. If I have the time, I will post twice a day to social media. There's not really a limit to how far I would go. As long as what you're doing is valuable, as long as what

what you're sharing, what you're posting, all those things are valuable, the more the better. So error on the other side. Now there's two huge problems here. We have to recognize that the average person needs eight touches before buying. So if you're struggling with this idea at all, and if you won't accept what I'm saying, then I want you to recognize that, like literally studies show that the average person needs eight different touches with a brand before they actually buy something. And that's because the initial touch, they might just start thinking about it, the next touch, they're like, oh, that's a good idea. The next time, they're like, okay.

Okay, I got to remember to get this. And they have to wait till they're in a purchasing mode before they actually take advantage, right? Usually that is eight touch points before they actually purchase. And the second part is if we don't provide the audience with this clear call to action of like what's next, then they don't know what to do, right? So every piece of content that you share should have a clear call to action. Now, what I would generally say is like, most of the time your call to action should go into the caption, unless if you're talking like, I'll give you.

example of viral shorts that are intended to be funny. If you're doing something funny, you can be very direct with your call to action and people are cool with it because it's funny, because you're entertaining them. So let me give you just an example of what that might look like. I'm gonna pull up my Instagram for just a second. My Instagram feed is all jujitsu and MMA and photography education. Okay, so if I scroll down on my...

You'll see ones like, let me just find it. Okay, this for example, right? This is an example of like a viral stitch, okay? I think that's what typically people call them. You just grab a piece of viral footage, you can literally screenshot someone else's footage from your phone, and then.

What you do is you kind of stitch in the thing that you're doing. So usually it's like an action that fits in with the other one. Because you're entertaining people, you can be incredibly direct with your call to action. Photographers, let me get you to $10,000 a month. It's literally like hyper direct. Here's another one, a viral stitch. Okay. Okay, that hurt. Building your photography business doesn't have to. Okay.

It doesn't fit your brand, obviously you don't need to do these. But every single one of these, this one got 115,000 views. This is Anwar, a famous comedian.

Each one of these is entertaining, and because it's entertaining, it's meeting that, we can be very direct in our call to action. When we're posting a general like behind the scenes to final video type thing, I'd like your call to action to generally go into the caption and to say, you know, you put a little snippet about the shoot itself, and then, hey, if you're looking for dot, dot, dot, dot, my, you know, reach out with my link in the bio, okay? That's enough. If you have a lead magnet, though, that ties directly to the video.

This is where, again, we can be more bold with the call to action, and it won't feel salesy at all. So an example of this, I linked up Tom. So we've used Tom as an example for several things, but he has, if you go to his website right here, this will pop up, 10 things to know about photography while planning your wedding. I love that. It's planning tips, but it's specific to about photography while planning your wedding, right? Now, you could take this set of tips, break them into 20, 30, 40 different social media posts,

social media reels, right, shorts. And then with each one of those, you could say, at the end of that short, you could say, look, if you want more tips, or if you want to know more about photography while planning your wedding, I have a guide, you can download the link in my bio, or you can get the link right in my bio, okay? Then the call to action makes complete sense because you're telling them in the video, this is what the next step is. I love this. This is, if you wanna, like, once you start kinda cranking on social media

and you're like, okay, we're doing good here. What can I do to level up? This would be where I go next. I would develop a lead magnet that becomes a natural call to action after 50, 60, 70% of my videos, and then I would lead people to that. The reason why is because not only is it this natural next step of providing value, it also allows you to stop renting your audience. I want you to always think this. Anytime we're using platforms, platforms like YouTube, like TikTok, like Instagram,

Facebook, anytime we're using those platforms, we are essentially renting our audience from them. Meaning, you know, the fact that I have, whatever it might be, 160 something thousand, these are not my followers. This is, I'm renting this follower number from Instagram. The algorithm controls how many of them I can reach, it controls, you know, like I have no control over this, I have no control over who sees my content. If I wanted to reach these people who have at some point said that they're interested in my stuff, I can't do it. Okay?

We could pay, obviously, to do it, but what I want you to understand is that these platforms can come and go. They can change things at a whim. So at best, we are renting our audience from them. Now, when you get an email and a phone number and you add them to your list, you're no longer renting. This is now your community. So what I would like you to do is start growing your community here by actually bringing people into your process. You get their email, you collect.

their information, they're part of your system now, your newsletter, not just this social media platform that we are essentially renting from them. So my favorite way of doing that is basically the lead magnet. Again, your brand strategist will give you ideas there, but let's go to this. I wanna show you just briefly the call to action to leads conversion playbook. And what I mean by this is like wherever somebody lands in my online experience, right? I'm listing out what the individual calls to action.

are and where I want it to go. So for example, if someone lands on my website out there at the homepage, right within the header, I want them to be able to get to the contact form. So like, if they're ready to go, they can click the contact form. And then from there I'm calling them, right? I'm making the phone call when they click getting to know you, it takes them to the about page and on the about page, you have a contact form, which leads me to the phone call. If they want pricing, we take them to the pricing page, which then has a contact form.

which then I'm giving them a phone call. You can get the idea here. The ultimate point of contact is the phone call. It's where we wanna get to. But each one of these sources, if they get to the website and I offered the lead magnet, okay? So we could actually test Tom's if we wanted to. Let's go back to this for one second and let's click on the example. And Tom, if I scroll, if it's not the case, Tom, we're gonna send you emails. But as soon as this thing pops up, I'm hoping.

that to get his lead magnet, he's gonna ask me for my phone number. Come on, man, give me it. Do I gotta click another page? What do I gotta do? I wonder if because a cookie, I've browsed his site before, so maybe it's not popping up. Okay, either way, when his lead magnet, there it is. Okay, get my free guide. Pi at esserlounge.com.

Um, should we see if he actually calls in the middle of this, your guide is ready to download. That's perfect. So he got my email, he got my phone number and then he gives me my guide, right? This is ideal. This is what we want. Um, so, so collect with a lead magnet, we collect the email phone and that leads to the phone call, right? I'm gonna have to make sure I text him and say I was kidding or I was demonstrating. Uh, all right. Social media. Look, when it comes to your bio, right? We want something that says,

something along the lines of like book me here, it goes to the contact form, again, the phone call. We can also use this idea of like, if you're sharing a lead magnet, you could say comment and you could say wedding guide or comment maternity guide or comment elopement guide and I'll send you this lead magnet. I'm sure you guys have seen those before, right? They'll direct message the lead magnet over and what I'm generally gonna do is ask for a phone number through the DM and then go straight to the phone call.

I personally, by the way, would rather send them the link to a landing page than on the landing page, get their email and phone number so that I can call them versus like trying to do this with a DM. But the way that people are doing this is through an app called ManyChat, okay? You don't have to do this automated. You could just manually respond to people. It's totally fine. See those automated, like, you know, comment this and I'll send you this.

They're using many chat to basically get it going. And I think it's like 10 bucks a month or something. Oh, this gives you all the basic features up to a thousand contacts free of charge. So that's perfect. This is a great way to start on that. And you can, you can begin doing that. And then once you want, you can go to the pro level or whatnot. So just an option there. Okay. With engaged followers, I don't know if you guys realize this, but you can also just DM them with a question. Like if they're commenting on your stuff, you could just literally send them a direct message that says, hey, I noticed that you were.

You liked my post about family photography. Are you guys interested in by chance doing a family photo session? Have you thought about that, right? Get their information, do a phone call. With posts and reels, you can engage with a question, reply, DM, and phone call. So what this means is you can actually ask a question with your posts and reels. I like doing that a lot. And then again, you can reply to them. Once you reply, you can send a direct message and get contact to go to the phone call. With an email sequence.

If you just got someone in your email system, maybe you don't have their phone number yet, or maybe you do, but you haven't been able to get a hold of them yet, you can lead this entire email sequence. Again, we want to include calls to action to basically get their info and get them on a phone call. So the premise of all this is at any one of these points, we want to give them an easy way to eventually get them onto the phone. The easiest way to get somebody on the phone that I found through social media.

is to provide them with value. You provide them through value with a video, then you give them a lead magnet that can give them more information, we collect their information, and then give them a phone call. That's, in my opinion, the easiest way to convert followers into actual community, like people that are part of your system. Okay, that would be hilarious if he does actually call me in five minutes. It's been almost five minutes. Okay, use this prompt with your brand strategy to come up with ideas for valuable lead magnets. So, same thing.

Grab this, go right to our, let's go right to our brand strategist, drop it in with what you know, help me come up with five awesome ideas for downloadable lead magnets my clients are gonna love. Okay? Look at this, the honest guide to planning a stress-free elopement in Paris. 10 little moments you wanna make space for on your wedding day, Paris elopement location guide. Oh my goodness, the Paris elopement location guide. People would love to have this. And it would lead.

it would be such a natural CTA for so many different videos that I could create on social media. So this will give you plenty of different ideas and it'll even help you to write them out, all right? Okay, friends, another idea and way that you can utilize your content to grow your community. I hope this makes sense. If you have any questions on this, please jump into the group, let me know. All right, next lesson.