And then you start doing this viral bullshit that doesn't fit the brand at all, right? It kind of brings it down. So make sure that whatever you're doing, it fits the style of brand you're creating. If it's quirky, if it's fun. One of my favorites too, is this objection or belief shifting post. So all it is, is a simple behind the scenes video. I'm sitting there and this is what.

People think a lot, right? Especially this is designed for coaching, but this could be like, you could say, you know, I'll plan the shoot when I lose 10 pounds, right? This could be like, how do I find the right person? Or it could be any belief that is wrong or any myth that you want to break down goes into the box that's red.

And then you simply point at the box and you're pointing just in the air because the box you add in the edit, right? But with the timing of the beat, you just switch that over to the right mindset shift and then you put the rest inside of the caption, okay? So another simple style of content.

Okay, yeah, Wes is watching this live and Wes, those viral pieces would work beautifully within your brand because I noticed that your brand is more authentic, more fun, more quirky, so you could do that kind of stuff and it would feel very seamless.

Tips and captions below, I gave you guys examples of that. This is a messy example of it, but it still does well. So this is five tips of mine when choosing your photoshoot location. So look, all it is is a piece of B-roll. What I generally like for this is, and one of the critique that I gave to the team, because the team put this together based on like my format, right? One of the things that I said was, I like...

footage to loop in a way where you don't know that it's really looping and so that's why I like using stock footage for stuff like this and designing it more like the example I think I showed like this because you don't necessarily know when it gets to the end the footage is gonna loop but you don't really know that it's looping it's it's so natural and subtle and

in the background, that it makes the text very easy to read. So this is the same content bucket, but this is kind of the team's interpretation of it. And this is what I mean is like, when you hand something like this to the team, they created this instead of following kind of my guidance of like, well, I would do this, right? And so you really have.

To have a process very well laid out before it's handed off. Um, otherwise the results aren't necessarily gonna be great. Although in this, I think this one still did pretty well. It got decent views, but it could have done much better. Okay, let's go back here. The idea I want you all to look, I don't.

I don't want you to spend tons of time on social media. I have a timer on my phone, and I think because I left my phone on, I actually hit it already. So for Facebook, for Instagram, for every app, I have a timer. It's a one-hour timer on social media. And whenever I hit that timer, I'm done for the day. But I do want you guys.

is to spend some time on social media each day. Maybe it's 15 minutes, maybe it's 30 minutes, maybe it's an hour. I factor in also if I'm gonna publish, it goes in that one hour time as well. The reason why is I want you to see different ways that people are communicating and what's effective and what's not, okay? If you'll notice in the photography space,

I would say probably 60, 70% of posts follow the same basic format that we talked about. It's that behind the scenes to final image formula that we talked about. But they often have different ways of doing it. There's a number of ways that you can do it, and so I want you to see those examples, and I want you to see what's working, and then explore.

Experiment and expand your buckets. Play around. When something does well, lean more into it. Understand that you're gonna grow when you go. So again, I don't want you to look for perfection. I want you to go out and actually try things. We don't need to worry about having the perfect feed. Those days are gone, where somebody's looking at your Instagram feed and they're trying to make.

Make sure every image is cohesive. That's a bunch of bullshit that's gone, thankfully, because it was garbage. That fed so much into that social media lifestyle stuff that was just, I think, a plague, personally. Get out of your own way. Have fun with this. If something doesn't do well, don't worry about it. Revamp it. Try it again. Use that little.

guide that we talk about here. The one that you're going to see as we go through the audits, you're going to see me using the guide over and over to test and to see like where are the issues with the content and then redo it. If something doesn't feel like it's you, drop it. Try a different content style. Once you've got three or four different types of content in your content bucket, so you've got three or four

or different content buckets going? Great, keep up with it and tweak and adjust as you go. Okay, so to catch everybody up, Stephanie's asking about like, would review posts be a good kind of thing to incorporate into like a content bucket? And my answer is absolutely, right? Review posts can be fantastic. Now, we wanna follow the format.

that we talked about when it comes to creating good short-form content. We still wanna tell a story. We still wanna make it engaging. And I'm gonna give you an example of this. And I'm gonna give Tim this feedback too. But Tim, one of his review posts just hit my feed today. And I saw it and I wanted to kind of pull it up. So.

Okay, now it's got nice audio that's timed with this and everything is great, right? The only thing with this is when I click this, I love that he turned a review into a slideshow, but you could probably see the problem. If you're watching.

this what do you think the problem would be? I'm hoping yeah yeah right like you can't read this fast enough it's it's it's we see the review but we can't figure out what's happening quick enough so we're missing a basically a hook that's gonna bring people into it so we could take this exact thing and let's say for example

example, it's maybe we record the client saying something nice about our brand, right? You don't want to include the whole thing. What you'd want to do is include one sentence, one powerful sentence. They say it's maybe three to five seconds and have a text hook over it that says, wait to see their photos. Then you, you.

drop and you show their photos, right? And now you've got a viral video that's a review video, but it meets all the criteria of this. So this is great, but you'll find that if we don't give it that hook, if we don't give it context, when someone sees this, it's too much. They don't know if this is an ad.

They don't know if they're gonna see photos. They can't even figure out who you are, what it is that you do. None of those things, right? If you're looking for a photographer who's not only talented but also a joy to work with, I highly recommend Timothy. Like what he could say is, let's see. Let's read the whole thing. Where do I even begin? We had our engagement photos taken by Timothy. Okay.

The whole experience was absolutely amazing. That's your line, okay? Or you can do, he made us feel at ease. He guided us through every pose. That's another line. You could actually take this exact review and you could repurpose this into four or five different review videos all with different.

different opening hooks, and then show the images. And you can see it. You just sort of start it like with the word review and like your hook in quotes. Correct, I would say review, five stars, and then I would say that one line, and then I would say, wait for the photos.

Okay, or here are the photos. We still want to, so I love the idea for it, but the ultimate thing is we still want it to be a piece of content that's gonna be viral. And if you notice, like, again, views aren't always the best metric,

You can tell that this kind of fell off compared to his normal that would get maybe 500 to 700. This kind of fell off a bit, has 128. Right, it's hard to capture, it's hard to read. This has 373. Tim shows his face, it has 1,500. Right, look, 1,500.

400. So I like the concept, but we have to make sure that we execute in a way that's still palatable. We have to bring our storytelling to the platform, to the format that we're sharing.