Let's now kind of start to experiment and expand your buckets. So now as you are learning this language of short form content, what I wanna start doing is encourage you to actually experiment, to expand the concepts and ideas. What I kind of do is I call different types or styles of content.

I say that they fall in different content buckets, okay? So think of like, you know, talking head tips is one style of content. It's one content bucket, okay? Behind the scene to file an image, another content bucket. You can, you know, in TV, they would call these segments, you know, I just am making up a word.

for this so it's not like it's anything technical but before and after transitions or carousel infographics or funny stitch videos all of these fall into basically different content buckets and what I want you to do now is kind of watch what's what's going on like experiment with new types of content and watch your analytics and if something does well or if you enjoy doing it

it, then I want you to lean more and do more of it. If you don't enjoy doing it, or if it doesn't do well, then I want you to trim and cut it from your content buckets, okay? But what's nice about content bugs is some of these concepts are a little more difficult to create than others. Like, talking head tips can be easy if it's just you talking in the car.

But if you're cutting in like images and a sample b-roll then it takes a bit more time, right? But a behind-the-scenes to a final image this can be very quick a before and after transition if that does Well that can be very quick too. So having different types of content allows you to not have to well kind of divide the

the time it takes to make each of these up, where you have some that are quicker, some are a little bit longer, and you create a little bit of variety in the process so it's not all the same thing, or so the process doesn't become monotonous. We want your brand to feel real and have personality, and having different styles of content does a lot of that versus just one type of content.

which it can still do well, but it tends to not really be that personable. Okay, let's go here and I'm going to give examples of each of these. And by the way, one of the questions that popped up is that Stephanie asked as we're filming this is, do I do all of our social media work or do we have help? And generally, I do all my own social

media. With Linenjursa and stuff, that brand is so established that now it's been handed off and I honestly don't do anything with that side. But whenever it comes to designing out a new brand, I'm generally the one that's going to be leading everything until I have a certain content style, until I want to, like I know what I'm doing, I know my voice.

know what I want to continue with, and then I might hand off certain elements of it, like I might use somebody for editing or I might, you know, but it's generally going to be in my hands because with a personal brand, we do want the material that we're showing to be personal, right? So that's kind of the answer to that. So as you get more efficient with it, as the

businesses making more money, there's certain elements of this that we can hand off, but what I don't want you to do is hand off your special sauce. So always remember there's certain aspects of this that are gonna be your special sauce, like showing your face, you know, if you're building an associate brand, it's showing the associates, it's building more people into this so you have like an overall brand that the people can relate.

late to, right? So don't give that up, because what I often see is people often make the mistake of handing off their social media too quick before they've established a style, before they know who they're talking to, before all of that. And then what they end up doing is just paying hundreds or thousands of dollars a month to somebody to manage their social media, and it does nothing. They just put up posts, they just put up generic stuff. It does nothing.

Or I see people do well on social media and then hand it off without creating a process, without creating like an SOP and a procedure and a voice for this, and then again the next person that steps into it mucks it up. But I've never once seen somebody who's new just hand their social media to somebody and for it to do well. I've never seen that.

seen somebody come into this, just be like, I'm going to outsource. And I see it all the time. People will start a business and just outsource to social media, pay 2,500 bucks a month. I've never once seen that do well. Okay. So that take that for what it is worth, because I think that means something significant there. Okay. Content bucket sample. So we're going.

is just go over different kind of concepts that I've seen and and videos that I like to give you ideas of different styles of videos right there's not one style of talking head video here's one where she's literally talking over the actual BTS clip and I really liked it it was really natural this is from Annie Chan for today for kissing don't use

Did you notice tip for today for kissing that is that's a hook right there right she's got a visual element she got two visual elements plus text it's it's very engaging and then like she's responding to basically what people have said in her comments

I love that. There's Ducklip, she has what not to do, natural lean. So incredibly simple.

behind the scenes, she narrates it, shows a couple photo videos, like photos. You could do this in a number of ways, right? If you wanted to narrate it, great, but you could also do this exact same thing without even narrating it, couldn't you? Like you could literally just say, you could actually post the behind the scenes, show like the X what not to do, and then you could say like read the rest in the caption.

You could do it a number of different ways and get this exact same concept, but this is one example of a talking head style video. Here's another example. This guy, I noticed, let's click in so I don't have to say this guy, I can actually say his name. So Alphaz Photography, right? I noticed that his brand is hyper-reflective.

find like very luxurious hyper refined you know he's trying to to go for like clients that want to be on vogue and like this natural supernatural high-end editorial aesthetic all this so it kind of makes sense that every one of his videos is as polished as as that i don't think this is necessary

personally, but if you wanna build a brand that is very polished, then this is an example of that. So let's see. The time. Imagine how, do this in half the time. Imagine how would the food taste if you were given only half the time your caterer asked for. This is what happens, how would 60% of the time.

times when photographers and videographers are expected to deliver the work in half the time they've asked for. Now on an average, seven out of 10 times a bride. So every one of his reels, you'll notice is kind of that format. And again, this works, right? Or it looks like he's got a new style now, but each one of these.

hair side strands and the challenge that it brings. We know you all brides love that hair side strands and it's probably on top of your bridal inspiration. I personally don't feel like this hyper produced style is my taste, right? I like being very authentic. I like connecting with people.

like being real. But it's not to say that this is wrong. If your brand is this, then by all means you can lean into that too, okay? But it's another style of talking head where he's literally just talking directly to the camera and he's most definitely reading off of a script. I would say if you are gonna read off of a script, the feedback I would give is make sure it comes across more natural.

I can actually see his eyes reading, and I can see the pauses and the awkward breaks, which makes it a little bit uncomfortable, okay? But still, good example of a talking head style. You guys have seen this one already. This is a behind-the-scenes to a final image one. Here's another one. This is a timed slideshow example, okay?

That's it, you can do this all day long. If you've got nice images, you can do a time slideshow all day long. Again, I still like to have a little bit of a stronger hook in it, but this totally works.

Okay, and a lot of like social templates and a lot of the templates that you'll see are our time slideshows. Here's the editing before and after, and you don't have to make it as fancy as this. It can literally just be a swipe. But oddly enough, a lot of clients really like seeing this. It's not just for, this is under VF presets, but we've posted these for Lin and Jirsa, and it's really fun.

that like clients really enjoy they engage with this like especially when you ask an engaging question like which do you like more or you give them like the option between black and white or color right or you show them like here's what editing looks like but this is what it does okay now that's a little bit of a fancy way of doing this

You'll need an editor or someone that has a little bit of experience to be able to do that But you could just do a swipe. There's plenty of like templates that will just do a swipe You can find those in video leap. You can find them in cap cut and and you can create it before and after and again, I Don't know why but the clients find those very engaging when you ask that question of like

you're asking their opinion of what do you like more you know and uh and and that's really fun this is those viral stitches and transitions this is the sliding one i think you guys saw this earlier it's fun it's very engaging you'll get lots of like comments on it um

I would say don't build this into your brand. If you're not about the fun and the quirky vibes, this would be awful. For someone like Alfaz to be doing viral slides, that would completely destroy the vibe that he's trying to give. He's trying to give this ultra luxurious and vogue brand.

And then you start doing this viral bullshit that doesn't fit the brand at all, right? It kind of brings it down. So make sure that whatever you're doing, it fits the style of brand you're creating. If it's quirky, if it's fun. One of my favorites too, is this objection or belief shifting post. So all it is, is a simple behind the scenes video. I'm sitting there and this is what.

People think a lot, right? Especially this is designed for coaching, but this could be like, you could say, you know, I'll plan the shoot when I lose 10 pounds, right? This could be like, how do I find the right person? Or it could be any belief that is wrong or any myth that you want to break down goes into the box that's red.

And then you simply point at the box and you're pointing just in the air because the box you add in the edit, right? But with the timing of the beat, you just switch that over to the right mindset shift and then you put the rest inside of the caption, okay? So another simple style of content.

Okay, yeah, Wes is watching this live and Wes, those viral pieces would work beautifully within your brand because I noticed that your brand is more authentic, more fun, more quirky, so you could do that kind of stuff and it would feel very seamless.

Tips and captions below, I gave you guys examples of that. This is a messy example of it, but it still does well. So this is five tips of mine when choosing your photoshoot location. So look, all it is is a piece of B-roll. What I generally like for this is, and one of the critique that I gave to the team, because the team put this together based on like my format, right? One of the things that I said was, I like...

footage to loop in a way where you don't know that it's really looping and so that's why I like using stock footage for stuff like this and designing it more like the example I think I showed like this because you don't necessarily know when it gets to the end the footage is gonna loop but you don't really know that it's looping it's it's so natural and subtle and

in the background, that it makes the text very easy to read. So this is the same content bucket, but this is kind of the team's interpretation of it. And this is what I mean is like, when you hand something like this to the team, they created this instead of following kind of my guidance of like, well, I would do this, right? And so you really have.

To have a process very well laid out before it's handed off. Um, otherwise the results aren't necessarily gonna be great. Although in this, I think this one still did pretty well. It got decent views, but it could have done much better. Okay, let's go back here. The idea I want you all to look, I don't.

I don't want you to spend tons of time on social media. I have a timer on my phone, and I think because I left my phone on, I actually hit it already. So for Facebook, for Instagram, for every app, I have a timer. It's a one-hour timer on social media. And whenever I hit that timer, I'm done for the day. But I do want you guys.

is to spend some time on social media each day. Maybe it's 15 minutes, maybe it's 30 minutes, maybe it's an hour. I factor in also if I'm gonna publish, it goes in that one hour time as well. The reason why is I want you to see different ways that people are communicating and what's effective and what's not, okay? If you'll notice in the photography space,

I would say probably 60, 70% of posts follow the same basic format that we talked about. It's that behind the scenes to final image formula that we talked about. But they often have different ways of doing it. There's a number of ways that you can do it, and so I want you to see those examples, and I want you to see what's working, and then explore.

Experiment and expand your buckets. Play around. When something does well, lean more into it. Understand that you're gonna grow when you go. So again, I don't want you to look for perfection. I want you to go out and actually try things. We don't need to worry about having the perfect feed. Those days are gone, where somebody's looking at your Instagram feed and they're trying to make.

Make sure every image is cohesive. That's a bunch of bullshit that's gone, thankfully, because it was garbage. That fed so much into that social media lifestyle stuff that was just, I think, a plague, personally. Get out of your own way. Have fun with this. If something doesn't do well, don't worry about it. Revamp it. Try it again. Use that little.

guide that we talk about here. The one that you're going to see as we go through the audits, you're going to see me using the guide over and over to test and to see like where are the issues with the content and then redo it. If something doesn't feel like it's you, drop it. Try a different content style. Once you've got three or four different types of content in your content bucket, so you've got three or four

or different content buckets going? Great, keep up with it and tweak and adjust as you go. Okay, so to catch everybody up, Stephanie's asking about like, would review posts be a good kind of thing to incorporate into like a content bucket? And my answer is absolutely, right? Review posts can be fantastic. Now, we wanna follow the format.

that we talked about when it comes to creating good short-form content. We still wanna tell a story. We still wanna make it engaging. And I'm gonna give you an example of this. And I'm gonna give Tim this feedback too. But Tim, one of his review posts just hit my feed today. And I saw it and I wanted to kind of pull it up. So.

Okay, now it's got nice audio that's timed with this and everything is great, right? The only thing with this is when I click this, I love that he turned a review into a slideshow, but you could probably see the problem. If you're watching.

this what do you think the problem would be? I'm hoping yeah yeah right like you can't read this fast enough it's it's it's we see the review but we can't figure out what's happening quick enough so we're missing a basically a hook that's gonna bring people into it so we could take this exact thing and let's say for example

example, it's maybe we record the client saying something nice about our brand, right? You don't want to include the whole thing. What you'd want to do is include one sentence, one powerful sentence. They say it's maybe three to five seconds and have a text hook over it that says, wait to see their photos. Then you, you.

drop and you show their photos, right? And now you've got a viral video that's a review video, but it meets all the criteria of this. So this is great, but you'll find that if we don't give it that hook, if we don't give it context, when someone sees this, it's too much. They don't know if this is an ad.

They don't know if they're gonna see photos. They can't even figure out who you are, what it is that you do. None of those things, right? If you're looking for a photographer who's not only talented but also a joy to work with, I highly recommend Timothy. Like what he could say is, let's see. Let's read the whole thing. Where do I even begin? We had our engagement photos taken by Timothy. Okay.

The whole experience was absolutely amazing. That's your line, okay? Or you can do, he made us feel at ease. He guided us through every pose. That's another line. You could actually take this exact review and you could repurpose this into four or five different review videos all with different.

different opening hooks, and then show the images. And you can see it. You just sort of start it like with the word review and like your hook in quotes. Correct, I would say review, five stars, and then I would say that one line, and then I would say, wait for the photos.

Okay, or here are the photos. We still want to, so I love the idea for it, but the ultimate thing is we still want it to be a piece of content that's gonna be viral. And if you notice, like, again, views aren't always the best metric,

You can tell that this kind of fell off compared to his normal that would get maybe 500 to 700. This kind of fell off a bit, has 128. Right, it's hard to capture, it's hard to read. This has 373. Tim shows his face, it has 1,500. Right, look, 1,500.

400. So I like the concept, but we have to make sure that we execute in a way that's still palatable. We have to bring our storytelling to the platform, to the format that we're sharing.