Last, but not least, is this optional expand into long-form content. So this was actually the second piece of the leverage framework. Maybe I should have like, I don't know, move the E's around. Maybe I should put experiment expand. I don't know. I'll have to look at the E placements. But look, when it's fitting, you can turn a resource into a long-form video. And you'll place that long-form video on YouTube, but there's a lot of benefits of doing this. I'll still say this is optional, but let's talk about why. So a...

A long-form video, like a good resource article that you have, maybe it's your favorite locations, maybe it's a guide for posing, maybe it's a, whatever it might be, it can be directly converted into a long-form video and the benefits are huge. Like anytime you add a long-form video or just any video, especially if it's on YouTube, if you're adding a YouTube video into an SEO article, obviously Google and YouTube, they're owned by the same company. So whenever you do that, it strengthens the SEO positioning.

the traffic of that article. So Google loves it when you add a YouTube video in, that's of course related, right? It also helps to build deeper trust and authority. It shows that my favorite is that in the process of like showing your knowledge and showing what you can do for people, you're connecting with them and you're showing personality. And this is absolutely huge. You're gonna find people hiring you because they watched the video and they felt like they could connect and relate to you. And that's where we can really make our website, our entire experience sell for us. So it improves.

web experience, it increases conversion rates. So there's a lot of good reasons to do this, but I'll still say like, tackle this when you have the time, right? Now, where can you place this on Jesse and Dallon? You could put it right here on what makes the JD experience unique. They have an example from a, this is more like a highlight reel video. We have an example that takes people through our studio because a lot of people ask like, what does the studio look like? So we have an example of that. Obviously it could be a long form video about, you know, planning tips about all the different.

things that we've talked about. It could be a lead magnet turned into a long-form video, right? Again, this is a spot where you're likely going to procrastinate and kind of like try to perfect this process before you've ever done anything with it. And I want you to avoid that. In fact, I actually want you to lean towards authenticity. And the funny thing is that the enemy of authenticity is actually production value. So if we went back to that example of like Alfaz's posts, right? The enemy of authenticity is production.

value like think about this does I'm not hating on this type of imagery right but we all know that this person doesn't act this way on a daily basis and if they did it'd be very weird right these kind of poses the things that we do the editorial stuff we all know that Alfaz himself doesn't always stand in perfect light and and always do you know do things with perfection and and his hair is just ideal so the idea here is that understanding that

If you want authentic, then the enemy of authentic is highly produced, okay? If we're gonna go long form, you want it to be authentic, which means generally, like low production value is totally fine. The only thing we wanna be clean is just decent audio, okay? We wanna show your personality and your values. I want you to relate to your target audience. So I don't want you to overthink the process and to prove this like enemy of production value or the enemy of authenticity production value thing, I actually post, this is in a coaching community that I was a part of,

I posted my video of like, this is the welcome video to the mentorship program. And this guy Jordan responded, and he said, his first thing was, hey, what did you use for the AI video on this page? And I go, that wasn't AI video, that was just me talking. And he goes, oh, I've got a bot that uses my face. This sounded so polished. And he's like, and it uses like repeated, I just thought that this was AI. So people are starting to think that if something is highly produced, it's, it's.

AI and I want to kind of avoid that. So I want to go towards the area of authenticity. I want you to not lean in towards this perfectionist mindset. And if we want our sales to come easy, the more you build your personality, the more you build your values, the more you showcase this throughout your online experience on social media, on your website, in your newsletter, the more you build this in, the, the, the more you're going to find that a large portion of your sales is already done for you. You'll get these situations. Like Mariah has posted this, where she booked an engagement.

It's within five minutes of the call. It's the first time she's been able to do that. You'll hear Lucia doing that. You'll hear, we have a number of people that are having that experience where it's like, man, people are coming like ready to go. And it's because you're incorporating more and more of who you are, your value set, your personality, into each of these different areas of your online experience. You're resonating with them. So what I've given you here is a long form script creator. Okay, if you don't wanna use, or actually, yeah, I think I have, let me just check, double check here. I believe.

No, I think I gave you the short form script creator and the SEO one. So what this does is it's just gonna convert your last resource article into a long form script. So what you can do is like after you've created a resource article, you can just copy this and just say, I want you to turn the last resource article into compelling long form video script. My goal is to educate and convert viewers. So that's what the script is gonna do. So you can use this after you've created like an SEO resource. And then I've given you like a little checklist as far as what are the different ways you can use that long form content.

It can be on a homepage feature if it's relevant, you know, within an SEO driven article resource inside of your newsletter where relevant. You could also include it on social media like you could put in your stories that you got a great new video. Click the link, check out my YouTube video and you can share that across social. You can include it in an onboarding experience, especially if it's something that would be helpful to like the actual shoot itself. All of these are great use cases for long form content. Okay, we're done. Hope you enjoyed. I'm going to click stop.

Oh, make sure to not sleep on those audits. The audits are next. That's gonna show you everything you've learned here and we're gonna apply it to exactly what you're doing. It's gonna be incredibly helpful just seeing like what we did in terms of auditing other people's posts and reels. Okay, that's it.