of say an about us page. Again, this is such a critical piece as we move forward is humanizing our brand. We're building personal brands. We need to be able to connect with our audience. We wanna show personality, wanna show values, make them want to learn more. Now, as far as what to share, I kind of think of the onion, right? Introduce yourself in layers. So I want you to start with the light stuff, work into the hobbies, family, some passions. Maybe you.

a little bit deeper, maybe you talk some about your values and ending with kind of why you do what you do. This is the general idea here, is we kind of go layer by layer. I always get asked, well, Pi, should I put like, you know, my religious beliefs on my website? Should I put my political beliefs on my website? Now, my personal opinion is based on my personal values, so I can't tell you what you should do. I can tell you what can happen with these choices. If you make your website religious.

you're going to attract religious people to your business so if I am Jewish Orthodox and I want to be serving the Jewish Orthodox community which is a great community would be serving then I would literally spell it out Jewish Orthodox photographer capturing bar and bat mitzvahs in the LA and Orange County areas right then I'm gonna get Jewish clients but I'm not gonna get non-Jewish clients I've literally spelled it out right and in this case like it doesn't matter how deep like

I would benefit by actually going deeper into my beliefs. So in the about me page, I would talk about what it is that's so meaningful about capturing bar and bat mitzvahs, what it is that I love about this process, what it means to me to read the Torah. All those things become very relevant because the brand is centered around that, right? I'm almost more, like I'm definitely more in tune with like, if you wanna focus on a religious aspect, a cultural aspect, like.

Maybe it's, I do Indian weddings, right? You could build a brand that only is about Indian weddings. Whatever it is that you are showing, like your belief set, your culture, whatever it is, that you're gonna get more of that thing, right? Those all make sense to me. What doesn't make sense to me is showing political beliefs. But the reason that that doesn't make sense to me is that politically, I am very moderate. I'm very neutral. Like, there's things that I have a lot of friends that, it's funny.

I have two communities that surround me. One is the mixed martial arts community, which is hyper-conservative. And then I have photographers and artists on my other side, business owners, which, especially in California, tend to be hyper-liberal, right? So I have both of these. And to be honest, I resonate with both. Like, yes, I understand things that are going, not with the extremes on each side. I do not resonate with extremes on either side. But for the most part, I resonate with like, like when my friends share something, I'm like, yeah, I could see why you think that way. And when my.

Other friends say, yeah, I can see why you think that way too. And, and I agree. And so I'm very much in the middle. Why would I want to put political beliefs onto my website when I want to work with everybody? Like, this is not, I don't care what your, your politics are. I care about good people. I'd rather put that onto my website. Right. But if you're someone who's like, well, I'm on the left and I just can't stand working with people on the right. Fine. Include it because you're filtering.

people out, like it's a method of filtering because you don't wanna include any, like those other people that you wanna talk to. That's the one time I'll be like, okay, you're making the conscious choice to do that. Same thing if you're like, I only wanna work with conservatives. Okay, fine, right? If that's the level that you believe in something where you don't wanna work with somebody that doesn't share those same beliefs, those same values, then post it. I don't care, I'm not gonna stop you. But generally, I like to keep it this way.

I introduce myself in layers, I start with the light stuff, I go into hobbies and passions, I connect with people, I progress a little bit deeper, I talk about some of my values, and I end with why I do what I do, and I leave the other stuff out of it because those other things are not meaningful to me. They're not, you know, distinctions of who I want to work with and all that, but I'm hoping that that's clear to each of you. Okay, so some sample alumni pages. Let's get into this part. One of my favorite examples are past alumni Jesse and Dallin.

This is their about pages is wonderful. It's so relatable. They are a couple they approach weddings as a couple So that's a big part of it husband and wife wedding photographers. Great story great visuals. It's easy to scan So let's let's open this up and just take a quick look at this okay, so They have their story right here up top. It's nice and easy to read. It is a Significant block of text but it's it's very simple in terms of font It's it's easily

written, so it doesn't look complicated. It's easy to get through that. They have great visual examples of like things that they, that, that I can connect with, right? We get to meet their family. We take a look behind the scenes. We get to see some of their favorite things in life. This is a great page. And then each of the calls to action, um, well, I would probably say that what this page is missing is calls to action that would bring them to like, Hey, let's chat more and, and, and let's, let's work together because once I've connected with you, the next step is let's talk, let's, let's.

Actually, so that's probably one thing that I would add to that page. Okay, so Vivian is another good one. It's friendly, it's personable. It speaks of, hey, we might be a good match if, I love that section, like we might be a good match if, and you put like some of your pet peeves. If you also hate this, or you put like some of the things that you love, if you want this, I love things like that. So that's another great example. Tom's is awesome, simple, clean, highly visual, easy to scan. Let's take a quick look at this one. So look, like Tom's is.

I got a little icon right here. Do what you love, love what you do. Talks about his style. This is the part that I think is really fantastic. So honestly, if I had to tweak something, I wouldn't really talk about the shooting stuff. Like I clicked on about you, Tom. So if I were to give critique, it'd be let's save this stuff for later. Let's talk about this. The random facts that you didn't know. Let me get to know you a bit. Traveling, yes, please. Testimonials, awesome. Then getting into why I take pictures, what is my style.

You know, all that stuff is I get to know you more is great, but I want to really get to know you. And I felt like that visual that you had on your first page too, I feel like would, well, you could represent it a different way, so it's not a duplicate of it, but stuff like that is great. Seeing that marathon picture is super cool, even though I think you're a psycho for wanting to run lots of miles. That's just dumb. Who wants to do that? Let's take a quick look at Viviana's too, and just take a glance. Okay.

So this is brand portraiture, I love this. We scroll down, we see your family, we get a connect there, those are cute. Established in 2019, I love that. Yes, let's work together, that's perfect. We have some testimonials here. When you stop waiting and start living your dream. I would say that, and I love this section, we may be a good match if. This is one of those sections that's very powerful. Like I would bring that section up to like maybe be like more about Viviana and then right below that, like is this testimonials? When I'm not working, you can find me. Oh, okay.

So this would be cool like in this section to have some visual icons that kind of make this a little bit easier to follow. So I wasn't sure if this was testimonials and whatnot, but again, this is still a solid page. There's a little bit of optimizing we can do in this, but it's fantastic. This is what humanizes a brand, right? Like as we're doing this and we have some people watching this live, Stephanie's like, I love the look of Viviana's website. Yeah, the whole goal here is that when they click here and they're looking at your website, they connect with you and they're like, man, I...

I wanna learn more and then suddenly see, oh, nice to meet you, I'm Viviana, get to know me. Yeah, I do wanna get to know you. Okay, and then I get a sense of your personality. I'm like, you know what, we fit. I wanna work with people that I like. I wanna give money to people that I wanna support, people that I can connect with. And so your about page is such a critical piece of this. And it's funny because it's one of the most underused advantages that I see. Like this humanizing your brand.

is one of the easiest ways you can get your business to stand out, and yet it's one of the things that I see happening the least, which is so strange to me as we push more and more into this AI world. We should all be doing this, but you'll have the advantage of being part of the few that are doing it. Alright, that's it for the examples and this lesson. Let's jump on to the next one. Okay, what's on a good resource page? So basically we want on a resource page is SEO driven guides. Now what

What that means is they're, maybe SEO optimized is the better term. They're prepared for SEO, they're searchable, but they're really created for your audience. But for simplicity's sake, I do like to separate certain things. There's also a slight benefit in SEO, although it's not like huge, it's not a deal breaker by any means. It's one of those tiny shifts. Generally, I like the blog itself to basically be a client journal.

Okay, what I'm shooting, like who I'm working with, this is my client journal, these are the shoots that I'm doing. I like resource pages to be directly after, I like them to be actual web pages on my site that the URL is directly after my .com. So meaning, let's see here, I'm gonna go, let's go to like Leningrsa as an example. So you'll notice that we do have a resource page.