is this is probably the direction that I'm gonna go if I want something just simple and easy to use. And truthfully, if you ask me right now, even though I am tech savvy, I probably would honestly just go with Showit and WordPress. That is the route that I would go. Their stuff is fantastic. So, and I'm not paid to say any of that. Squarespace is decent as well, can't really go wrong. But those are the two that I would really lean towards. Either WordPress, if I'm gonna do everything ground up, or if I want design done for me and make.

a little more simple, I'm gonna go show it in WordPress. So again, when choosing, understand that you'll be annoyed, you'll find things that are annoying, but just make sure that number one, the design, the themes, they actually fit your brand. That's really the guiding force in this entire process. Otherwise, what's the point, okay? You might as well do a custom WordPress website if we're not utilizing the themes, the website builders that come already good to go in these platforms. We also want SEO-ready code base.

Most of these platforms will do this, so that's not really an issue anymore. But responsive design is a big deal. I've noticed that some of these platforms, they all say they give responsive design, but show it's like, they actually look good. And same thing with themes that you might get for WordPress. It might say on the theme that it's enabled with responsive design, but make sure that you test it. Make sure it actually looks good because that can be a big miss. And when a lot of our traffic is gonna be coming.

coming from mobile, that's a big deal, okay? We wanna make sure that it has a content management system. This is basically your blog. You wanna make sure that when you're choosing, it has an easy menu and navigation system, an easy way to add pages and resources. And the last thing I'm gonna mention here is we're not talking about wordpress.com. And let me just show this because there was quite a few questions on this over this past year or so. So wordpress.com, and that's why I say wordpress.org, okay? So let me just go ahead and bring this over. You don't need to dive.

into any of the details here. I'm not gonna go into, I'm just gonna say this, WordPress.com is very much like a Squarespace. So basically it's, you're hosting with them, you're choosing from their templates, you're utilizing kind of WordPress on the back end, but you're really buying into a Squarespace type product. Whereas WordPress.org, this is the plugin for WordPress, meaning like what you're doing is you're downloading WordPress and installing it into your own hosting.

solution. Okay, now you don't need to download it here and install it because most platforms, WordPress is such a popular content management system that most platforms have it automatically built in. So if you use GoDaddy, if you use Bluehost, if you use any of these popular hosting companies, then you'll notice that they have WordPress installations already built in. I just want you to understand the distinction between these. We're not talking about WordPress.com. I'd honestly say that this is a less kind of good version of

of Squarespace, there are areas, there are things about it that make it more powerful. Like it has a good website builder, but again, I don't want you to build a website. I forgot where the website, there it is, website builder. I don't want you to build a website. This is like, again, spending time doing things that we really shouldn't have to be worrying about, okay? Let's go jump back here for one second. I think we covered everything in terms of kind of the platform choice, what kind of to avoid. Let's go ahead and jump to the next.

lesson. Okay, big question. What exactly is good website design? There's kind of two things that I want this lesson to really cover. Number one, I want to help you to choose the right template, the right theme, right off the bat. So that's kind of the first and biggest thing. And I also want you to know what goes inside of it. Okay, so choosing the right theme is the first step that we're here to cover and then understanding what's going to go into your website.

is gonna be the second step. Before we get to this, I wanna do a little bit of a setup. So I need you to understand that depending on the study, these results can be a little bit all over the place. But in general, a person's gonna spend less than 45 seconds on your website. Honestly, depending on where they're coming from, the truth is really more like it's gonna be between 10 to 20 seconds. That's how much time they're gonna spend there. And the realization here that I need you to have is that you've got 10 to 20 seconds.

to basically make sure that the imagery that you showcase resonates with them, that the design itself resonates with your audience, that you communicate your clarified message, that you help build credibility, that you provide relevant information, and that you have a call to action to show them what's next. All of these things have to be accomplished within a very short period of time because people don't have the attention span to sit there and try to sift through a website that's difficult to understand, okay? Now, before you say this, because I...

I've heard this so many times and it's a, it's an insane thought to me. I hear, but Pi, nobody looks at websites anymore. Do I really need a website? Like, shouldn't I just be doing this all on social media? Look, you can build a brand on social media, okay? I've seen plenty of photographers do it, but unless you start reaching millions of people following, right? You simply can't command kind of price respect.

like you and and you don't have a place that's a permanent home to uh for for basically your network for your clients to be able to visit for people to organically find you so building a business purely on social media is an absolute grind number one number two it doesn't really look professional to be taking bookings directly from there number three it's gonna really limit the amount that you can charge because it doesn't look like a luxury brand at that point it kind of looks it doesn't look fully established right

Number four, you're going to live and die by these platforms, so if something changes on those platforms, you're screwed. Your audience, it's not yours, you're renting it, right? The other big thing here that I want you to recognize is when was the last time you made a high ticket, a luxury purchase without actually doing a bit of research? Without actually saying, okay, you might have found them on social media, but before you spend money, you take a risk.

you look at their website. Before you actually go further, you see what they're posting on Facebook. Oh, they have something on YouTube, you check that out too. We all do a bit of research into the things that we spend money on, especially when that's a good amount of money. Your website is one of the best places for this. Most consumers, they might find you on social media, but they're going to look at your website. And so yes, it is still important. Plus, when we build our marketing strategy, it's gonna be a top-down strategy that begins with the website. Because.

search from search engines and from AI search is still a very relevant and useful thing and we can't take advantage of that without actually having the website. So I hope this kind of answers the question like do you need one? Yes, you need to have a well-designed website. This is gonna be important and I don't know that this is ever gonna change until there's a better thing than basically a website to represent your company. I don't know what that thing would be. So the entire point of all this, understanding that someone's.

is gonna be on your site for such a short period, understanding that they're gonna do some research before they make the purchases, is for you to know that every word and every pixel on your website, it matters, okay? And what doesn't add to your overall experience, it takes from it. That's a really important concept. If it doesn't add to your experience, it takes from it. Meaning there's no such thing as neutral. We think, oh, if I put this thing up there and someone doesn't really care about it, not a big deal. They'll just.

keep scrolling to the next thing. No. If it doesn't add, it literally is taking away. It's pushing people away even, okay? And that's one of the things I say to people right now, before people come into like a coaching program like this, I literally tell them, right now you have images, you have content, you have words, you have copy, you have things on your website that are literally pushing people away from you. So, the idea, what doesn't add, takes. All right. Your website's responsibility, I want you to think of it as.

kind of the very first salesperson, okay, that your clients are gonna meet. So, and when we say website, I'm kind of saying like not just your website, but like your online presence. But what we're here to do is specifically your website. But from your Instagram page to like the way that you link out to your website, to them landing on your website, all of this is basically the first salesperson that your client's gonna meet, right? So we wanted to cover that. We want each section, which is roughly each page scroll, to basically have a link that goes.

to the most relevant call to action. We also want each section of the website to basically become a guide, kind of like the same way a salesperson would. Like the first thing that a salesperson might say if you were to come in to, let's say buy a car for me, the first thing that I might say is, well what type of car would you be looking for? Like what do we want to do with this car, right? This is where we're really identifying who we're talking to, what is the audience. Now that is what your clarified message does.