don't, the reason why I say this is because oftentimes people get frustrated and they think that because of their frustration they chose the wrong platform. Honestly it's usually not the case, it's just that this process kind of sucks, like designing a website, dealing with these different builders, it's just really annoying. So the number one thing is making sure that your design, your theme, it really fits the type of brand that you're actually trying to create, right? So when I'm looking at a designer theme like this that's really more business coaching, that is what it fits.

I'm not a business coach, we're all photographers here, but maybe I'm trying to approach corporate clients, right? Then this would make a lot of sense still as a photography theme, because we can change all the actual messaging in here to be what we want. This already has like a good aesthetic if we're looking to maybe work with brands, like maybe we're a photographer for personal brands, maybe we're a photographer for business coaches, this would make complete sense, right? So that's the idea here is that number one,

choosing a design theme that fits the brand and then making sure that all these other things are in place. Now, here's the actual website mock-up coach that kind of, I want you guys, you're gonna be your own coach, but I'm gonna show you how to do it, okay? So what I did with Stephanie is to kind of show you, we're doing an example of what it means to elevate a brand and I created this mock-up. I wanna show you exactly how to do that right now because this is the step that I want each of you to do before you land on one of these themes, okay? And maybe we'll choose some.

something that's not so, because I think the number of us here that might be doing like corporate stuff is probably pretty small. So let's maybe choose something else. Some of the ShowIt templates are actually pretty expensive. Okay, this is a thousand bucks for the personal versus commercial. Let's choose a different one. Let's go with, oh, this one looks, okay, Fern and Fig. All right, interior design. Interesting. Let's try to find one that is. ShowIt.

Photography, I think they call it a template. So let's see if I type template, I might get a better response. There we go. Light and airy. This would be a good one. 210 bucks. Let's go live preview. So what I'm gonna have you do is go to the homepage of the site and go ahead and take a screenshot, okay? On Mac, it's Alt Shift 4, or yeah, I don't think it's the same shortcut on Windows, but that's a shortcut on Mac to basically take a screenshot. I'm gonna grab the entire screen. And what I'm gonna do is go back.

Back to Canva, and you can use any document. So I'm just gonna use the one that we had open for one of those lessons. And we're gonna go ahead and clear this page out. Wait, what did I just do? Delete, there we go, okay. So let's delete everything on this page, perfect. And what I'm gonna do is actually drop in, mother tutter. We're gonna drop in that screenshot that we just took. So let me grab it.

One thing I don't like about Max is when you screenshot them if you click it or do something weird it like disappears So let's do that one more time I'm gonna drag it right in Perfect. Okay. So we just put it in and what I'm gonna ask you to do is to take that portfolio You're gonna upload it right here So you have the images available and then you're gonna just drag and drop them in and kind of resize your images This is a really quick process, right? But what I want you to see is this entire style

and design is really like it's meant for images that are super light and super airy. So what I want you to recognize is if I drop in images like this, it may or may not work, right? So I'm just gonna put this image right here. Okay, let's do that. I'm gonna put this image right here. We'll do that. And then I put this image right here. And then I'm gonna put this image right here.

Oh, let's shrink it this way, there we go, and do that. Okay, and honestly, I kind of feel like this isn't too bad. Like, as I'm doing this, and this is why I'm saying white kind of works with everything, so this kind of follows those rules where it's like, yeah, I think white could look pretty good with that, especially if we keep replacing these. If I keep replacing with that same style, then you go, okay, my images look good in this. I create the right impression for the work.

work, we're good to go. Let's keep moving forward with this, right? That's the concept and the idea that I want you guys to kind of walk away with here. And you'll notice that if I take the same design, did I, I thought I screenshotted the whole thing, but maybe, there we go. Let me just expand it a little bit on this side. All right, let's move it over a little bit. Okay, if I take those images down here that were maybe a little more light and airy, you'll notice that immediately it

it actually fits quite a bit better, right? So we take like this, and this is by no means the exact images. If I'm doing a family brand, it's not like these are my best family images. This is just an example of making sure stylistically that these fit with what you're trying to do, okay? Now look at that. That actually fits really beautifully, doesn't it? Not the cropped off image. That doesn't show what I want.

to show. Okay, perfect. Do you see how now it fits that much better? The light type of font, the light type of style, the script every now and then, the airy spacing, all that works really, really well. And this is what I want you to do before you end up buying and making a final choice here, is make sure that the images you're creating actually fit, okay? And you'll get a lot of confidence knowing that, hey, I'm making a good decision there.

So that's kind of the place where once the images are there, you're gonna pick your favorite theme or maybe it's a few themes, maybe you're considering two or three of them, right? You're gonna do the same exercise, take a screenshot, drop it into Canva, put some of your images into it and make sure it looks good. Again, we wanna make sure that the basic functionality is there. We know that the perfect design theme doesn't exist, but when choosing between a few good choices, this will often help you.

narrow it down really quick is just to see your images in those themes. And then to understand this, if you land at two or more themes, your images are in there. It looks great on this one, it looks great on this one. I don't know which one to pick. By all means, if you want, you can pause, you can jump into the group and ask for everybody's feedback but I want you to recognize that at that point, it's not a make or break decision, okay? At the point where you have a good looking website, at the point where either of the.

these things can work. It's no longer a make or break decision. It's kind of like you can't go wrong with either. So maybe at that point you look at some other things like which one of these might be easier to modify, which one of these has more peripheral pages like other pages and other templates that I think would be helpful because it's not a make or break. But this will really help a lot in leveling up your confidence and knowing that this is the right direction to go, okay? All right, friends, let's go ahead and end this one and jump to the next lesson.

Your final grunt test. Honestly, this will be something that you probably do more than once. But once you get your website up, right, your portfolio's in place, you've got the landing page, you've got kind of the designs, your clarified message, most of the meat is into the website and you're like, man, this is good to go, I wanna publish this. I'm gonna give you a little grunt test. And the grunt test is this idea, this concept that came from Donald Miller in building a story brand. The concept is that even a caveman should be able to quickly understand.

exactly what you're offering and how it's going to benefit them or make their life better, okay? So the grunt test is really easy. What you're going to do is work through this checklist. Number one, is there clarity on my offerings, okay? Within five seconds, can someone be crystal clear about what it is that I do, what niche I serve, and what type of services that I offer? Number two, is there visual impact? Is the first image shown impactful, emotionally meaningful to my target audience avatar?

Number three, are there strong CTAs throughout each page scroll? Basically one on each page scroll. If you feel like it doesn't fit in certain places, fine, but just as a general idea, general guide, each page scroll usually has a CTA to the most relevant next step, okay, to kind of help with their discovery process. All right, four, are there strong elements of social proof that are kind of peppered throughout? Testimonials, reviews,

awards things that can help people further trust my brand five fast loading speed. This is a big one want to make sure the images on your website are optimized so you can use something like JPEG Mini. There's plenty of different compassion compression software out there that will basically shrink down those files when you so that way when you put images on your website, it automatically is just going to load up faster, right? We want to make sure that we're compressing sometimes like like if you're using a pixie set or Squarespace, sometimes they actually build in compression.

to it where if you're putting you know images and it'll do it for you and that's great it'll save you a little step there want to make sure that the pages are loading quickly okay there's by the way a lot of different if you simply go to like search and just type in like test website speed we talk about this more when we get to SEO but there's plenty of different like free like pingdom will give you like a free website speed test where it'll actually analyze and look at how fast it's loading