Okay we're diving now into step five. This is where we're taking everything that we've done from steps one through four and we're going to put it all design a website that converts. Okay so not only crafting the material but making sure that the website actually brings our views and converts them into leads. Questions and topics that we're going to be handling throughout this module. What website platform should I use? What does good website design look like? How?

How do I design to fit my brand? Going into kind of the V2 filming of this, I've really done a lot in adding a lot of extra examples and guides for you all, just so that you have some inspiration into like what these pages should look like. We're gonna talk about like your menu must-haves, the pages that are essential for your website. I'm gonna give you examples of those as well. We'll talk about what pages you should eventually build out, how to set up your portfolio, the images to choose, and how to perform a website grunt test. So.

So everything you've done thus far is to make it so that when you hit this moment, you can really just hit the ground running. Like we can take everything you've created and know what we're doing in terms of the website as opposed to spending time here guessing. One more mention of this, I know I'm mentioning this at every module, but this is fast paced. You can rewatch this as much as you like. I do believe that education needs to be short, needs to be simple in order for it to be effective. So please pause, implement, repeat.

Bring your questions between sessions into the mentorship group. Uh, let us know whatever you have. Uh, it's a great place also to like, if you want to do a website review trade, you can post in the mentorship group. Hey, does anybody else want to do a website review? And you kind of like trade reviews and whatnot. Also a fantastic place to share wins, aha moments. And look in this process, you're going to have a lot of little wins, like, like knowing what to put on your website, designing out one page, getting sure this, this one section of the website.

Tune up all those things are wins. I want you to recognize those I want you to share those wins are not just big or small They're the things that are happening on an everyday basis, and I want you to be able to see them That's a huge part of leveling up your confidence in what it is. You're doing and running your business Okay, let's dive into the very first lesson All right, so your first goal number one goal first goal same thing and your platform choice Okay, let's talk about this first your number one goal in this

this process is really, I want you to create a website that fits your brand identity as quickly as possible so that way you can focus in on bigger, more important things, namely your marketing efforts, your sales efforts, your actual taking of pictures. So what I don't want you to do is spend a lot of time or money doing custom design work. I'm gonna give you specific things here to avoid. Custom website design, honestly, I would say is expensive.

The range of like $2,000 to $5,000 custom design work, in my experience, it does not get you that much further than simply a $100, $150 template, okay? I would rather you use a template, I'd rather you use something that is already designed, it's already set up, and simply make it yours, put your own images, your own content into it, versus do custom design work. And I found that in that $2,000 to $5,000 range, honestly, it's hit or miss. Like.

Sometimes you end up with a website that is slightly better than a template. Most of the time you end up with something worse. So why even worry about it? This is not gonna be a deal breaker. If we have a good website, a respectable brand, that is enough. We give our own criteria for this just so you're aware. We don't spend money, custom money on website design. Sorry, custom money, that doesn't make sense. We don't spend on custom website design until our business has surpassed 250,000.

in revenue. Otherwise we are using a template. There is just no point and when we get to that place and we're gonna do custom design we set a budget of at least $10,000 because that's really the place where we start noticing okay now there is a difference between custom work and what we're getting there. So I just want you to avoid that. We want to also avoid heavily modifying a template. Okay the the whole point in choosing a platform, choosing a template, is that you end up with something that is very close to what you want. So if you heavily modify a template

Chances are you're probably gonna make it worse than what it actually, what it kind of already is. I don't want you also to kind of have this like mindset of like I'm gonna rush to get it done just so I can move on because there's no such thing as like getting it done. You're gonna work on this over time and you're gonna wanna come back to it. Plus rushing the process, you're gonna end up with something that isn't that great. Again, we're gonna struggle when it comes to marketing because as we create views, those views land on your website, they take a look and they don't convert.

to actual leads. So I don't want you to rush through this process and at the same time, I don't want you to spend weeks trying to get all this perfect either because again, there is no such thing as perfect, right? We're gonna continue to improve your website presence, you're gonna continue to wanna make tweaks over time. What we wanna do is get this to the right space and place and then move forward, come back and make little adjustments as we need. I also want you to avoid thinking that there's such thing as like an ideal platform. It doesn't exist. The perfect platform, everyone.

Any one of these directions that you go, I promise you will be annoyed. You go WordPress, you're going to find things that annoy you. You go Showit, you're going to find things that annoy you. You go Squarespace, any one of these directions, you will find things that annoy you. So once you commit to one, stick with it unless there's just deal breakers along the way. You can't get to a design you want. You can't find what it is that you need on that platform. Then it's worth considering switching. For the most part, every platform that I give you here is going to have all the things that you want.

need, but again, I'm going to say this. I want your decision here to be largely guided by the actual template or website. Uh, kind of some places call it a template. Some places call them themes, whatever it is. I want it to be guided by that. So your decision is largely guided by simply that platform already having the template or the theme that really is fitting of your brand. Okay. Here's the website platform list.

This is not all encompassing. What we've done is kind of list out, I think the 10, nine or 10 most popular, and the ones that we know the best, okay? So at the top, if I were to do this on my own, all right, we have ShowIt and WordPress. This is probably the combination that I would do. ShowIt basically gives you the option to add WordPress along with your kind of monthly subscription. And I think it's a little bit more expensive. It's like probably 35 bucks a month is somewhere around that range. But you get.

I basically show it's website themes, which are beautiful. They work incredibly well. They have a lot of different design options there. There's also a lot of extra themes and different things you can get for show it, which look amazing. It is a little more costly than other routes. And you also get WordPress along with it, which means that you basically get all the features. You get all the SEO that you want because WordPress is gonna run the blog side of the business. So you get the nice templates, you get the WordPress blog. It's kind of the best of all the worlds. It is a bit more expensive.

Next option that I think is one of the better options is just going with WordPress. And I'll mention it's wordpress.org, meaning we're using the plugin WordPress for our own custom installation, basically, for like a hosting company. This is gonna be one of the cheapest options that you can go with, okay? You're gonna buy a theme. I'll give you examples of where and what to get. But I'd say that your ease of use drops quite a bit, okay? It's gonna have a bit of a learning curve understanding WordPress. But you get the features, you get the SEO. Once you get things set up, it's fine.

It's just you're gonna have a bit of a learning curve when it comes to WordPress. Then we have all the other options, Squarespace, Zenfolio, Pixyset. Honestly, I'd probably end up with Squarespace if I were to choose. So these top three is really where my mind is, but these other platforms offer some decent stuff as well. You'll notice that as we kind of go to some of the other, you know, Webflow, ease of use is not that great. It's also expensive. Wix, good, but like not as good on like the SEO side. So there's kind of benefits and drawbacks. Me, well, I'll.

I'll show you where I lean to. If you are tech savvy, if you want all the features, the options, you want the least amount of cost over time, full SEO potential, honestly, wordpress.org is probably the right decision to go with, okay? Little more difficult to set up upfront, but as far as features, SEO, everything you get exactly what you want. It's very customizable, even though I don't want you to do too much of that. But I'm talking more about like website features, not like design stuff, okay? If we want.

simple and streamlined, I'm just gonna go show it. I'm gonna go show it, I'd probably use the, I think I missed my number here, it's supposed to be eight out of 10. But look, show it has, oh, I remember why. I dropped it a little bit because I would combo with show it in WordPress. You do have to learn a little bit of WordPress during this route, but it doesn't make too much sense to only do show it because you kind of want to have a blog functionality, you want the ability to add those things. So anyway, very simple, easy to set up, great feature.

is this is probably the direction that I'm gonna go if I want something just simple and easy to use. And truthfully, if you ask me right now, even though I am tech savvy, I probably would honestly just go with Showit and WordPress. That is the route that I would go. Their stuff is fantastic. So, and I'm not paid to say any of that. Squarespace is decent as well, can't really go wrong. But those are the two that I would really lean towards. Either WordPress, if I'm gonna do everything ground up, or if I want design done for me and make.

a little more simple, I'm gonna go show it in WordPress. So again, when choosing, understand that you'll be annoyed, you'll find things that are annoying, but just make sure that number one, the design, the themes, they actually fit your brand. That's really the guiding force in this entire process. Otherwise, what's the point, okay? You might as well do a custom WordPress website if we're not utilizing the themes, the website builders that come already good to go in these platforms. We also want SEO-ready code base.

Most of these platforms will do this, so that's not really an issue anymore. But responsive design is a big deal. I've noticed that some of these platforms, they all say they give responsive design, but show it's like, they actually look good. And same thing with themes that you might get for WordPress. It might say on the theme that it's enabled with responsive design, but make sure that you test it. Make sure it actually looks good because that can be a big miss. And when a lot of our traffic is gonna be coming.

coming from mobile, that's a big deal, okay? We wanna make sure that it has a content management system. This is basically your blog. You wanna make sure that when you're choosing, it has an easy menu and navigation system, an easy way to add pages and resources. And the last thing I'm gonna mention here is we're not talking about wordpress.com. And let me just show this because there was quite a few questions on this over this past year or so. So wordpress.com, and that's why I say wordpress.org, okay? So let me just go ahead and bring this over. You don't need to dive.

into any of the details here. I'm not gonna go into, I'm just gonna say this, WordPress.com is very much like a Squarespace. So basically it's, you're hosting with them, you're choosing from their templates, you're utilizing kind of WordPress on the back end, but you're really buying into a Squarespace type product. Whereas WordPress.org, this is the plugin for WordPress, meaning like what you're doing is you're downloading WordPress and installing it into your own hosting.

solution. Okay, now you don't need to download it here and install it because most platforms, WordPress is such a popular content management system that most platforms have it automatically built in. So if you use GoDaddy, if you use Bluehost, if you use any of these popular hosting companies, then you'll notice that they have WordPress installations already built in. I just want you to understand the distinction between these. We're not talking about WordPress.com. I'd honestly say that this is a less kind of good version of

of Squarespace, there are areas, there are things about it that make it more powerful. Like it has a good website builder, but again, I don't want you to build a website. I forgot where the website, there it is, website builder. I don't want you to build a website. This is like, again, spending time doing things that we really shouldn't have to be worrying about, okay? Let's go jump back here for one second. I think we covered everything in terms of kind of the platform choice, what kind of to avoid. Let's go ahead and jump to the next.

lesson. Okay, big question. What exactly is good website design? There's kind of two things that I want this lesson to really cover. Number one, I want to help you to choose the right template, the right theme, right off the bat. So that's kind of the first and biggest thing. And I also want you to know what goes inside of it. Okay, so choosing the right theme is the first step that we're here to cover and then understanding what's going to go into your website.

is gonna be the second step. Before we get to this, I wanna do a little bit of a setup. So I need you to understand that depending on the study, these results can be a little bit all over the place. But in general, a person's gonna spend less than 45 seconds on your website. Honestly, depending on where they're coming from, the truth is really more like it's gonna be between 10 to 20 seconds. That's how much time they're gonna spend there. And the realization here that I need you to have is that you've got 10 to 20 seconds.

to basically make sure that the imagery that you showcase resonates with them, that the design itself resonates with your audience, that you communicate your clarified message, that you help build credibility, that you provide relevant information, and that you have a call to action to show them what's next. All of these things have to be accomplished within a very short period of time because people don't have the attention span to sit there and try to sift through a website that's difficult to understand, okay? Now, before you say this, because I...

I've heard this so many times and it's a, it's an insane thought to me. I hear, but Pi, nobody looks at websites anymore. Do I really need a website? Like, shouldn't I just be doing this all on social media? Look, you can build a brand on social media, okay? I've seen plenty of photographers do it, but unless you start reaching millions of people following, right? You simply can't command kind of price respect.

like you and and you don't have a place that's a permanent home to uh for for basically your network for your clients to be able to visit for people to organically find you so building a business purely on social media is an absolute grind number one number two it doesn't really look professional to be taking bookings directly from there number three it's gonna really limit the amount that you can charge because it doesn't look like a luxury brand at that point it kind of looks it doesn't look fully established right

Number four, you're going to live and die by these platforms, so if something changes on those platforms, you're screwed. Your audience, it's not yours, you're renting it, right? The other big thing here that I want you to recognize is when was the last time you made a high ticket, a luxury purchase without actually doing a bit of research? Without actually saying, okay, you might have found them on social media, but before you spend money, you take a risk.

you look at their website. Before you actually go further, you see what they're posting on Facebook. Oh, they have something on YouTube, you check that out too. We all do a bit of research into the things that we spend money on, especially when that's a good amount of money. Your website is one of the best places for this. Most consumers, they might find you on social media, but they're going to look at your website. And so yes, it is still important. Plus, when we build our marketing strategy, it's gonna be a top-down strategy that begins with the website. Because.

search from search engines and from AI search is still a very relevant and useful thing and we can't take advantage of that without actually having the website. So I hope this kind of answers the question like do you need one? Yes, you need to have a well-designed website. This is gonna be important and I don't know that this is ever gonna change until there's a better thing than basically a website to represent your company. I don't know what that thing would be. So the entire point of all this, understanding that someone's.

is gonna be on your site for such a short period, understanding that they're gonna do some research before they make the purchases, is for you to know that every word and every pixel on your website, it matters, okay? And what doesn't add to your overall experience, it takes from it. That's a really important concept. If it doesn't add to your experience, it takes from it. Meaning there's no such thing as neutral. We think, oh, if I put this thing up there and someone doesn't really care about it, not a big deal. They'll just.

keep scrolling to the next thing. No. If it doesn't add, it literally is taking away. It's pushing people away even, okay? And that's one of the things I say to people right now, before people come into like a coaching program like this, I literally tell them, right now you have images, you have content, you have words, you have copy, you have things on your website that are literally pushing people away from you. So, the idea, what doesn't add, takes. All right. Your website's responsibility, I want you to think of it as.

kind of the very first salesperson, okay, that your clients are gonna meet. So, and when we say website, I'm kind of saying like not just your website, but like your online presence. But what we're here to do is specifically your website. But from your Instagram page to like the way that you link out to your website, to them landing on your website, all of this is basically the first salesperson that your client's gonna meet, right? So we wanted to cover that. We want each section, which is roughly each page scroll, to basically have a link that goes.

to the most relevant call to action. We also want each section of the website to basically become a guide, kind of like the same way a salesperson would. Like the first thing that a salesperson might say if you were to come in to, let's say buy a car for me, the first thing that I might say is, well what type of car would you be looking for? Like what do we want to do with this car, right? This is where we're really identifying who we're talking to, what is the audience. Now that is what your clarified message does.

When someone comes in, your clarified message, that thing that goes right at the top, it defines exactly what it is that you're selling, kind of who it's for, right? Then you might ask a little bit more questions about them. Okay, so what do we want this, how do you wanna feel inside of this car? Are we driving this around every single day? The website is gonna do the same thing just from a photography perspective. So you would start answering questions that they might be asking, or that questions that you would want to ask of them. Have you thought about this?

when it comes to your wedding photography? Why consider a boudoir experience? All of these questions we want the website to kind of work through just as if it's a salesperson speaking them in that experience. I know this is a bit intangible, kind of theoretical. I'm going to make it concrete. So let's actually go into the website and homepage coach. Okay, I built this section out to give you real concrete examples of what this would look like. By all means this is not like, uh, this is.

not there are a number of ways that you can go about doing this correctly. I just want to give you examples of it. So step one on your website, like if we're talking about your landing page, your homepage to your, your website, right? We have your menu. It needs to be simple, intuitive, easy to modify and follows common UX principles. What this means is that we're trained psychologically to have seen thousands of websites. And so we have certain expectations for users.

experience okay some of those expectations are a logo on the left the menu on the right sometimes the logos in the center the menu surrounding it sometimes the logos in the center of the menus below but in either case when we look at the website we generally expect branding on the left or logo on the menu on the right or these types of common formats that's user experience principles okay it's following things that people are already trained to use I don't like it when your website breaks those those

those things, like it just makes it more difficult for someone to use, it creates friction. So that's the first thing. We need a menu that's simple, intuitive. I'm giving this example, by the way, and it's also linked up in your workbooks. It's the Delphine Rose WordPress template, so if you click it, it'll take you to Creative Market. That specifically is a WordPress template, but it kind of is our template example, okay? Menu must-haves, meaning when you launch your business, all you really need is portfolio, pricing, and a method to contact you, the about page, and you're good to go.

blog, yes, you need pricing, I'm putting a star next to it because this is literally the most clicked page on your website, so we wanna have it, and we want it to say pricing, and then on that page we wanna build value, we'll talk about it, we're gonna build value, show where your prices start, what clients typically spend, and then have a method to contact you right there on that page, ideally, or link to the contact form, okay? So, just look at website, sorry, let's just look at your menu examples first.

So for Tom, Moment Tom, he has logo left, menu right, perfect, all right? We have, this is an example for Stephanie's Boudoir brand that I actually just built, I built a mock-up, I'm gonna show you guys how to do that in a bit. But basically this is a mock-up with a template that does logo center, menu directly below. That's fine too, okay? Here's Tom, MOT Photography, center logo at the top, menus at the left and right. That's okay too.

Easy to follow, right? Here's another one. This is Viviana's Headshot brand. This is logo left, menu right. All of these are good examples. That's it. Very simple on the menu. The next piece that your landing page needs to have is the header or the hero. This is above your fold. Above the fold means it's above a page scroll. So when I land there, I don't need to scroll to be able to see what's going on. We want it above the fold. It's ideal if it includes your clarified message and a call to action.

and my preference is that this is not too vertically tall. This is not a deal breaker, I just personally don't like it. I don't like it when that header image basically takes up the entire page on desktop. I know sometimes as artists we wanna showcase that. If that's a big deal to you, okay, but I would rather them be able to see content below that before they start scrolling. I think it's a better user experience. I think it gets them into the body of the website.

and it leaves them knowing what to do next as opposed to seeing a giant image. Sometimes people don't know that they should continue scrolling or that there's something below that because that's all they see, right? The other thing I don't necessarily like in a header is I don't necessarily like sliders. The reason why, again, is this a deal breaker? No. The reason why, though, is because I do like my clarified message to go right in the middle of this. If you wanna place it below, that's fine. I'm gonna show you examples of that and examples of it done.

Well, but I do like my clarified message right there. When you use a slider, every image that you choose not only has to be good and it has to be the right image, but it also has to work with the text. Oftentimes the image that you choose doesn't work with the text. There's a white area here, a dark area here, and it makes the clarified message difficult to read. So just giving you my thoughts there in terms of keeping it simple. So let's go through some examples, right? So again, going back to Tom's, this is his cinematography brand, Timeless Wedding.

films and photos of your loving moments, he does have a video playing here. Granted, the text is usually pretty easy to read as that video is playing. And for all these alumni examples, please, if you're alumni, I didn't choose yours. It doesn't mean that you didn't qualify. I just didn't want to have so many examples. But you can click on any of the alumni's websites to see that example in practice, okay? The image here, so for Unveiled by 7, this one, I have a link just to her work.

because this is a mock-up that I created, right? But the still is right here and it includes the clarified message and the call to action right there above the fold. I like there being a call to action so that way people that are ready to go, they can reach out to you right there and then, okay? Here's Tom's. So Mott Photography, look at his. His is Ben Wedding Photographer, so he actually has his SEO statement first. Honestly, I prefer the SEO statement second and I'll kind of talk about this, but the clarified message is just below. So he.

does have an image, kind of a slider sequence where it shows images and he just wants to feature those and that's fine. If this is a big thing to you, I'm not gonna fight you on it because it's not a deal breaker, okay? But we do need to make sure that that clarified message is above the fold. Ideally, I like it above the SEO statement and then I like the SEO statement to be right below. So I'd rather that be the second piece. Okay, here's Viviana's again with the single still image, the clarified message and this is how I like it to be.

is the SEO statement to be below the clarified message, okay? All right, the next piece is your website will need kind of a core message section. This goes below the hero. Again, if the vertical image, sorry, if the image for the hero isn't too tall vertically, then this will be above the fold, and that's what I like. I like to be able to see it before I start scrolling, right? But it's a simple SEO-ready message that kind of can either expand your clarified message, maybe.

Maybe it talks about you, it gives some sort of special sauce, it's unique. Maybe it talks about your experience. There's a lot of things that we can put here. I just wrote, it can be an expanding of your clarified message, talk about the experience, what you do for your clients, or it can be about you. These are two solid options, but they're not your only options. But that's the section right below. So examples of this, this was Tom's again. If we scroll down a little bit, it shows a friend with a camera. And he writes a little bit, what drives me is the opportunity to capture loving moments.

there, like a friend who just happens to have a camera. I love that, kind of expands on the clarified message and really talks about what type of experience and how he wants his clients to feel about him as the artist, right? And then his call to action is to reach out. Stephanie's, this was just the template version of it. So it would be an introduction to her as the artist. It probably makes sense to put more about Stephanie as the call to action here, since the section is, hey, I'm Stephanie, let me introduce myself. So more about me would be.

it would make sense as a call to action. Here's Tom's for Mott Photography, right? We scroll down and his is basically kind of another section says Elite Wedding and Family Photography Since 2015, Contact Me Today, has two beautiful images, and he kind of expands a little bit. He says for adventurous hearts, authentic emotions, and unforgettable memories. This is different. It deviates a little bit from what I mentioned, but there's nothing wrong with it. This is okay, right? It's part of, again, if we think of the website being the salesperson, it's the salesperson maybe expanding a little bit on.

a clarified message showing a contact a simple statement. Right. And that totally works. OK here is Viviana's. You scroll down a little bit and this is really expanding the clarified message into kind of what it is that she does for her clients. Are you ready to elevate your personal brand. The most relevant link here called action will be to book your session. Right. Because that kind of ties to exactly what they're there to do. And she speaks a little bit more about that. All of these are great examples.

The next piece that we need, step four, is gonna be social proof. So what we want is throughout the homepage, we wanna pepper some accolades, some testimonials, wanna offer social proof, basically. And if you don't have accolades, that's fine. Testimonials are honestly the most impactful thing. Accolades are helpful as well. Reviews, showing numbers, those are helpful too. If you have fun statistics, well, I'm gonna give you examples of these, okay? So here's from our previous website. This is one of my favorite sections that my partner's removed, but anyway.

It was featuring interesting stats used as elements of social proof. So like featured in, and we listed out the magazines, all the publications, companies, like relevant companies that we work with. And then I love this section. This is in the well, way above by now, but anyway. Weddings and events at 1.5,000, five-star reviews, publication features, moments captured. I think that stuff is so cool. It's such a cool and easy way to interpret the level of experience that you might have, right? So statistics are great.

if you have numbers that you can boast. Otherwise, why not showcase something like this? So this is on Mott Photography on Tom's website where it says 100% five-star reviews, 95 and counting. That is huge, better review rating than we have. That is amazing, and that's worth showcasing. What I generally say here, and I told Tom the same thing, is don't show the, if it's on Yelp, don't take a screenshot of Yelp and put it in your website. It looks gross, okay? It doesn't look good.

like it fits. What I say is put the reviews and then have a link that might go to another page on your website where you show more and maybe even on that page you could link to Yelp if you wanted to showcase them there. But I don't want you to link to Yelp on your website or link to Google from here so they can read more because we want to keep them on your website. Once they're there we want to keep them there and we want this to look fitting on your site. Plus you can showcase those reviews as well as they're scrolling. So there's plenty of examples of how to do this like the written out test.

Ceremonials the the stars the statistics all of those are our social proof. They want to kind of pepper throughout the page Okay, they make for great section dividers step 5. We want to talk about the experience. We want to show a place Where potential clients can learn what to expect basically from what it is that you do I don't want this to get in the nitty-gritty I want it to be kind of well step 1 is this step 2 is this step 3 is you know? The reveal whatever it might be but

about that experience a little bit. Now for the template, the Delphine Rose template, it had this section right here and it's not specifically designed as like your experience, it has like an element, like a link that you can click here to go to the experience. What I want you to recognize too is when you get a template, you could easily turn the portfolio, the experience, read my journal, you can turn this into step one, this is like the booking, step two, this is the shoot, step three, this is the design process, right? You can easily change a section like this on the template.

on a template to be whatever you need it to be and with it still looking good and still be fitting. So just keep that in mind. But let me give you some examples of what that section might look like on a homepage, right? So if we look here, this one is from Tom's. This gives kind of like this visual timeline of Tom's client experience. So one, scheduled meeting, two, pre-wedding contact, three, the wedding day, four, post-wedding, five, you enjoy, okay? Whatever you, I wouldn't recommend, by the way, more than five.

of steps on this process, but this totally works. Let's just check and see if there's any questions that, okay, clear my, okay. There is a great question in terms of, Stephanie posted while we were live. She said, in terms of the preference for the clarified message versus the SEO statement, you want your SEO location as your H1. What she means in that, when we look at this, is that the H1 is the first heading on your website versus the second heading on the website. You're not.

wrong, Stephanie, from a technical standpoint, sure, that would be technically ideal from an SEO standpoint. Here's the thing is that those rules on H1 versus H2 are a bit dated. OK. All of these search engines are utilizing a lot of AI functionality and a lot of advanced search features. And what they're emphasizing now is readability and basically user experience. They want to make sure the person on your website is staying there.

is finding what they need that is far more relevant so putting one of your like putting a an seo statement as your right below your main header it doesn't break anything and the little tiny trade-off there in terms of like okay well it's it's ideal for seo if we put it as the the main thing the little tiny trade-off is a better user experience which to me matters far more because believe me a search engine can do just fine figuring out where you're looking

located and what you do if it's the second line instead of the first line. So I'd rather design for the user experience, which is a much more kind of long-term strategy as opposed to like these little SEO tricks. I'm not a huge fan of, I like SEO optimization. I don't like little tricks like that because it kind of assumes the search engine isn't smart enough to figure it out and we're way past that. Okay, that was a great question though. Let me go ahead and just jump back to where we were.

So right here, that visual timeline, so this is our section on kind of the experience itself. Step six, the about me. I really want you to, on your landing page, to humanize your brand. This is gonna be such a big thing, especially as we push forward into more and more AI, more and more automation. I need this to be a personal brand. It needs to be about you. This is one of the things that's gonna hugely differentiate you from other photographers, is that you humanize your brand. So you want a section on the landing page that kind of.

of introduces yourself and has more. It doesn't make sense. This is the template. It says, let's chat. You'll wanna change that to like more about me, right? Where it goes into a page that is about you. So the call to action should be about me if we're gonna have this section on there. So examples of this on the landing page. So a glimpse, this is Askey's, this is meet the photographer and it has like a little get to know me link right there. Examples going back to Tom's. I love this one because it's a visual representation. Things I love, my worst.

fears it's such a great way to learn a lot about Tom to get a feel for his personality before I ever have to like even do any reading I just look at this and I'm like oh that's so cool and then I want to get to know him better right I feel connected to him and and that's what we want we want the viewer to feel connected to you before they ever talk to you all right let's keep going let's see here step 7 your landing page should also have a section for resources in case studies and like I said we could turn this

section of a template into that. So it could say like, you know, we could add a little header here that says resources, or we could say case studies, or we could say, you know, a couple's name in these slots, but we wanna basically provide some examples, something there for them to click and kind of learn more about us. All right, so an example, there's a number of ways to do this. This was from Mott Photographies, this is Tom's. It was a simple section divider that just had a link to resources. One of the other reasons that we want this, this is a powerful and useful SEO.

strategy is that if there's any important pages on your website which these resource pages they are important we need it to be linked from the home page so we want links that go out to those resource pages from the home page okay here's another example so this is using a resource to kind of like section to feature real love stories this comes from timothy irick's page another alumni so real love stories and he features these three look at how similar this is right this could also be experience

This could also be you can use the same section in different ways And that's what I want you to be able to see from these examples Okay Let's go on to step 8. The next thing is make sure you do a responsive design check You're doing this before you ever buy a template as well. Make sure that you test the template You generally have an ability to preview So if I were to open up this Delphine Rose template, you'll see that this is a WordPress template So for WordPress it uses Elementor. There's there's

a few different types of WordPress kind of design methods. One is Elementor, one is Divi. They're just different platforms they use to kind of create the website inside of WordPress, okay? There's not a better or worse, or I mean, pros and cons to each. But anyway, what I want you to check is this live preview. That's why we're here. Check the live preview. I want you to take the window, take this link, put it onto your phone. You can shrink the window down.

I just find shrinking it down to look at responsive design isn't quite the same as like actually looking at it or in your phone. So before you ever buy a theme, before you ever go with a template, just do that quick test to make sure that it's actually responsive. So that's what responsive design is. It's the ability to basically, if I expand, if I shrink this down, so let's say someone's looking at this on an iPad, this is what it might look like. And the menu still is easy to find, uses good principles. If I'm on an iPhone.

then it might look like this or on any mobile device, right? That's responsive design. Depending on the size of the window, the design will essentially change automatically to look decent regardless of where they're coming in from. Okay, so just make sure you test it on desktop and also on mobile and you'll be good to go. Also make sure when we get to the place and you're actually adding your own features in, you'll wanna test it then too because sometimes the things that you add can potentially break it. Now, I made a little mistake here.

This is one slide that I forgot to update. So I have a checklist, and what I'll do is I'll update the checklist. So in your workbook, you'll see the complete checklist. It'll have every step that we kind of mentioned in a little guide on there to kind of work through. So when choosing that theme or design, you wanna make sure it fits basically each item on this checklist, okay? And remember, once the website is done, all right? If your website design is good, the whole purpose here is to get your brand to a place where people respect it.

We talked about this in a lecture conversation that we did just a bit earlier, where what does it mean to have brand respect? Well, it's a spectrum, okay? But essentially the idea is when someone sees our brand, they see us as professional, they see us as established. It doesn't look like a fly-by-night business. We don't look like the taco stand on the corner that's there sometimes and that's not there other times. We look like an established business that's there to stay, that there's intention behind what we've created.

Now, your first website is by no means going to be your last. Once we have a brand worth respecting, then we have this sliding scale like, well, how far do we want to keep improving it? How far do we want to make it better? And what I say is make those improvements over time. But once your website design is good, once your brand is there, it meets the basic criteria, it's good, it's worth respecting, we look legitimate, then that's no longer your biggest bottleneck.

that's no longer your biggest constraint that's holding you back. So I want you to move towards other areas of the business that are gonna move the needle rather than try to make little tiny improvements. So essentially what I'm saying is get your website to 80%, to 90%. Because going from 80% to 100%, going from zero to 80% you can do in maybe two to four weeks, okay? Zero to 80%. Going from 80% to 100% might take you six months.

And the improvement you're gonna see with the amount of time that goes into it is just not that dramatic compared to getting it to 80% and then working on actual, well, let's generate more leads now. Let's go to the marketing side. So that's the advice and thoughts that I would give you. Again, the entire point of this section was so that you understand good website design, what should go into the website, what it means for your website to sell on its own and to give you examples of that. Don't worry, we're gonna continue. I'm gonna give you.

create guidance as we go through the rest of these lessons. All right, let's jump to it now. Let's briefly talk colors, typeface, and logos. I just wanna give you all a few ideas as you kind of move forward to choosing the right design. You kind of have a sense of what each of these things kind of mean and the kind of feeling they create, okay, from colors, from the typeface, from all of it. So let's start with just brand colors. My big thing here is to keep things simple, okay?

especially when your imagery is bold. I mean, even when your imagery is not bold. I like minimal design. And the concept behind this is, when have you ever walked into a museum and seen artwork featured on anything but kind of a plain wall? It's either a plain white wall, a plain gray wall, a plain black wall. The background of something is always gonna be simple because they want the eyes to be focused on the actual work, the actual artwork, right?

And it's the exact same thing with your website. The busier your website is, the more colors, the more bold the backgrounds, all of it, the more it's gonna pull away from the images. So in general, I like minimal design. I like just simple, clean, subtle background colors. If not, just you don't have a background color at all, just white, white always works for that reason, okay? It's gonna allow us to focus on the imagery and that's what we want. Yeah.

even more the case when your imagery is bold. Because if your imagery is bold and you have colors going on in the background and things happening, then it becomes just way over the top. So look, subtle background colors, those are my preference. If you do want to use some bolder colors here and there, it's used as like, use them as accent colors, as areas where you want people's eyes to go. Like a call to action, like something there that you want them to look at basically. Okay, I've harped on that one enough.

From the standpoint of like, well, what is color psychology and how this ties to your brand? If you're thinking about creating a brand and you really want to tie the colors over to this feeling that you wanna create, this little guide will give you an idea of kind of what these general common colors creates in terms of an emotional response. So I wouldn't say these are by any means like, like, it's not that you're always gonna feel this.

way it's just like these are common colors used and these are the common associations with them so on a newborn type website you might frequently see a little bit of pink a little bit of peaches like these kind of colors that feel feminine they feel calm warm and caring but you probably it probably wouldn't make sense to be on a newborn site and see a bunch of reds right but we could imagine reds maybe on like a boudoir site as a as a call to action or something there it feels bold and passionate we could imagine purples being used

just on a wedding or even on a boudoir site, anything if we wanted to feel sophisticated and luxurious, those would work well, right? If we want like a senior portrait brand that feels friendly and confident, maybe we want our accent color to be orange, maybe it's yellow, this is a way to kind of tie a bit of color psychology a little bit deeper into the brand that you're creating. But again, remembering that really we wanna keep things minimal, okay? So that way the imagery speaks for itself. Moving on to.

your brand typography. One of the big things that I say is please, when you get a template, when you get a theme, when you choose what website you wanna use, whatever platform it is, you're gonna find the thing that looks great as is, do not heavily modify the typography on the page, okay? It's just not recommended because chances are you're gonna mess it up. And typography is a huge element that dictates the refinement, the quality of a brand's design. When you get those themes pre-designed,

the designer themselves, they understand typography to the point where they know what to choose, they know the spacing, they know all of that stuff. I'll tell you this, in my experience, I've only seen one photographer's website turn out good when they chose their own font. It was my friend Tim, actually, he's another alumni in the program, and I'll pull up, let's see, that's not it, let me just pull up his, Tim Irek Photography. Okay, and he spent weeks, I remember he found the perfect theme, he's like, but the font is not right.

He spent weeks looking for the perfect font and he finally found it and I'm like, you know what dude? This actually looks really great This he's the only person who has got that like like has the design eye to basically create this even though I would probably say there's a little bit of room for improvement like the spacing between the heading here and the Typography is a little bit tight, but it actually still looks good. It's readable and whatnot This is the only example that though nine out of ten times when someone modifies the typography

on their theme or their design, it looks so much worse. So that's my recommendation there. If you're gonna dive into it, it's gonna take you a lot of time to figure out the right one. And even then there's risk to it. Okay, so what about the actual fonts themselves? What do they convey? Like if colors can convey emotions or thoughts, what about fonts? Especially for like say a logo, right? But also for the rest of your site. Well, Serif fonts, these are fonts that have.

of these little edge markings on them. That's a serif, right? So serif fonts, they tend to be or feel more traditional. They're often used to kind of like create a bit of trust. They're respectful, like kind of formal feeling. Whereas a sans serif font, that means like they don't have those little edge markings. So sans is without and without serifs, right? These fonts are often more modern, more sophisticated. They feel minimal, straightforward,

easy to read. So that's kind of a little bit of the feel that comes with them. Then you have, say, script fonts. These are like signature cursive type fonts, which are nice if we want to use them in a very sparing way. Like in a logo, that's fine. In a logo, it's elegant, it's fancy, it's creative. On a website, we want to make sure that their usage is very sparing and that we're not relying on people being able to read them well because these are really difficult to read. And so it can really dramatically impact usability if we have.

a lot of headers that are in difficult to read script fonts. We want to kind of avoid that. But that's the general kind of feeling that's created. So as you go about creating your logo, think about what type of logo, what type of feel do I want to create? Is it more minimal? Is it more traditional? Is it, and you'd choose a font accordingly. Now, I want to specifically talk about logo design for just one moment. So let's go ahead and pull up 99designs. If you want to just pay and have this done, my favorite thing to do is anytime we're designing

new company, a business, I'll often just be like, you know what, this go-around, I just want someone to design it for me. I'll go to 99designs, you're gonna select logo design, and for the package, choose bronze or silver, okay? Don't go wasting money on these, like, gold is recommended, you're gonna get 90 designs. Honestly, we've gotten great designs from just the bronze level. You're gonna get even better designs. The max I would go, by the way, is silver. You'll get even better designs by just your, like, the way that you describe the brand. That's why you did all that work in steps one through four, so you can.

and actually say what it is you're trying to convey. Ideally, give them also a little sample of what website it's gonna go on to. That'll help them even further to design the right logo for you, okay? But this is the way I would go about it if I'm doing, you know, if I just wanna have someone else get it done for me. Do not fall into like they're getting their brand guides and all the other stuff. It's just not necessary. You can create those on your own. I'm gonna show you how to do that. I'm also gonna show you if you wanted to basically just.

DIY your logo, I'll show you how to do that. So there's two ways to do this. One is with Canva. So first, you're gonna go to Canva and just go to the homepage basically, and I want you to type in, you could type logo kit or logo template, okay? And what this is gonna do is it's gonna bring up brand kits. So this is why I say don't have someone create your brand kit and your logo kit. Because all you're gonna do is go to Canva and get ideas. You're like, oh, I like this logo. Oh, Porcelain Studio, that looks fantastic. I'm just gonna put, you know.

White Rose Studio. Don't use White Rose because that's actually a friend's business. But you might put whatever it is right there and there you go. Then there's more like this, right? Aaron Martinez. Oh, I can just take my name and replace it there. Oh, I can just do this. So this is a really easy way to design your logo and to have your brand kit. So brand kit, right? With brand kit, you're gonna search and this is gonna give you essentially the brand guidelines. This is where you choose your colors, all of that.

Very easy to do this kind of on your own because you've got all these designers that have created beautiful templates for you. You basically choose essentially what resonates with your brand. You can also go to creative market. Let's just see creative market. Why doesn't pull up the actual websites when I type in part of it and you can type in logo kit. OK. And then you get a ton of different logo kits brand guides and things like that here as well. Logo kit or if you just put logo template I think that would work.

would work too. Yeah, there we go. And you can see a bunch of different types of minimal logo kits. And they'll have a bunch of different logos. So when you see this, you'll get a ton of modifiable, like all of these are basically modifiable logo sets. So you find one that's like, oh, there's one of these that I really like that I could use for my brand. And you would just run with that. You get it done for 29 bucks, 39 bucks, whatever it might be. So easy, easy ways of kind of creating your own logo, doing your own designs, creating your own logo.

brand kit, I would recommend creating a brand kit. One of the things with that is, rather than try to create that before, like you have your website, is I would, I would honestly choose my website first, so that way the colors are kind of dictated by the website. So a big part of the brand kit is like colors and typography. I would choose the website template, the website theme, and then just simply pull the colors into my brand kit, pull the typography into my brand kit, and then I have that ready.

and then I just design a logo that would fit for it. So I would really go from that standpoint versus trying to go the other way and then trying to fit the colors on the website. I want you guys to think of this in the most efficient and just time-saving way possible, and that's the way that I would do it. A couple quick reminders when it comes to the logo itself. Don't overthink it. There are a lot of right logo answers. There's also a lot of bad logos, but there's a lot of good ways that you can go about this, but it's just some simple rules. We want a logo that's simple.

and clear, okay? Easy to read, easy to understand, easy to recognize. We want it to also look refined and looking refined doesn't mean that it has to look like a particular brand, like it doesn't have to look like Gucci or like, you know, Hermes. It means that it looks like it's kind of polished and any of those templates that I showed you, those all look polished, they all look good. What we don't want is like you just writing your name, you know, you just like typing your name out or it just looks too basic, right? It doesn't look like a legitimate logo.

We also don't want a bad looking logo either. We want to make sure it fits the website and brand. Again, design all of this. Put this together once you have the website and the theme kind of picked out. I'm going to give you methods of doing that. I'm literally going to give you a guide to how I would do that process as well. We want it to fit the website and the brand. We want it to work well when it's small or large. One of the mistakes that I often see is that people choose complicated logos which might look nice when they're big, but when they get shrunk down they look really busy and they're difficult to read. We want it to work well.

different sizes. Okay, I gave you some of my favorite design resources for this. Canva, Creative Market, Niantic Designs, there's the links to all of them. Most of the time now, I'm honestly just going to Canva, grabbing a template, creating something. I save all of these things. Like, I don't do any, I think I've mentioned this before, we kind of set that quarter million dollar number for us. Like, a business needs to be generating for us at least $250,000 in revenue before we're willing to like put money into design and aesthetics and things that make a minor difference.

We want things to be good, but using templates, using all these different kits and resources, we can get something looking professional and get to the actual meat of the business before we have to spend major money on anything. And why not do that first? Why not allow the business to prove itself, to start making good money, and then start working on those little things, those little improvements over time? So this is the way that I would approach the entire process and hope this was helpful. Let's go on to the next lesson. Okay, menu must haves.

And options, let's do it. So we already covered kind of those must-haves. I'm gonna go quickly over this because we mentioned it at the very beginning of that kind of design guide. So the must-haves, keeping it simple, these are like when you launch, portfolio, pricing, contact, about, blog, okay? The additional options, this is like depending on the experience that you want to create, depending on like what you want to include. I'm gonna give you ideas here. The very first thing that I would like for you to add is resources.

want there to be a resources page where this is where all your articles, your valuable content, where we kind of do our top-down marketing design, this is where those things are gonna go, right? The things that we can potentially turn into lead magnets, the things that we can build into our user experience, all of that is gonna go into resources. So this is probably the most critical one that really I want every one of you to put on your website. But some of you might have services on your menu as well, where like you're showing other related services, right?

It's not the main thing that you do, but it's something that you also have. Now, what I would recommend is you don't put, don't do like full listings with like all the details there, you know, don't make this overly complicated. Don't include genres of photography that are really outside of your bread and butter. So like, if you do children's portraits in your service should probably not be a link to your boudoir work because those two things are very disconnected. But if you do.

children's portraits and that's your main thing and in the services menu it showed families that would be fine okay we just don't want to have two things that are completely disconnected there but if you want to include those other services and some people go yeah i want to have a menu option because it's not the thing that i promote but i want to have a something that people can click on if those are things that they're interested in or more likely than not when i talk to them so that i can have something for them to look at that's that that would go into like a services menu another thing you can do is actually build things like

If you're like wedding and event related, you can create really great relationships with people to build venues or Vendors and this doesn't have to be wedding an event only right if you have other partners collaborative partners that make sense to include We can include vendors as well. And I'm gonna give you an example of each of these. So if we go over to linen jerseys page Okay, right at the top. You'll notice that there's wedding venues. And so we basically from an SEO standpoint we've kind of covered the venues that we want to be working at and

And each time we feature a new wedding venue, we actually reach out to them to say, hey, we just included you on our vendor resources, right? Under here, you'll see our favorite vendors under resource as a section. So again, it's a great space for you to be able to mention collaborative partners and to be able to then reach out to them and say, hey, I featured you. Why don't we chat about how we can work together further, which we'll talk about more as we get into like kind of the marketing strategy. So those are.

a really fantastic item for menus. Another element that's really great for your menu is testimonials, a specific page that just showcases client reviews. It could be videos, it can be all of that, okay? And yeah, W and E just stands for wedding and event, meaning like these are more wedding and event focused, whereas all these others could be everything. I do feel like partners, maybe not vendors, vendors is a very wedding specific term, but if you're not a wedding photographer, like let's say you, maybe you're a.

at Portrait Photographer, right? And so you might put partners up in a menu item where like you have your favorite groomers, where you have people that you frequently work with that you want to build. Again, my favorite way of doing this is you put the people into there that you want to be working with. You don't necessarily have a relationship with them yet, right, but you know they do good work. You know it's a brand that you wanna align yourself with. So you feature them in this section of your website. Then you send an email to them. You're like, hey, I just featured you in my menu.

you're one of my favorite vendors that offers this. I would love to be able to collaborate with you and you use that as a window to kind of connect with them. It works incredibly well. All right, let's jump to the next lesson. All right, perfect portfolio design. Let's get right into this. So here's what I want is before you choose a website design before we actually lock in the theme and go and buy it, what I'd like for you to do is actually put the portfolio together first.

because the images in your portfolio, it needs to actually fit with the design, with the template that you end up choosing, right? So I wanna give you the rules for that first so you can put this together and then we can make sure, and I'm gonna show you how to do like kind of a mock up in a second or in a bit of like putting those images into the actual design to make sure it fits, right? So the first thing I'll say here is less is more, less is more, period, less is more, less is more. All right, so if you have.

If you have to ask the question of whether an image fits with your brand and your clarified message, honestly, the answer is no, just kick it out. Like if you have to ask for someone's feedback. Now, there is a place to ask for feedback on your portfolio and we'll get there. But in general, if you ever question it, that already is your answer. I think the most powerful way that I can show you this concept is to simply show you a really shitty set of photos. We're gonna start with, this is my very first engagement.

shoot uh my very first two engagement shoots okay um 17 something years ago i don't know how long this is a while ago and you can see how awful it was you can see that that it's not only filled with underexposed images and and tons of dutch angle and tilted images and sepia tones and basically just know this oh my god i had them stare through peep like these binoculars at each other's eyeballs

I can't tell you, I've looked at this and I've shown this in so many lectures and it still bothers me. Anyway, whatever images that I shot, I guarantee if it came out somewhat decent in the camera, I ruined it in the edit, okay? And these were the terrible photos that I ended up with. This is the second session that I did with my partner. By the way, neither of these people paid. This was my business partner, Justin. This was a client that we shot for free that we ended up shooting their wedding with and getting paid for. But yeah, there was some decent photos in here. Most of them are trash.

but then I kind of ruined everything in the edits. I think all of you would agree this is a really shitty example of work. In fact, I can guarantee that every single one of you are taking better images than these. Even if you just picked up your camera, they're probably better than this, okay? I know you agree with me. You don't need to like, you know, rub it in or whatever. But here's what I do wanna do. I'm gonna take this shattastic set of photos and what we're gonna do is I'm gonna narrow it down.

to four so within those I don't know 60 80 images was these four photographs And what if this was all you saw? from my work Suddenly kind of your impression of my work changes, right? You're like, that's a really nice expression. That's really cute Oh, this looks nice. Oh, that's so cute there and I didn't change the editing. I didn't change anything This is still the bad editing style. They're not cohesive But suddenly the impression

of the work got dramatically better, didn't it? Even with the terrible set of photographs that we had there. The point of this is for you to recognize that even when we're looking at a really bad body of work, less is always more. That simply what you choose to show can very much dictate what the perceived quality of your work is. I will say this though, in the idea of showing your work and creating the best perception possible.

please make sure that whatever it is that you show, they are things that you can actually replicate, okay? I don't care if you use portfolio images in your, not portfolio, you know those portfolio shoots where people pay to go on these portfolio shoots to add things to their imagery? I don't care if people wanna put those in their actual website, in their portfolio, but I do care when they can't reproduce that work. And it's not like, I'm not gonna, I'm gonna mind my own business, it's not like I'm stepping in

or you're ripping people off, although I think they are, it's more so I care because they're ruining their own chances of running a successful business. If you put things in your portfolio that you can't recreate, you create a perception of work that you won't deliver on. And while you might get some clients right now, you're gonna tank your business within six months because you won't be able to deliver what you're showing and then you're gonna get bad reviews. So that's the main thing there is, I want you to see how less is more. I also want you to showcase things that you can easily reproduce, all right?

and to understand that if it's not helping, then it's taking away, okay? So again, most photographers have images in their portfolio that are actually pushing the ideal clients away. We wanna make sure that that is not the case. All right, so this is your high-converting portfolio designer. This is your little checklist that I'm gonna give you. So potential clients, they're very likely only gonna look at 10 to maybe 20 images of your portfolio, which means that we don't need that many. Go for 20 images.

if you really want to add more fine, but every image has to be better than the last one. I want you to make sure that you are following this guide. So select images that match your clarified message. If you're doing boudoir for women over 40, I don't know, whatever type of boudoir you're doing, make sure that whatever your clarified message is, every image you showcase matches it. If you're doing children's portraits, don't go throwing concert images into it. Don't go throwing senior portraits into it. You're like, oh, it's kind of still children's portrait. No, if you're doing fine art children's.

portraits, showcase fine art children's portraits, nothing else. So it has to match the clarified message. It needs to resonate with your dream client avatar, which is why we created those first needs to elicit an emotional response from the viewer. It needs to be as good. So every image, think of every image of being as good or better than the last image, and it needs to represent work that you can easily confidently recreate. Okay. Call images out that don't represent your current quality that are questionable on any level.

and that don't elicit an emotional response. Now when you've done this, I want you to pause. When you've done this, you've met the checklist, you've got the 20 images, that's the great time and place to say, hey, I've followed the checklist, this is my clarified message, this is what I want, these are the images that I think would be great. Post those images into the group, into the mentorship group, and say, what do you think? What are your thoughts on that, okay? So that's the little kind of thought and tip there.

All right, done with this lesson. Let's hit the next. How to choose your website template. Now we're at the point where I want you to actually make the selection, right? Again, we're not gonna reinvent the wheel here. My two favorite places for getting design themes, for website design themes and for templates is Creative Market and Themeforest. And really, Creative Market is by far my favorite because they do a really good job of culling and taking out bad styles.

Essentially or not really showcasing them So what you would do is go to create a market and you'd type in like something like if you decide I'm gonna use WordPress you type in WordPress You type in photography and theme. Okay, and then it's gonna bring up WordPress photography theme So here's the Delphine one that we've been using as an example throughout this There's plenty of different ones that you can look through if you're using show it you would type in show it Photography theme and it's gonna bring up show it base websites Obviously each of these platforms to they have their own Marketplace

as well, so show it would have its own marketplace in addition to what you can get on Creative Market too. But that's the gist of it. Now before you actually go selecting though, I have an exercise that I think is very, very useful. So let's actually pick one of these and maybe we'll use this one just as our example. I'm gonna click the live preview so it pulls up and here's what we have, okay? Let's go back to the slides for one second. So again, my reminder here is that the perfect platform doesn't exist. So you're gonna get.

don't, the reason why I say this is because oftentimes people get frustrated and they think that because of their frustration they chose the wrong platform. Honestly it's usually not the case, it's just that this process kind of sucks, like designing a website, dealing with these different builders, it's just really annoying. So the number one thing is making sure that your design, your theme, it really fits the type of brand that you're actually trying to create, right? So when I'm looking at a designer theme like this that's really more business coaching, that is what it fits.

I'm not a business coach, we're all photographers here, but maybe I'm trying to approach corporate clients, right? Then this would make a lot of sense still as a photography theme, because we can change all the actual messaging in here to be what we want. This already has like a good aesthetic if we're looking to maybe work with brands, like maybe we're a photographer for personal brands, maybe we're a photographer for business coaches, this would make complete sense, right? So that's the idea here is that number one,

choosing a design theme that fits the brand and then making sure that all these other things are in place. Now, here's the actual website mock-up coach that kind of, I want you guys, you're gonna be your own coach, but I'm gonna show you how to do it, okay? So what I did with Stephanie is to kind of show you, we're doing an example of what it means to elevate a brand and I created this mock-up. I wanna show you exactly how to do that right now because this is the step that I want each of you to do before you land on one of these themes, okay? And maybe we'll choose some.

something that's not so, because I think the number of us here that might be doing like corporate stuff is probably pretty small. So let's maybe choose something else. Some of the ShowIt templates are actually pretty expensive. Okay, this is a thousand bucks for the personal versus commercial. Let's choose a different one. Let's go with, oh, this one looks, okay, Fern and Fig. All right, interior design. Interesting. Let's try to find one that is. ShowIt.

Photography, I think they call it a template. So let's see if I type template, I might get a better response. There we go. Light and airy. This would be a good one. 210 bucks. Let's go live preview. So what I'm gonna have you do is go to the homepage of the site and go ahead and take a screenshot, okay? On Mac, it's Alt Shift 4, or yeah, I don't think it's the same shortcut on Windows, but that's a shortcut on Mac to basically take a screenshot. I'm gonna grab the entire screen. And what I'm gonna do is go back.

Back to Canva, and you can use any document. So I'm just gonna use the one that we had open for one of those lessons. And we're gonna go ahead and clear this page out. Wait, what did I just do? Delete, there we go, okay. So let's delete everything on this page, perfect. And what I'm gonna do is actually drop in, mother tutter. We're gonna drop in that screenshot that we just took. So let me grab it.

One thing I don't like about Max is when you screenshot them if you click it or do something weird it like disappears So let's do that one more time I'm gonna drag it right in Perfect. Okay. So we just put it in and what I'm gonna ask you to do is to take that portfolio You're gonna upload it right here So you have the images available and then you're gonna just drag and drop them in and kind of resize your images This is a really quick process, right? But what I want you to see is this entire style

and design is really like it's meant for images that are super light and super airy. So what I want you to recognize is if I drop in images like this, it may or may not work, right? So I'm just gonna put this image right here. Okay, let's do that. I'm gonna put this image right here. We'll do that. And then I put this image right here. And then I'm gonna put this image right here.

Oh, let's shrink it this way, there we go, and do that. Okay, and honestly, I kind of feel like this isn't too bad. Like, as I'm doing this, and this is why I'm saying white kind of works with everything, so this kind of follows those rules where it's like, yeah, I think white could look pretty good with that, especially if we keep replacing these. If I keep replacing with that same style, then you go, okay, my images look good in this. I create the right impression for the work.

work, we're good to go. Let's keep moving forward with this, right? That's the concept and the idea that I want you guys to kind of walk away with here. And you'll notice that if I take the same design, did I, I thought I screenshotted the whole thing, but maybe, there we go. Let me just expand it a little bit on this side. All right, let's move it over a little bit. Okay, if I take those images down here that were maybe a little more light and airy, you'll notice that immediately it

it actually fits quite a bit better, right? So we take like this, and this is by no means the exact images. If I'm doing a family brand, it's not like these are my best family images. This is just an example of making sure stylistically that these fit with what you're trying to do, okay? Now look at that. That actually fits really beautifully, doesn't it? Not the cropped off image. That doesn't show what I want.

to show. Okay, perfect. Do you see how now it fits that much better? The light type of font, the light type of style, the script every now and then, the airy spacing, all that works really, really well. And this is what I want you to do before you end up buying and making a final choice here, is make sure that the images you're creating actually fit, okay? And you'll get a lot of confidence knowing that, hey, I'm making a good decision there.

So that's kind of the place where once the images are there, you're gonna pick your favorite theme or maybe it's a few themes, maybe you're considering two or three of them, right? You're gonna do the same exercise, take a screenshot, drop it into Canva, put some of your images into it and make sure it looks good. Again, we wanna make sure that the basic functionality is there. We know that the perfect design theme doesn't exist, but when choosing between a few good choices, this will often help you.

narrow it down really quick is just to see your images in those themes. And then to understand this, if you land at two or more themes, your images are in there. It looks great on this one, it looks great on this one. I don't know which one to pick. By all means, if you want, you can pause, you can jump into the group and ask for everybody's feedback but I want you to recognize that at that point, it's not a make or break decision, okay? At the point where you have a good looking website, at the point where either of the.

these things can work. It's no longer a make or break decision. It's kind of like you can't go wrong with either. So maybe at that point you look at some other things like which one of these might be easier to modify, which one of these has more peripheral pages like other pages and other templates that I think would be helpful because it's not a make or break. But this will really help a lot in leveling up your confidence and knowing that this is the right direction to go, okay? All right, friends, let's go ahead and end this one and jump to the next lesson.

Your final grunt test. Honestly, this will be something that you probably do more than once. But once you get your website up, right, your portfolio's in place, you've got the landing page, you've got kind of the designs, your clarified message, most of the meat is into the website and you're like, man, this is good to go, I wanna publish this. I'm gonna give you a little grunt test. And the grunt test is this idea, this concept that came from Donald Miller in building a story brand. The concept is that even a caveman should be able to quickly understand.

exactly what you're offering and how it's going to benefit them or make their life better, okay? So the grunt test is really easy. What you're going to do is work through this checklist. Number one, is there clarity on my offerings, okay? Within five seconds, can someone be crystal clear about what it is that I do, what niche I serve, and what type of services that I offer? Number two, is there visual impact? Is the first image shown impactful, emotionally meaningful to my target audience avatar?

Number three, are there strong CTAs throughout each page scroll? Basically one on each page scroll. If you feel like it doesn't fit in certain places, fine, but just as a general idea, general guide, each page scroll usually has a CTA to the most relevant next step, okay, to kind of help with their discovery process. All right, four, are there strong elements of social proof that are kind of peppered throughout? Testimonials, reviews,

awards things that can help people further trust my brand five fast loading speed. This is a big one want to make sure the images on your website are optimized so you can use something like JPEG Mini. There's plenty of different compassion compression software out there that will basically shrink down those files when you so that way when you put images on your website, it automatically is just going to load up faster, right? We want to make sure that we're compressing sometimes like like if you're using a pixie set or Squarespace, sometimes they actually build in compression.

to it where if you're putting you know images and it'll do it for you and that's great it'll save you a little step there want to make sure that the pages are loading quickly okay there's by the way a lot of different if you simply go to like search and just type in like test website speed we talk about this more when we get to SEO but there's plenty of different like free like pingdom will give you like a free website speed test where it'll actually analyze and look at how fast it's loading

What I want you to recognize is that photography websites in general will be slower than most. Okay, we just don't want to be slow for a photography website because photography websites are very image heavy, so it is going to be slower than most automatically, but we want to make sure that the website images that they're optimized, okay. We'll speak more about that a little bit later, but just understand that that's a step here. Want to make sure that it's responsive design. So for mobile, it looks good on mobile, looks good on iPad, looks good on desktop. Okay.

We've tested it, we know the website's looking great across the board. Easy navigation, the menu's clear, it's concise, it makes it easy for visitors to navigate. It has your contact information, not only in the menu, but throughout the website itself, and we've also included our email and phone number. Including your phone number's ideal. Some people don't want to because maybe you don't want a client calling you, and honestly, I wouldn't put your phone number onto, say, the contact page because I want them to give me their email and phone number so I can call them immediately. But.

But somewhere on your website, like in a footer, you might include like an email, a phone number. The main thing is that the contact menu is easy to find and that you have CTAs to contact you throughout the website to kind of get them moving towards the booking process. Step nine, portfolio design. So each image of my portfolio is not only strong, they all emotionally resonate with my target audience. They're all better than the last. It follows the portfolio checklist, all of it. Okay. It's all about the value proposition, every component of my website.

adds up to convey value and a unique experience to my target audience. So this is your checklist that we wanna make sure that we have checked off. And if there's any of these that you question, post the section, like take the, whenever you're asking for feedback in the mentorship group, one of the things that's really helpful is to say like, hey, I'm wondering if my website's portfolio design is ideal, I've included a screenshot, here's the link, can you please take a look, give us some information there and send us.

Like when you ask peers or me to look at something Give us one thing to look at like if you post in the group and you say hey Can you review my website that is a daunting task and I would reserve those for like full website audits, right? And it's it's a daunting task for not only me But for for just your peers to be able to give you feedback on so when you want feedback in any of these areas Kind of post what it is that you're looking to do and ask for one area of feedback And that really improves the quality

of feedback that you'll receive. Okay, so this is your Grunt test checklist. We're good to go. Let's hit the next lesson. I wanted to give you all now a few quick examples of what good pages look like. And I'm gonna just give you some specific pages, some of the more important pages. One of the most important, that's not your landing page of your website, your home page of your website, is your pricing page, right? So again, yes, you need it. It's gonna be the most clicked page on your website.

Critical habit, it's an amazing place to show value, all of that. We know that. So I'll skip over that piece. At a minimum, really, if we're talking about like what is the minimum I need to put on my pricing page, that's what MVP, minimum viable product. Minimum viable pricing page, minimum viable page, hey, it works a number of ways. So at a minimum, we need our starting price, which is basically your minimum viable product, boy, there's a lot of MVPs now, and a typical spend. So it's that phrase that we've talked about a little bit earlier in the program.

you probably heard me say a lot that phrase that goes like well our packages start at and my clients typically spend around this right and then you have the call to action of let's chat let's get a quote that's the minimum though the ideal to be honest is creating a pricing page that speaks a little bit about the experience builds a little bit of value and then shows the pricing without making it too long like make sure it's not redundant it doesn't like repeat the home page of your website so we don't need to go too far with it but i do want to give you a couple examples of

of good inspiration from alumni. Okay, so alumni pricing page examples. Again, I should have mentioned this earlier too. Anytime I give examples, please learn, be inspired, make it yours, but don't copy, okay? So here's a good example of Viviana's where it kind of, it mirrors like what she said on her first. I would say like, I like this, ready to elevate your personal brand to the next level. And it says, but first the elephant in the room. I think that's cute. I think it's playful. It's her, have this call to action right there. I mean it.

It has personal branding sessions starting at, and it has more information down there. So starting at, and then clients typically invest between 2,500 to 6,500, okay? So a nice little price range right there. We're not gonna get into details of pricing. You're not gonna include all your packages. You're not gonna include all your a la carte items. None of that. Just the basics, just a range. This one is a cinematography example from Tom. It says, timeless wedding films and photos of your loving moments. And it goes to what does a wedding film cost, right?

And it kind of gives examples. This is a great example shows range It builds some value here and it asks some questions and shows a few extra options So if we click this in I'll just show you guys kind of what it looks like real quick Okay So as we scroll down what is a wedding film cost he gives the idea right here So he's giving them the goods then he has a testimonial and he goes to how it works, right? So one scheduled meeting reserve the date deposit then he goes to a video offer that captures the moments

value most and that looks like a quote which if that is I would include who said it so that way we know but a little more information and he kind of includes like some extra to consider there's not any prices here it's just here's a one-minute highlight teaser trailer and he shows what that looks like a same day edit and he shows what that looks like guest messages I love this this is beautiful it it shows them things to consider without overwhelming them right they get a look at one thing at a time it's a simple list it's beautifully designed all that is really great

Okay, so this is a good example of a pricing page that builds value, right? I'm gonna give you another one. AskAce, simple, it shows multiple collections, provides ranges, and then it asks, or answers good questions, like frequently asked questions. So simple pricing page, and if you want to say, some people are like, I want to say investment, right? If you want to say investment, you can make this say investment, where it goes pricing, and then it could say investment here. Don't put investment.

in the menu, because it doesn't make sense from a user experience standpoint. A lot of people don't understand what that, like photographers know what that means, but clients don't. So just say pricing, because that's what clients understand, right? So custom collection to fit, and by the way, collection is my favorite term for package. It sounds nice, it sounds refined, so I like that term a lot. So it shows my photography collections. Talks about the different experiences, so wedding photography, prices start at, most couples spend, wedding films, prices start at, most couples spend, a couple session. So he has a few different.

sample services there. But what if I want both photo and video? Oh, great, okay, Price has started this, and you click, I want both. Got questions, he does an FAQ. This is great, this is a solid pricing page. Some people ask the question, I always get like, well, don't you feel like it's, what is it? It's bad, it's not upfront to not show your complete pricing. And I'm like, no, it's actually the exact opposite. It's a terrible experience to show pricing. Like.

like your complete price list and people will go that's not transparent though and I go look transparency is telling somebody a range of what to expect that is transparency me dropping a price list on you that's just overwhelming you don't why do I need to give you a price list of things that I don't even know if you're at all interested in right I don't even know if these are services like I could give you my entire price list but 90 of those things you don't want you don't need so what's the point in creating that over

Again, we've used that analogy of going and buying a car many times because it's one that it's familiar to all of us, it's one that we've been annoyed by many times, but imagine you go to a dealership and you're like, I need a price list and the person's like, yeah, our cars kind of range between $15,000 all the way up to $80,000, so there's a big range there. I'm sure we can find something that would be a good fit for you, but why don't you tell me what it is that you're looking for, and you're like, no, I just need a price list.

that doesn't make any sense. Like as a salesperson, I'm here to help you figure out what it is that you're looking for, right? So if I did say, okay, fine, here's our inventory. So I give you our entire sheet of inventory and you're like, I don't know which one of these cars is for me. That is exactly the issue that we create when we show too much on a pricing page, right? So that's not transparency, that's just bad sales. Transparency.

is letting them know what is the expected price range that they can expect to spend with us. It could be more, it could be less, but here's the range. And then letting them, like helping them to find the right product as we meet with them, as we have the conversations. But these are all great examples. There's a lot of good ways to put together pricing pages. These are great examples of it. And now take them, make it your own, okay. Let's do another example. This time, what's a good example?

of say an about us page. Again, this is such a critical piece as we move forward is humanizing our brand. We're building personal brands. We need to be able to connect with our audience. We wanna show personality, wanna show values, make them want to learn more. Now, as far as what to share, I kind of think of the onion, right? Introduce yourself in layers. So I want you to start with the light stuff, work into the hobbies, family, some passions. Maybe you.

a little bit deeper, maybe you talk some about your values and ending with kind of why you do what you do. This is the general idea here, is we kind of go layer by layer. I always get asked, well, Pi, should I put like, you know, my religious beliefs on my website? Should I put my political beliefs on my website? Now, my personal opinion is based on my personal values, so I can't tell you what you should do. I can tell you what can happen with these choices. If you make your website religious.

you're going to attract religious people to your business so if I am Jewish Orthodox and I want to be serving the Jewish Orthodox community which is a great community would be serving then I would literally spell it out Jewish Orthodox photographer capturing bar and bat mitzvahs in the LA and Orange County areas right then I'm gonna get Jewish clients but I'm not gonna get non-Jewish clients I've literally spelled it out right and in this case like it doesn't matter how deep like

I would benefit by actually going deeper into my beliefs. So in the about me page, I would talk about what it is that's so meaningful about capturing bar and bat mitzvahs, what it is that I love about this process, what it means to me to read the Torah. All those things become very relevant because the brand is centered around that, right? I'm almost more, like I'm definitely more in tune with like, if you wanna focus on a religious aspect, a cultural aspect, like.

Maybe it's, I do Indian weddings, right? You could build a brand that only is about Indian weddings. Whatever it is that you are showing, like your belief set, your culture, whatever it is, that you're gonna get more of that thing, right? Those all make sense to me. What doesn't make sense to me is showing political beliefs. But the reason that that doesn't make sense to me is that politically, I am very moderate. I'm very neutral. Like, there's things that I have a lot of friends that, it's funny.

I have two communities that surround me. One is the mixed martial arts community, which is hyper-conservative. And then I have photographers and artists on my other side, business owners, which, especially in California, tend to be hyper-liberal, right? So I have both of these. And to be honest, I resonate with both. Like, yes, I understand things that are going, not with the extremes on each side. I do not resonate with extremes on either side. But for the most part, I resonate with like, like when my friends share something, I'm like, yeah, I could see why you think that way. And when my.

Other friends say, yeah, I can see why you think that way too. And, and I agree. And so I'm very much in the middle. Why would I want to put political beliefs onto my website when I want to work with everybody? Like, this is not, I don't care what your, your politics are. I care about good people. I'd rather put that onto my website. Right. But if you're someone who's like, well, I'm on the left and I just can't stand working with people on the right. Fine. Include it because you're filtering.

people out, like it's a method of filtering because you don't wanna include any, like those other people that you wanna talk to. That's the one time I'll be like, okay, you're making the conscious choice to do that. Same thing if you're like, I only wanna work with conservatives. Okay, fine, right? If that's the level that you believe in something where you don't wanna work with somebody that doesn't share those same beliefs, those same values, then post it. I don't care, I'm not gonna stop you. But generally, I like to keep it this way.

I introduce myself in layers, I start with the light stuff, I go into hobbies and passions, I connect with people, I progress a little bit deeper, I talk about some of my values, and I end with why I do what I do, and I leave the other stuff out of it because those other things are not meaningful to me. They're not, you know, distinctions of who I want to work with and all that, but I'm hoping that that's clear to each of you. Okay, so some sample alumni pages. Let's get into this part. One of my favorite examples are past alumni Jesse and Dallin.

This is their about pages is wonderful. It's so relatable. They are a couple they approach weddings as a couple So that's a big part of it husband and wife wedding photographers. Great story great visuals. It's easy to scan So let's let's open this up and just take a quick look at this okay, so They have their story right here up top. It's nice and easy to read. It is a Significant block of text but it's it's very simple in terms of font It's it's easily

written, so it doesn't look complicated. It's easy to get through that. They have great visual examples of like things that they, that, that I can connect with, right? We get to meet their family. We take a look behind the scenes. We get to see some of their favorite things in life. This is a great page. And then each of the calls to action, um, well, I would probably say that what this page is missing is calls to action that would bring them to like, Hey, let's chat more and, and, and let's, let's work together because once I've connected with you, the next step is let's talk, let's, let's.

Actually, so that's probably one thing that I would add to that page. Okay, so Vivian is another good one. It's friendly, it's personable. It speaks of, hey, we might be a good match if, I love that section, like we might be a good match if, and you put like some of your pet peeves. If you also hate this, or you put like some of the things that you love, if you want this, I love things like that. So that's another great example. Tom's is awesome, simple, clean, highly visual, easy to scan. Let's take a quick look at this one. So look, like Tom's is.

I got a little icon right here. Do what you love, love what you do. Talks about his style. This is the part that I think is really fantastic. So honestly, if I had to tweak something, I wouldn't really talk about the shooting stuff. Like I clicked on about you, Tom. So if I were to give critique, it'd be let's save this stuff for later. Let's talk about this. The random facts that you didn't know. Let me get to know you a bit. Traveling, yes, please. Testimonials, awesome. Then getting into why I take pictures, what is my style.

You know, all that stuff is I get to know you more is great, but I want to really get to know you. And I felt like that visual that you had on your first page too, I feel like would, well, you could represent it a different way, so it's not a duplicate of it, but stuff like that is great. Seeing that marathon picture is super cool, even though I think you're a psycho for wanting to run lots of miles. That's just dumb. Who wants to do that? Let's take a quick look at Viviana's too, and just take a glance. Okay.

So this is brand portraiture, I love this. We scroll down, we see your family, we get a connect there, those are cute. Established in 2019, I love that. Yes, let's work together, that's perfect. We have some testimonials here. When you stop waiting and start living your dream. I would say that, and I love this section, we may be a good match if. This is one of those sections that's very powerful. Like I would bring that section up to like maybe be like more about Viviana and then right below that, like is this testimonials? When I'm not working, you can find me. Oh, okay.

So this would be cool like in this section to have some visual icons that kind of make this a little bit easier to follow. So I wasn't sure if this was testimonials and whatnot, but again, this is still a solid page. There's a little bit of optimizing we can do in this, but it's fantastic. This is what humanizes a brand, right? Like as we're doing this and we have some people watching this live, Stephanie's like, I love the look of Viviana's website. Yeah, the whole goal here is that when they click here and they're looking at your website, they connect with you and they're like, man, I...

I wanna learn more and then suddenly see, oh, nice to meet you, I'm Viviana, get to know me. Yeah, I do wanna get to know you. Okay, and then I get a sense of your personality. I'm like, you know what, we fit. I wanna work with people that I like. I wanna give money to people that I wanna support, people that I can connect with. And so your about page is such a critical piece of this. And it's funny because it's one of the most underused advantages that I see. Like this humanizing your brand.

is one of the easiest ways you can get your business to stand out, and yet it's one of the things that I see happening the least, which is so strange to me as we push more and more into this AI world. We should all be doing this, but you'll have the advantage of being part of the few that are doing it. Alright, that's it for the examples and this lesson. Let's jump on to the next one. Okay, what's on a good resource page? So basically we want on a resource page is SEO driven guides. Now what

What that means is they're, maybe SEO optimized is the better term. They're prepared for SEO, they're searchable, but they're really created for your audience. But for simplicity's sake, I do like to separate certain things. There's also a slight benefit in SEO, although it's not like huge, it's not a deal breaker by any means. It's one of those tiny shifts. Generally, I like the blog itself to basically be a client journal.

Okay, what I'm shooting, like who I'm working with, this is my client journal, these are the shoots that I'm doing. I like resource pages to be directly after, I like them to be actual web pages on my site that the URL is directly after my .com. So meaning, let's see here, I'm gonna go, let's go to like Leningrsa as an example. So you'll notice that we do have a resource page.

If I click this though, let me see if you guys can see the URL. You'll notice that the URL, whoops, let's go, okay. So if I go client resources, do you see how the URL is client resources? But when I click one of these, let's choose like Mexican wedding traditions, right? Notice that it's not underneath client resources, Mexican wedding traditions, it's actually its own URL directly behind leningrsa.com.

The reason why is that there's a little bit of an SEO advantage when a website or when a page is closer in organization to your dot-com. The closer it is to your landing page to your to your home page of your website, the more important it's perceived to be. So I like the resource pages to be just directly connected to your dot-com and then to simply have a page where you're featuring those resources essentially. That's the idea here.

That's why I like including, like when you're creating resource pages, that's why I like them to be there and not inside the blog because if they go into your blog, it's, you know, whatever website.com forward slash blog forward slash Mexican wedding traditions or whatever the resource might be. Okay. So just a little bit of a tip there. It's not a deal breaker if your resources are inside of your blog, but I think just from an organizational standpoint, a little bit of a SEO optimization is beneficial.

on that to separate them. Plus it's a little bit easier for me, like as I'm thinking, what goes where? Okay, the blog is just for client stuff and my resource page, that's for long-term assets that I'm creating. So this is it. What we're doing here is adding things to our menu. Again, we want a resource page in our menu because anything important goes at the top of a website. When a search engine, it doesn't matter whether it's crawled by AI, whether it's crawled by Google, whatever's towards the top of a website is perceived to be.

more important. So I want these things linked up in the top of the website. We need something that links directly to the resource page. So here's resources. Like look, photo spots are locations that are great for photos, right? Wedding venues. And you might be wondering, Pi, what's the point in creating all these when people are going to AI chat just to get their answers, right? Okay, number one, AI chat, like AI search, people are using that to search for things. It pulls from articles that are available on the internet. Okay.

So number one, you're helping to kind of like populate that. But number two, when people search for photography, they might have a question, but they also wanna see examples. Photography is a visual thing. So getting a text response from an AI is not the same thing as actually seeing what you did at a particular shoot, what you did with a Boudoir client, what you did for a particular children portrait session, what you did at a particular wedding venue. So we want to build.

these things because there's still so much value in building resources for clients, especially when those resources include visuals that give them examples of what it is that we do, right? So we want this. It's useful for both SEO and for AI search, and we're gonna put them in a lead magnus. We're gonna do a lot of things with them. So yes, we want these resources. This is gonna be a huge part of our marketing strategy as you move forward. One thing though, I want you to understand that most people find.

these resource pages generally through search. What that means is, I'm on Google, I type in something like Terranea Wedding Photography, right, and then suddenly I click this page. The person that searches this, they don't necessarily know what Leningrsa is. They don't know what website they're on. They had a question, they got led to a website, it happened to be your website, but they don't know you, they don't know your services, anything. So they get to the article, and if you don't.

have a section at the top and at the bottom that tells a bit about who you are and what you do, then those search views are not going to yield anything, right? So what we want is something at the top, it can be at the top of the page, like it could be right underneath the header where you have a little about section and then the article just below that where they can see it, or it could be to the right of it. You can use a two-column approach, either way is up to you, but we need to include a little about and a call to action at the top.

top and bottom of each of these resource pages, okay? That's very important to take advantage of this. One other thing that I like on a resource page is ideally categorization. We, this is like a not a make or break thing. It's just nice if it's a bit more organized. Again, because people don't generally, people are not generally gonna go to your landing page or your website and then click resources and then click like what they want. They're usually gonna find those things externally from search, right?

So even if you don't have categories, this is not a deal breaker. We still don't have categories, but try to make it simple, easy to follow. That's actually the main critique that I would have for ours, right? So if you looked at our client resources, our venue guys, favorite vendors, there is some guidance to it, but like on the client resources, I'm like, man, if I click to open this one, it's just literally a hodgepodge of articles, right? With pages. There's not really any organization to this, but again, people are finding these pages

from search, if I go to say wedding venues, there is some organization there, or I go Los Angeles venues, Orange County, and I can see that, and then I can see from the list of Orange County venues, I see like, okay, this shows here, and you can get a little bit deeper if you wanted to an organization, but this is already pretty good, right, to have this kind of organization. You could go further, you could say beach resorts, you could say like, or resort vibes, you could say nature vibes, you can separate it based on like the style, the look, but.

Having some level of organization is nice, okay? Not crazy important because of how people are finding it, but nice. Here's another example of a good resource page. This one is from Jessie and Dallens. So if you click on their resources, this is for brides and grooms right here, okay? So as I scroll down, the wedding experience, couple experience, and then look how we're different. I love how they kind of built some experience in this process. So if someone clicks that, it's kind of like, hey, here's a little guide into what it is that we do, and then.

Also, check this out. There's this beautiful guide to Utah wedding venues. That's a fantastic lead magnet right there. Then you have wedding resources and advice. This is great. Each one of these, let's see if they follow the practice. Now look, each one of these is underneath their blog. So it goes jessingdown.com, blog, our five favorite wedding exit ideas. Deal breaker, no. Just not quite as SEO optimized as if it were minus the blog URL and just our five favorite wedding ideas attached.

or exit ideas attached directly to their .com. Again, tiny, tiny little optimization thing that's nice. If you can do it from the start where you separate and blog stuff is for clients and your pages are for permanent stuff, I think that's great. If you've already been designing this and you're already down the road and everything's underneath the blog, not a deal breaker. Don't stress about it, okay? A lot of these little SEO tricks now are just not deal breakers. There's like little.

optimization trait and I'll let you know I'll let you know when something's important when something's important it's like okay what you put into your title making sure that you have these words that's important you know including those words in the body of the text that's important you know making sure that it goes into either h1 or h2 into some sort of heading that's important optimizing images I'll tell you when those things are critical and when it's like okay these things are nice but they're not deal breakers cool so this gives you a good idea resources are fantastic

Again, I'm going to show you how to create these as we get into the marketing work, but just imagine every one of these things that is created, they work as, you know, what we're looking to do is create lead magnets, things that we, like the top Utah wedding venues, top California wedding venues, our favorite spots, 10 places to do your engagement photos. These are reasons that people would click on an ad, they're reasons that people would click on your website, give you their email because they want something that's valuable to them. On top of that, if someone is...

is thinking about where to get their engagement session, you could create a resource for, here are my favorite locations for engagements and have it be part of your client experience. If you're a boudoir photographer and they're like, well, what should I wear to my boudoir session? You create a resource that's what to wear. And then as soon as they book, you send them an email that says, congratulations, here's your receipt for booking. Look, one of the first questions we get is what should you wear? Here's a little article right here that I've attached. Go ahead and click that, check it out. Let me know if you have any questions.

These are areas where we wanna build these resources because it allows us to just amplify the overall client experience across the board, plus we're gonna use them for social media marketing, for all sorts of external uses as well on the marketing side too. So please do not sleep on this concept. Organic content literally is, like all of this, this top-down strategy is how we've generated, at this point, I think we're approaching close to 40.

million, but it's well over $30 million of revenue over the 15 years of running Lina Gersa, just from this, only this past year, did we start doing paid ads? And there's, there's reasons for that. We can talk about it later, but it's not because we had to, by the way, it's just because like, we're a different place in our family life and like, that's like our, our focus now is let's, let's do less and, uh, and just kind of leverage something else that we can pay for. But anyway, no, no.

point and kind of worrying about that yet. My point is, is that we built this entire thing and we're still getting tons of leads a month from work that we did with organic content, with all these things, with resources essentially, from six, seven years ago, okay? These things will continue to give you revenue. They will continue to build up over time, whereas paid advertising, whereas a social media post, it's only gonna be useful for a short period for on social media, a matter of.

minutes maybe days for you know a paid ad as long as you're spending money on it don't sleep on this stuff perfect we're done