What I want you to recognize is that photography websites in general will be slower than most. Okay, we just don't want to be slow for a photography website because photography websites are very image heavy, so it is going to be slower than most automatically, but we want to make sure that the website images that they're optimized, okay. We'll speak more about that a little bit later, but just understand that that's a step here. Want to make sure that it's responsive design. So for mobile, it looks good on mobile, looks good on iPad, looks good on desktop. Okay.

We've tested it, we know the website's looking great across the board. Easy navigation, the menu's clear, it's concise, it makes it easy for visitors to navigate. It has your contact information, not only in the menu, but throughout the website itself, and we've also included our email and phone number. Including your phone number's ideal. Some people don't want to because maybe you don't want a client calling you, and honestly, I wouldn't put your phone number onto, say, the contact page because I want them to give me their email and phone number so I can call them immediately. But.

But somewhere on your website, like in a footer, you might include like an email, a phone number. The main thing is that the contact menu is easy to find and that you have CTAs to contact you throughout the website to kind of get them moving towards the booking process. Step nine, portfolio design. So each image of my portfolio is not only strong, they all emotionally resonate with my target audience. They're all better than the last. It follows the portfolio checklist, all of it. Okay. It's all about the value proposition, every component of my website.

adds up to convey value and a unique experience to my target audience. So this is your checklist that we wanna make sure that we have checked off. And if there's any of these that you question, post the section, like take the, whenever you're asking for feedback in the mentorship group, one of the things that's really helpful is to say like, hey, I'm wondering if my website's portfolio design is ideal, I've included a screenshot, here's the link, can you please take a look, give us some information there and send us.

Like when you ask peers or me to look at something Give us one thing to look at like if you post in the group and you say hey Can you review my website that is a daunting task and I would reserve those for like full website audits, right? And it's it's a daunting task for not only me But for for just your peers to be able to give you feedback on so when you want feedback in any of these areas Kind of post what it is that you're looking to do and ask for one area of feedback And that really improves the quality

of feedback that you'll receive. Okay, so this is your Grunt test checklist. We're good to go. Let's hit the next lesson. I wanted to give you all now a few quick examples of what good pages look like. And I'm gonna just give you some specific pages, some of the more important pages. One of the most important, that's not your landing page of your website, your home page of your website, is your pricing page, right? So again, yes, you need it. It's gonna be the most clicked page on your website.

Critical habit, it's an amazing place to show value, all of that. We know that. So I'll skip over that piece. At a minimum, really, if we're talking about like what is the minimum I need to put on my pricing page, that's what MVP, minimum viable product. Minimum viable pricing page, minimum viable page, hey, it works a number of ways. So at a minimum, we need our starting price, which is basically your minimum viable product, boy, there's a lot of MVPs now, and a typical spend. So it's that phrase that we've talked about a little bit earlier in the program.

you probably heard me say a lot that phrase that goes like well our packages start at and my clients typically spend around this right and then you have the call to action of let's chat let's get a quote that's the minimum though the ideal to be honest is creating a pricing page that speaks a little bit about the experience builds a little bit of value and then shows the pricing without making it too long like make sure it's not redundant it doesn't like repeat the home page of your website so we don't need to go too far with it but i do want to give you a couple examples of

of good inspiration from alumni. Okay, so alumni pricing page examples. Again, I should have mentioned this earlier too. Anytime I give examples, please learn, be inspired, make it yours, but don't copy, okay? So here's a good example of Viviana's where it kind of, it mirrors like what she said on her first. I would say like, I like this, ready to elevate your personal brand to the next level. And it says, but first the elephant in the room. I think that's cute. I think it's playful. It's her, have this call to action right there. I mean it.

It has personal branding sessions starting at, and it has more information down there. So starting at, and then clients typically invest between 2,500 to 6,500, okay? So a nice little price range right there. We're not gonna get into details of pricing. You're not gonna include all your packages. You're not gonna include all your a la carte items. None of that. Just the basics, just a range. This one is a cinematography example from Tom. It says, timeless wedding films and photos of your loving moments. And it goes to what does a wedding film cost, right?

And it kind of gives examples. This is a great example shows range It builds some value here and it asks some questions and shows a few extra options So if we click this in I'll just show you guys kind of what it looks like real quick Okay So as we scroll down what is a wedding film cost he gives the idea right here So he's giving them the goods then he has a testimonial and he goes to how it works, right? So one scheduled meeting reserve the date deposit then he goes to a video offer that captures the moments

value most and that looks like a quote which if that is I would include who said it so that way we know but a little more information and he kind of includes like some extra to consider there's not any prices here it's just here's a one-minute highlight teaser trailer and he shows what that looks like a same day edit and he shows what that looks like guest messages I love this this is beautiful it it shows them things to consider without overwhelming them right they get a look at one thing at a time it's a simple list it's beautifully designed all that is really great

Okay, so this is a good example of a pricing page that builds value, right? I'm gonna give you another one. AskAce, simple, it shows multiple collections, provides ranges, and then it asks, or answers good questions, like frequently asked questions. So simple pricing page, and if you want to say, some people are like, I want to say investment, right? If you want to say investment, you can make this say investment, where it goes pricing, and then it could say investment here. Don't put investment.

in the menu, because it doesn't make sense from a user experience standpoint. A lot of people don't understand what that, like photographers know what that means, but clients don't. So just say pricing, because that's what clients understand, right? So custom collection to fit, and by the way, collection is my favorite term for package. It sounds nice, it sounds refined, so I like that term a lot. So it shows my photography collections. Talks about the different experiences, so wedding photography, prices start at, most couples spend, wedding films, prices start at, most couples spend, a couple session. So he has a few different.

sample services there. But what if I want both photo and video? Oh, great, okay, Price has started this, and you click, I want both. Got questions, he does an FAQ. This is great, this is a solid pricing page. Some people ask the question, I always get like, well, don't you feel like it's, what is it? It's bad, it's not upfront to not show your complete pricing. And I'm like, no, it's actually the exact opposite. It's a terrible experience to show pricing. Like.

like your complete price list and people will go that's not transparent though and I go look transparency is telling somebody a range of what to expect that is transparency me dropping a price list on you that's just overwhelming you don't why do I need to give you a price list of things that I don't even know if you're at all interested in right I don't even know if these are services like I could give you my entire price list but 90 of those things you don't want you don't need so what's the point in creating that over

Again, we've used that analogy of going and buying a car many times because it's one that it's familiar to all of us, it's one that we've been annoyed by many times, but imagine you go to a dealership and you're like, I need a price list and the person's like, yeah, our cars kind of range between $15,000 all the way up to $80,000, so there's a big range there. I'm sure we can find something that would be a good fit for you, but why don't you tell me what it is that you're looking for, and you're like, no, I just need a price list.

that doesn't make any sense. Like as a salesperson, I'm here to help you figure out what it is that you're looking for, right? So if I did say, okay, fine, here's our inventory. So I give you our entire sheet of inventory and you're like, I don't know which one of these cars is for me. That is exactly the issue that we create when we show too much on a pricing page, right? So that's not transparency, that's just bad sales. Transparency.

is letting them know what is the expected price range that they can expect to spend with us. It could be more, it could be less, but here's the range. And then letting them, like helping them to find the right product as we meet with them, as we have the conversations. But these are all great examples. There's a lot of good ways to put together pricing pages. These are great examples of it. And now take them, make it your own, okay. Let's do another example. This time, what's a good example?