All right, so your first goal, number one goal, first goal, same thing, and your platform choice. Okay, let's talk about this first. Your number one goal in this process is really, I want you to create a website that fits your brand identity as quickly as possible so that way you can focus in on bigger, more important things, namely your marketing efforts, your sales efforts, your actual taking of pictures. So what I don't want you to do is spend.

a lot of time or money doing custom design work. I'm gonna give you specific things here to avoid. Custom website design, honestly, I would say is expensive. The range of like $2,000 to $5,000 custom design work, in my experience, it does not get you that much further than simply a $100, $150 template, okay? I would rather you use a template. I'd rather use something that is already designed, it's already set up.

and simply make it yours, put your own images, your own content into it versus do custom design work. And I found that in that $2,000 to $5,000 range, honestly, it's hit or miss. Like sometimes you end up with a website that is slightly better than a template. Most of the time you end up with something worse. So why even worry about it? This is not gonna be a deal breaker. If we have a good website, a respectable brand, that is enough. We give our own criteria for this just so you're aware. We don't spend.

We don't spend money, custom money on website design. Sorry, custom money, that doesn't make sense. We don't spend on custom website design until our business has surpassed $250,000 in revenue. Otherwise, we are using a template. There is just no point. And when we get to that place and we're gonna do custom design, we set a budget of at least $10,000 because that's really the place where we start noticing, okay, now there is a difference between custom work and what we're getting there. So I just want you to avoid that. We wanna also avoid heavily modify.

a template, okay? The whole point in choosing a platform, choosing a template, is that you end up with something that is very close to what you want. So if you heavily modify a template, chances are you're probably going to make it worse than what it actually, what it kind of already is. I don't want you also to kind of have this like mindset of like, I'm going to rush to get it done just so I can move on, because there's no such thing as like getting it done. You're going to work on this over time and you're going to want to come back to it.

us rushing the process you're going to end up with something that isn't that great. Again we're going to struggle when it comes to marketing because as we create views those views land on your website, they take a look and they don't convert into actual leads. So I don't want you to rush through this process and at the same time I don't want you to spend weeks trying to get all this perfect either because again there is no such thing as perfect. We're going to continue to improve your website presence, you're going to continue to want to make tweaks over time, what we want to do is get this to the right space and place and then move forward.

forward, come back, and make little adjustments as we need. I also want you to avoid thinking that there's such thing as like an ideal platform. It doesn't exist. The perfect platform, every one of these directions that you go, I promise you will be annoyed, okay? You go WordPress, you're gonna find things that annoy you. You go show it, you're gonna find things that annoy you. You go Squarespace, any one of these directions, you will find things that annoy you. So once you commit to one, stick with it unless, you know, there's just deal breakers along the way. You can't get to a design you want. You can't.

you know, find what it is that you need on that platform, then it's worth considering switching. For the most part, every platform that I give you here is gonna have kind of all the things that you want and need, but again, I'm gonna say this, I want your decision here to be largely guided by the actual template or website, kind of some places call it a template, some places call them themes, whatever it is, I want it to be guided by that. So your decision is largely guided

Simply that platform already having the template or the theme that really is fitting of your brand. Okay. Here's the website platform list. This is not all encompassing. What we've done is kind of list out, I think the 10, nine or 10 most popular and the ones that we know the best. Okay. So at the top, if I were to do this on my own, all right, we have show it and WordPress. This is probably the combination that I would do. Show it basically gives you the option to.

add WordPress along with your kind of monthly subscription. And I think it's a little bit more expensive. It's like probably 35 bucks a month is somewhere around that range. But you get basically ShowIt's website themes, which are beautiful. They work incredibly well. They have a lot of different design options there. There's also a lot of extra themes and different things you can get for ShowIt, which look amazing. It is a little more costly than other routes. And you also get WordPress along with it, which means that you basically get all the features,

SEO that you want because WordPress is going to run the blog side of the business. So you get the nice templates, you get the WordPress blog, it's kind of the best of all the worlds. It is a bit more expensive. The next option that I think is one of the better options is just going with WordPress and I'll mention it's WordPress.org, meaning we're using the plugin WordPress for our own custom installation basically for like a hosting company. This is going to be one of the cheapest options you can go with, okay? You're going to buy a theme, I'll give you examples of where and what to get.

But I'd say that your ease of use drops quite a bit, okay? It's gonna have a bit of a learning curve understanding WordPress. But you get the features, you get the SEO. Once you get things set up, it's fine. It's just you're gonna have a bit of a learning curve when it comes to WordPress. Then we have all the other options. Squarespace, Zenfolio, Pixyset. Honestly, I'd probably end up with Squarespace if I were to choose. So these top three is really where my mind is, but these other platforms offer some decent stuff as well. You'll notice that as we kind of go to some of the other, Webflow.

ease of use is not that great. It's also expensive. Wix, good, but like not as good on like the SEO side. So there's kind of benefits and drawbacks. Me, well, I'll show you where I lean to. If you are tech savvy, if you want all the features, the options, you want the least amount of cost over time, full SEO potential, honestly, wordpress.org is probably the right decision to go with, okay? A little more difficult to set up upfront, but as far as features, SEO, everything you get exactly.

that you want, it's very customizable, even though I don't want you to do too much of that. But I'm talking more about like website features, not like design stuff. Okay, if we want simple and streamlined, I'm just gonna go show it. I'm gonna go show it, I'd probably use the, I think I missed my number here, it's supposed to be eight out of 10. But look, show it has, oh, I remember why. I dropped it a little bit because I would combo with show it in WordPress. You do have to learn a little bit of WordPress during this route, but it doesn't make.

much sense to only do ShowIt because you kind of want to have a blog functionality. You want the ability to add those things. So anyway, very simple, easy to set up, great features. This is probably the direction that I'm going to go if I want something just simple and easy to use. And truthfully, if you ask me right now, even though I am tech savvy, I probably would honestly just go with ShowIt and WordPress. That is the route that I would go. Their stuff is fantastic and I'm not paid to say anything.

that. Squarespace is decent as well, can't really go wrong, but those are the two that I would really lean towards. Either WordPress, if I'm going to do everything ground up, or if I want design done for me and make it a little more simple, I'm going to go show it in WordPress. So again, when choosing, understand that you'll be annoyed. You'll find things that are annoying, but just make sure that number one, the design, the themes, they actually fit your brand. That's really the guiding force in this entire process. Otherwise, what's the point? Okay. You might as well do a custom.

WordPress website if we're not utilizing the themes, the website builders that come already good to go in these platforms. We also want SEO-ready code base. Most of these platforms will do this, so that's not really an issue anymore. But responsive design is a big deal. I've noticed that some of these platforms, they all say they give responsive design, but show it's like they actually look good. And same thing with themes that you might get for WordPress. It might say on the theme that it

It's enabled with responsive design. But make sure that you test it. Make sure it actually looks good because that can be a big miss. And when a lot of our traffic is gonna be coming from mobile, that's a big deal, okay? We wanna make sure that it has a content management system. This is basically your blog. You wanna make sure that when you're choosing, it has an easy menu and navigation system, an easy way to add pages and resources. And the last thing I'm gonna mention here is we're not talking about WordPress.com. And let me just show this because there was quite a few.

questions on this over this past year or so. So wordpress.com and that's why I say wordpress.org. Okay so let me just go ahead and bring this over. You don't need to dive into any of the details here. I'm not going to go into where I'm just going to say this wordpress.com is very much like a Squarespace. So basically it's uh you're hosting with them, you're choosing from their templates, you're utilizing kind of WordPress on the back end, but you're really buying into a Squarespace type product. Whereas wordpress.com

this is the plugin for WordPress, meaning like what you're doing is you're downloading WordPress and installing it into your own hosting solution, okay? Now you don't need to download it here and install it because most platforms, WordPress is such a popular content management system that most platforms have it automatically built in. So if you use GoDaddy, if you use Bluehost, if you use any of these popular hosting companies, then you'll notice that they have.

WordPress installations already built in. I just want you to understand the distinction between these. We're not talking about WordPress.com. I'd honestly say that this is a less kind of good version of Squarespace. There are areas, there are things about it that make it more powerful. Like it has a good website builder, but again, I don't want you to build a website. I forgot where the website, there it is, website builder. I don't want you to build a website. This is like, again, spending time doing things that we really shouldn't have to be.

worrying about. Okay let's go jump back here for one second. I think we covered everything in terms of kind of the platform choice what kind of to avoid. Let's go ahead and jump to the next lesson.