Here's another one, this is Viviana's headshot brand. This is logo left, menu right. All of these are good examples. That's it, very simple on the menu. The next piece that your landing page needs to have is the header or the hero. This is above your fold. Above the fold means it's above a page scroll. So when I land there, I don't need to scroll to be able to see what's going on, right? We want it above the fold. It's ideal if it includes your clarified message and a call to action. And my preference.

is that this is not too vertically tall. This is not a deal breaker. I just personally don't like it. I don't like it when that header image basically takes up the entire page on desktop. I know sometimes as artists, we wanna showcase that. If that's a big deal to you, okay, but I would rather them be able to see content below that before they start scrolling. I think it's a better user experience. I think it gets them into the body of the website and it.

it leaves them like knowing what to do next as opposed to seeing a giant image. Sometimes people don't know that they should continue scrolling or that there's something below that because that's all they see, right? The other thing I don't necessarily like in a header is I don't necessarily like sliders. The reason why, again, is this a deal breaker? No, the reason why though is because I do like my clarified message to go right in the middle of this. If you wanna place it below, that's fine. I'm gonna show you examples of that and examples of it done well. But I do like my.

clarified message right there. When you use a slider, every image that you choose not only has to be good and has to be the right image, but it also has to work with the text. Oftentimes the image that you choose doesn't work with the text. There's a white area here, a dark area here, and it makes the clarified message difficult to read. So just giving you my thoughts there in terms of keeping it simple. So let's go through some examples, right? So again, going back to Tom's, this is his cinematography brand, Timeless Wedding Films and Photos of Your Loving Moment.

he does have a video playing here. Granted, the text is usually pretty easy to read as that video's playing. And for all these alumni examples, please, if you're alumni, I didn't choose yours. It doesn't mean that you didn't qualify. I just didn't wanna have so many examples. But you can click on any of the alumni's websites to see that example in practice, okay? The image here, so for Unveil by Stephanie, this one, I have a link just to her work because this is a mock-up that I created, right?

but the still is right here and it includes the clarified message and the call to action right there above the fold. I like there being a call to action so that way people that are ready to go, they can reach out to you right there and then, okay? Here's Tom's. So, Mott Photography, look at his. His is Ben Wedding Photographer, so he actually has his SEO statement first. Honestly, I prefer the SEO statement second and I'll kind of talk about this, but the clarified message is just below. So, he does have an image.

kind of a slider sequence where it shows images and he just wants to feature those and that's fine. If this is a big thing to you, I'm not gonna fight you on it because it's not a deal breaker, okay? But we do need to make sure that that clarified message is above the fold. Ideally, I like it above the SEO statement and then I like the SEO statement to be right below. So I'd rather that be the second piece. Okay, here's Viviana's again with the single still image, the clarified message and this is how I like it to be is the SEO statement to be below.

the clarified message, okay? All right, the next piece is your website will need kind of a core message section. This goes below the hero. Again, if the vertical image, sorry, if the image for the hero isn't too tall vertically, then this will be above the fold, and that's what I like. I like to be able to see it before I start scrolling, right? But it's a simple SEO-ready message that kind of can either expand your clarified message, maybe it talks about you.

gives some sort of special sauce, it's unique, maybe it talks about your experience. There's a lot of things that we can put here. I just wrote, it can be an expanding of your clarified message, talk about the experience, what you do for your clients, or it can be about you. These are two solid options, but they're not your only options. But that's the section right below. So examples of this, this was Tom's again, if we scroll down a little bit, it shows a friend with a camera. And he writes a little bit, what drives me is the opportunity to capture the loving moments you share. Like a friend.

just happens to have a camera. I love that kind of kind of expands on the clarified message and really talks about what type of experience and how he wants his clients to feel about him as the artist, right? And then his call to action is to reach out. Stephanie's, this was just the template version of it. So it would be an introduction to her as the artist. It probably makes sense to put more about Stephanie as the call to action here since the section is, hey, I'm Stephanie, let me introduce myself. So more about me would be, it would make sense as a.

call to action. Here's Tom's for Mott Photography, right? We scroll down and his is basically kind of another section says elite wedding and family photography since 2015, contact me today, has two beautiful images, and he kind of expands a little bit. He says for adventurous hearts, authentic emotions, and unforgettable memories. This is different, it deviates a little bit from what I mentioned, but there's nothing wrong with it. This is okay, right? It's part of, again, if we think of the website being the salesperson, it's the salesperson maybe expanding a little bit on the clarified message, showing.

a contact a simple statement right and that totally works. Okay here is Viviana's you scroll down a little bit and this is really expanding the clarified message into kind of what it is that she does for her clients. Are you ready to elevate your personal brand. The most relevant link here called action will be to book your session right because that kind of ties to exactly what they're there to do and she speaks a little more about that. All of these are great examples. The next piece that we need.

need, step four is going to be social proof. So what we want is throughout the homepage, we want to pepper some accolades, some testimonials, want to offer social proof basically. And if you don't have accolades, that's fine. Testimonials are honestly the most impactful thing. Accolades are helpful as well. Reviews, showing numbers, those are helpful too. If you have fun statistics, well, I'm going to give you examples of these, okay? So here's from our previous website. This is one of my favorite sections that my partner's removed, but anyway, it was featuring interesting stats. So here's one of my favorite sections that my partner's removed, but anyway, it was

that's used as elements of social proof. So like featured in, and we listed out the magazines, all the publications, companies, like relevant companies that we work with. And then I love this section. This is in the well, way above by now, but anyway. Weddings and events at 1.5,000, five-star reviews, publication features, moments captured. I think that stuff is so cool. It's such a cool and easy way to interpret the level of experience that you might have, right? So statistics are great if you have numbers so you can both.

Otherwise, like why not showcase something like this? So this is on Mott Photography on Tom's website where it says 100% five star reviews, 95 and counting. That is huge, better review rating than we have. That is amazing and that's worth showcasing. What I generally say here and I told Tom the same thing is don't like show the, like if it's on Yelp, don't take a screenshot of Yelp and put it in your website. It looks gross, okay? It doesn't look like it fits. What I say is.

is put the reviews and then have a link that might go to another page on your website where you show more and maybe even on that page you could link to Yelp if you wanted to showcase them there. But I don't want you to link to Yelp on your website or link to Google from here so they can read more because we want to keep them on your website. Once they're there we want to keep them there and we want this to look fitting on your site. Plus you can showcase those reviews as well as they're scrolling. So there's plenty of examples of how to do this like the written out testimonials, the stars.

as the statistics. All of those are social proof that want to kind of pepper throughout the page. OK. They make for great section dividers. Step five. We want to talk about the experience. We want to show a place where potential clients can learn what to expect basically from what it is that you do. I don't want this to get in the nitty gritty. I want it to be kind of well step one is this. Step two is this. Step three is you know that the reveal whatever it might be. But talk about that experience a little bit.

Now for the template, uh, the Delphine Rose template, it had this section right here, and it's not specifically designed as like your experience. It has like an element, like a link that you can click here to go to the experience. What I want you to recognize too, is when you get a template, you could easily turn the portfolio, the experience, read my journal. You can turn this into step one. This is like the booking step two. This is the shoot step three. This is the design process, right? You can easily change a section like this on the temp on a template to be whatever.