Okay, big question, what exactly is good website design? There's kind of two things that I want this lesson to really cover. Number one, I wanna help you to choose the right template, the right theme, right off the bat. So that's kind of the first and biggest thing. And I also want you to know what goes inside of it, okay? So choosing the right theme is the first step that we're here to cover, and then understanding what's gonna go into your website is gonna be the second step.

Before we get to this, I wanna do a little bit of a setup. So I need you to understand that depending on the study, these results can be a little bit all over the place. But in general, a person's gonna spend less than 45 seconds on your website. Honestly, depending on where they're coming from, the truth is really more like it's gonna be between 10 to 20 seconds. That's how much time they're gonna spend there. And the realization here that I need you to have is that you've got 10 to 20 seconds to basically make sure.

that the imagery that you showcase resonates with them, that the design itself resonates with your audience, that you communicate your clarified message, that you help build credibility, that you provide relevant information, and that you have a call to action to show them what's next. All of these things have to be accomplished within a very short period of time because people don't have the attention span to sit there and try to sift through a website that's difficult to understand, okay? Now, before you say this, because I've heard this so many.

times and it's a it's an insane thought to me I hear but Pi nobody looks at websites anymore do I really need a website like shouldn't I just be doing this all on social media look you can build a brand on social media okay I've seen plenty of photographers do it but unless you start reaching millions of people following right you simply can't command kind of price respect like you and and you don't have a

place that's a permanent home for basically your network, for your clients to be able to visit, for people to organically find you. So building a business purely on social media is an absolute grind, number one. Number two, it doesn't really look professional to be taking bookings directly from there. Number three, it's gonna really limit the amount that you can charge because it doesn't look like a luxury brand at that point. It kind of looks, it doesn't look fully established, right? Number four.

you're gonna live and die by these platforms. So if something changes on those platforms, you're screwed, your audience, it's not yours, you're renting it, right? The other big thing here that I want you to recognize is when was the last time you made a high ticket, a luxury purchase, without actually doing a bit of research? Without actually saying, okay, you might have found them on social media, but before you spend money, you take a look at their website.

Before you actually go further, you see what they're posting on Facebook. Oh, they have something on YouTube, you check that out too. We all do a bit of research into the things that we spend money on, especially when that's a good amount of money. Your website is one of the best places for this. Most consumers, they might find you on social media, but they're going to look at your website. And so yes, it is still important. Plus, when we build our marketing strategy, it's gonna be a top-down strategy that begins with the website. Because search from.

search engines and from AI search is still a very relevant and useful thing. And we can't take advantage of that without actually having the website. So I hope this kind of answers the question. Like, do you need one? Yes, you need to have a well-designed website. This is going to be important. And I don't know that this is ever going to change, uh, until there's a better thing than basically a website to represent your company. I don't know what that thing would be. So the, the entire point of all of this understanding that someone's going to be on your site for such a short period.

at understanding that they're gonna do some research before they make the purchases is for you to know that every word and every pixel on your website, it matters, okay? And what doesn't add to your overall experience, it takes from it. That's a really important concept. If it doesn't add to your experience, it takes from it. Meaning there's no such thing as neutral. We think, oh, if I put this thing up there and someone doesn't really care about it, not a big deal. They'll just keep scrolling to the next thing.

No, if it doesn't add, it literally is taking away. It's pushing people away even, okay? And that's one of the things I say to people right now before people come into like a coaching program like this, I literally tell them, right now you have images, you have content, you have words, you have copy, you have things on your website that are literally pushing people away from you. So the idea, what doesn't add, takes. All right, your website's responsibility, I want you to think of it as kind of the very first.

first salesperson okay that your clients are going to meet so and when we say website I'm kind of saying like not just your website but like your online presence but what we're here to do is specifically your website but from your Instagram page to like the way that you link out to your website to them landing on your website all of this is basically the first salesperson that your clients going to meet right so we wanted to cover that we want each section which is roughly each page scroll to basically have a link that goes to the most relevant call to action

We also want each section of the website to basically become a guide, kind of like the same way a salesperson would. Like the first thing that a salesperson might say if you were to come in to, let's say, buy a car for me. The first thing that I might say is, well, what type of car would you be looking for? Like, what do we want to do with this car, right? This is where we're really identifying who we're talking to. What is the audience? Now, that is what your clarified message does. When someone comes in...

and your clarified message, that thing that goes right at the top, it defines exactly what it is that you're selling, kind of who it's for, right? Then you might ask a little bit more questions about them. Okay, so what do we want this, how do you wanna feel inside of this car? Are we driving this around every single day? The website is gonna do the same thing just from a photography perspective. So you would start answering questions that they might be asking, or that questions that you would want to ask of them. Have you thought about this when it comes to your wedding photography?

Why consider a boudoir experience? All of these questions we want the website to kind of work through just as if it's a salesperson speaking to them in that experience. I know this is a bit intangible, kind of theoretical. I'm going to make it concrete. So let's actually go into the website and homepage coach. I built this section out to give you real concrete examples of what this would look like. By all means, this is not like, this is not, there are a number of ways.

that you can go about doing this correctly. I just wanna give you examples of it. So step one on your website, like if we're talking about your landing page, your homepage to your website, right? We have your menu, it needs to be simple, intuitive, easy to modify and follows common UX principles. What this means is that we're trained psychologically to have seen thousands of websites and so we have certain expectations for user experience, okay?

Some of those expectations are a logo on the left, the menu on the right. Sometimes the logo's in the center, the menu's surrounding it. Sometimes the logo's in the center, the menu's below. But in either case, when we look at the website, we generally expect branding on the left, or logo on the menu on the right, or these types of common formats. That's user experience principles, okay? It's following things that people are already trained to use. I don't like it when your website breaks those things. It just makes it.

more difficult for someone to use. It creates friction. So that's the first thing. We need a menu that's simple, intuitive. I'm giving this example, by the way, and it's also linked up in your workbooks. It's the Delphine Rose WordPress template. So if you click it, it'll take you to Creative Market. That specifically is a WordPress template, but it kind of is our template example, okay? Menu must-haves, meaning when you launch your business, all you really need is portfolio, pricing, and a method to contact you, the about page, the blog. Yes.

you need pricing, I'm putting a star next to it because this is literally the most clicked page on your website, so we wanna have it and we want it to say pricing. And then on that page, we wanna build value, we'll talk about it. We're gonna build value, show where your prices start, what clients typically spend, and then have a method to contact you right there on that page, ideally, or link to the contact form, okay? So just look at website, sorry, let's just look at your menu examples first. So for Tom.

Momentum, he has logo left, menu right, perfect, all right. We have, this is an example for Stephanie's Boudoir brand that I actually just built. I built a mock-up. I'm gonna show you guys how to do that in a bit. But basically this is a mock-up with a template that does logo center, menu directly below. That's fine too, okay. Here's Tom, MOT Photography, center logo at the top, menus at the left and right. That's okay too, easy to follow, right?

Here's another one, this is Viviana's headshot brand. This is logo left, menu right. All of these are good examples. That's it, very simple on the menu. The next piece that your landing page needs to have is the header or the hero. This is above your fold. Above the fold means it's above a page scroll. So when I land there, I don't need to scroll to be able to see what's going on, right? We want it above the fold. It's ideal if it includes your clarified message and a call to action. And my preference.

is that this is not too vertically tall. This is not a deal breaker. I just personally don't like it. I don't like it when that header image basically takes up the entire page on desktop. I know sometimes as artists, we wanna showcase that. If that's a big deal to you, okay, but I would rather them be able to see content below that before they start scrolling. I think it's a better user experience. I think it gets them into the body of the website and it.

it leaves them like knowing what to do next as opposed to seeing a giant image. Sometimes people don't know that they should continue scrolling or that there's something below that because that's all they see, right? The other thing I don't necessarily like in a header is I don't necessarily like sliders. The reason why, again, is this a deal breaker? No, the reason why though is because I do like my clarified message to go right in the middle of this. If you wanna place it below, that's fine. I'm gonna show you examples of that and examples of it done well. But I do like my.

clarified message right there. When you use a slider, every image that you choose not only has to be good and has to be the right image, but it also has to work with the text. Oftentimes the image that you choose doesn't work with the text. There's a white area here, a dark area here, and it makes the clarified message difficult to read. So just giving you my thoughts there in terms of keeping it simple. So let's go through some examples, right? So again, going back to Tom's, this is his cinematography brand, Timeless Wedding Films and Photos of Your Loving Moment.

he does have a video playing here. Granted, the text is usually pretty easy to read as that video's playing. And for all these alumni examples, please, if you're alumni, I didn't choose yours. It doesn't mean that you didn't qualify. I just didn't wanna have so many examples. But you can click on any of the alumni's websites to see that example in practice, okay? The image here, so for Unveil by Stephanie, this one, I have a link just to her work because this is a mock-up that I created, right?

but the still is right here and it includes the clarified message and the call to action right there above the fold. I like there being a call to action so that way people that are ready to go, they can reach out to you right there and then, okay? Here's Tom's. So, Mott Photography, look at his. His is Ben Wedding Photographer, so he actually has his SEO statement first. Honestly, I prefer the SEO statement second and I'll kind of talk about this, but the clarified message is just below. So, he does have an image.

kind of a slider sequence where it shows images and he just wants to feature those and that's fine. If this is a big thing to you, I'm not gonna fight you on it because it's not a deal breaker, okay? But we do need to make sure that that clarified message is above the fold. Ideally, I like it above the SEO statement and then I like the SEO statement to be right below. So I'd rather that be the second piece. Okay, here's Viviana's again with the single still image, the clarified message and this is how I like it to be is the SEO statement to be below.

the clarified message, okay? All right, the next piece is your website will need kind of a core message section. This goes below the hero. Again, if the vertical image, sorry, if the image for the hero isn't too tall vertically, then this will be above the fold, and that's what I like. I like to be able to see it before I start scrolling, right? But it's a simple SEO-ready message that kind of can either expand your clarified message, maybe it talks about you.

gives some sort of special sauce, it's unique, maybe it talks about your experience. There's a lot of things that we can put here. I just wrote, it can be an expanding of your clarified message, talk about the experience, what you do for your clients, or it can be about you. These are two solid options, but they're not your only options. But that's the section right below. So examples of this, this was Tom's again, if we scroll down a little bit, it shows a friend with a camera. And he writes a little bit, what drives me is the opportunity to capture the loving moments you share. Like a friend.

just happens to have a camera. I love that kind of kind of expands on the clarified message and really talks about what type of experience and how he wants his clients to feel about him as the artist, right? And then his call to action is to reach out. Stephanie's, this was just the template version of it. So it would be an introduction to her as the artist. It probably makes sense to put more about Stephanie as the call to action here since the section is, hey, I'm Stephanie, let me introduce myself. So more about me would be, it would make sense as a.

call to action. Here's Tom's for Mott Photography, right? We scroll down and his is basically kind of another section says elite wedding and family photography since 2015, contact me today, has two beautiful images, and he kind of expands a little bit. He says for adventurous hearts, authentic emotions, and unforgettable memories. This is different, it deviates a little bit from what I mentioned, but there's nothing wrong with it. This is okay, right? It's part of, again, if we think of the website being the salesperson, it's the salesperson maybe expanding a little bit on the clarified message, showing.

a contact a simple statement right and that totally works. Okay here is Viviana's you scroll down a little bit and this is really expanding the clarified message into kind of what it is that she does for her clients. Are you ready to elevate your personal brand. The most relevant link here called action will be to book your session right because that kind of ties to exactly what they're there to do and she speaks a little more about that. All of these are great examples. The next piece that we need.

need, step four is going to be social proof. So what we want is throughout the homepage, we want to pepper some accolades, some testimonials, want to offer social proof basically. And if you don't have accolades, that's fine. Testimonials are honestly the most impactful thing. Accolades are helpful as well. Reviews, showing numbers, those are helpful too. If you have fun statistics, well, I'm going to give you examples of these, okay? So here's from our previous website. This is one of my favorite sections that my partner's removed, but anyway, it was featuring interesting stats. So here's one of my favorite sections that my partner's removed, but anyway, it was

that's used as elements of social proof. So like featured in, and we listed out the magazines, all the publications, companies, like relevant companies that we work with. And then I love this section. This is in the well, way above by now, but anyway. Weddings and events at 1.5,000, five-star reviews, publication features, moments captured. I think that stuff is so cool. It's such a cool and easy way to interpret the level of experience that you might have, right? So statistics are great if you have numbers so you can both.

Otherwise, like why not showcase something like this? So this is on Mott Photography on Tom's website where it says 100% five star reviews, 95 and counting. That is huge, better review rating than we have. That is amazing and that's worth showcasing. What I generally say here and I told Tom the same thing is don't like show the, like if it's on Yelp, don't take a screenshot of Yelp and put it in your website. It looks gross, okay? It doesn't look like it fits. What I say is.

is put the reviews and then have a link that might go to another page on your website where you show more and maybe even on that page you could link to Yelp if you wanted to showcase them there. But I don't want you to link to Yelp on your website or link to Google from here so they can read more because we want to keep them on your website. Once they're there we want to keep them there and we want this to look fitting on your site. Plus you can showcase those reviews as well as they're scrolling. So there's plenty of examples of how to do this like the written out testimonials, the stars.

as the statistics. All of those are social proof that want to kind of pepper throughout the page. OK. They make for great section dividers. Step five. We want to talk about the experience. We want to show a place where potential clients can learn what to expect basically from what it is that you do. I don't want this to get in the nitty gritty. I want it to be kind of well step one is this. Step two is this. Step three is you know that the reveal whatever it might be. But talk about that experience a little bit.

Now for the template, uh, the Delphine Rose template, it had this section right here, and it's not specifically designed as like your experience. It has like an element, like a link that you can click here to go to the experience. What I want you to recognize too, is when you get a template, you could easily turn the portfolio, the experience, read my journal. You can turn this into step one. This is like the booking step two. This is the shoot step three. This is the design process, right? You can easily change a section like this on the temp on a template to be whatever.

you need it to be without with it still looking good and still be fitting. So just keep that in mind. But let me give you some examples of what that section might look like on a homepage, right? So if we look here, this one is from Tom's. This gives kind of like this visual timeline of Tom's client experience. So one, scheduled meeting, two, pre-wedding contact, three, the wedding day, four, post-wedding, five, you enjoy, okay? Whatever you, I wouldn't recommend, by the way, more than five steps on this process. But this.

This totally works. Let's just check and see if there's any questions that, okay, clear on this, okay. There is a great question in terms of, Stephanie posted while we were live. She said, in terms of the preference for the clarified message versus the SEO statement, you want your SEO location as your H1. What she means in that, when we look at this, is that the H1 is the first heading on your website versus the second heading on the website. You're not wrong, Stephanie.

standpoint sure that would be technically ideal from an SEO standpoint. Here's the thing is that those rules on H1 versus H2 are a bit dated. OK. All of these search engines are utilizing a lot of AI functionality and a lot of advanced search features. And what they're emphasizing now is readability and basically user experience. They want to make sure the person on your website is is staying there is finding what they need.

that is far more relevant. So putting one of your, like putting an SEO statement as your right below your main header, it doesn't break anything. And the little tiny trade-off there in terms of like, okay, well, it's ideal for SEO if we put it as the main thing, the little tiny trade-off is a better user experience, which to me matters far more. Because believe me, a search engine can do just fine figuring out where you're located and what you do.

if it's the second line instead of the first line. So I'd rather design for the user experience, which is a much more kind of long-term strategy as opposed to like these little SEO tricks. I'm not a huge fan of, I like SEO optimization. I don't like little tricks like that because it kind of assumes the search engine isn't smart enough to figure it out. And we're way past that. Okay, that was a great question though. Let me go ahead and just jump back to where we were. So right here, that visual timeline.

And so this is our section on kind of the experience itself, right? Step six, the about me. I really want you to, on your landing page, to humanize your brand. This is gonna be such a big thing, especially as we push forward into more and more AI, more and more automation. I need this to be a personal brand. It needs to be about you. This is one of the things that's gonna hugely differentiate you from other photographers, is that you humanize your brand. So you want a section on the landing page that kind of introduces yourself

has more, it doesn't make sense. This is the template. It says, let's chat. You'll wanna change that to like more about me, right? Where it goes into a page that is about you. So the call to action should be about me if we're gonna have this section on there. So examples of this on the landing page. So a glimpse, this is Askey's, this is meet the photographer and it has like a little get to know me link right there. Examples going back to Tom's. I love this one because it's a visual representation. Things I love, my worst fears. It's such a great.

way to learn a lot about Tom to get a feel for his personality before I ever have to like even do any reading. I just look at this and I'm like oh that's so cool and then I want to get to know him better right. I feel connected to him and and that's what we want. We want the the viewer to feel connected to you before they ever talk to you. All right let's keep going. Let's see here step seven. Your landing page should also have a section for resources and case studies and like I said we could turn this section of a template into the

that. So it could say like, you know, we could add a little header here that says resources or we could say case studies, or we could say, you know, a couple's name in these slots, but we want to basically provide some examples, something there for them to click and kind of learn more about us. All right. So an example, there's a number of ways to do this. This was from Mott Photographies. This is Tom's. It was a simple section divider that just had a link to resources. One of the other reasons that we want this, is a powerful and useful SEO strategy is that if

there's any important pages on your website, which these resource pages, they are important. We need it to be linked from the homepage. So we want links that go out to those resource pages from the homepage, okay? Here's another example. So this is using a resource to kind of like section to feature real love stories. This comes from Timothy Irick's page, another alumni. So real love stories, and he features these three. Look at how similar this is, right? This could also be experience. This could also be, you can.

Use the same section in different ways. And that's what I want you to be able to see from these examples. Okay. Let's go on to step eight. The next thing is make sure you do a responsive design check. You're doing this before you ever buy a template as well. Make sure that you test the template. You generally have an ability to preview. So if I were to open up this Delphine Rose template, you'll see that this is a WordPress template. So for WordPress, it uses Elementor. There's a few different types of WordPress.

kind of design methods. One is Elementor, one is Divi. They're just different platforms they use to kind of create the website inside of WordPress, okay? There's not a better or worse, or I mean, pros and cons to each. But anyway, what I want you to check is this live preview. That's why we're here. Check the live preview. I want you to take the window, take this link, put it onto your phone. You can shrink the window down. I just find.

Shrinking it down to look at responsive design isn't quite the same as like actually looking at it in your phone. So before you ever buy a theme, before you ever go with a template, just do that quick test to make sure that it's actually responsive. So that's what responsive design is. It's the ability to basically, if I expand, if I shrink this down, so let's say someone's looking at this on an iPad, this is what it might look like. And the menu still is easy to find, uses good principles. If I'm on an iPhone, then it might look like this, or on any mobile.

device, right? That's responsive design. Depending on the size of the window, the the design will essentially change automatically to look decent regardless of where they're coming in from, okay? So just make sure you test it on desktop and also on mobile and you'll be good to go. Also make sure when we get to the place and you're actually adding your own features in, you'll want to test it then too because sometimes the things that you add can potentially break it. Now I made a little mistake here. This is one slide that I forgot to update.

So I have a checklist and what I'll do is I'll update the checklist. So in your workbook, you'll see the complete checklist It'll have every step that we kind of mentioned in a little guide on there to kind of work through So when choosing that theme or design you want to make sure it fits basically each item on this checklist Okay, and remember once the website is done All right If your website design is good The whole purpose here is to get your brand to a place where people respect it We we talked about

this in a lecture conversation that we did just a bit earlier where what does it mean to have brand respect? Well it's a spectrum, okay, but essentially the idea is when someone sees our brand they see us as professional, they see us as established. It doesn't look like a fly-by-night business. We don't look like the taco stand on the corner that's there sometimes and that's not there other times. We look like an established business that's there to stay, that there's intention behind what we've created. Now, your first website...

is by no means gonna be your last. Once we have a brand worth respecting, then we have this sliding scale, like, well, how far do we wanna keep improving it? How far do we wanna make it better? And what I say is, make those improvements over time. But once your website design is good, once your brand is there, it meets the basic criteria, it's good, it's worth respecting, we look legitimate, then that's no longer your biggest bottleneck. That's no longer your.

or biggest constraint that's holding you back. So I want you to move towards other areas of the business that are gonna move the needle rather than try to make little tiny improvements. So essentially what I'm saying is get your website to 80%, to 90%. Because going from 80% to 100%, going from zero to 80% you can do in maybe two to four weeks, okay? Zero to 80%. Going from 80% to 100% might take you six months. And the improvement.

you're gonna see with the amount of time that goes into it is just not that dramatic compared to getting it to 80% and then working on actual, well, let's generate more leads now, let's go to the marketing side. So that's the advice and thoughts that I would give you. Again, the entire point of this section was so that you understand good website design, what should go into the website, what it means for your website to sell on its own and to give you examples of that. Don't worry, we're gonna continue, I'm gonna give you concrete guidance as we go through the rest of.

of these lessons. All right, let's jump to it now.