I wanted to give you all now a few quick examples of what good pages look like. And I'm gonna just give you some specific pages, some of the more important pages. One of the most important, that's not your landing page of your website, your home page of your website, is your pricing page, right? So again, yes, you need it. It's gonna be the most clicked page on your website. It's critical habit, it's amazing place to show value, all of that. We know that. So I'll skip over that piece. At a minimum, really, if we're talking.

like what is the minimum I need to put on my pricing page that's what MVP minimum viable product minimum viable pricing page minimum viable page hey it works a number of ways so at a minimum we need our starting price which is basically your minimum viable product boy there's a lot of MVPs now and a typical spend so it's that phrase that we've talked about a little bit earlier in the program that you probably heard me say a lot that phrase that goes like well our packages and my clients typically spend around this right and then you have the call to

the action of let's chat, let's get a quote. That's the minimum though. The ideal, to be honest, is creating a pricing page that speaks a little bit about the experience, builds a little bit of value, and then shows the pricing without making it too long, like make sure it's not redundant, it doesn't like repeat the homepage of your website. So we don't need to go too far with it, but I do wanna give you a couple examples of good inspiration from alumni, okay? So alumni pricing page examples, again, I should have mentioned this earlier too.

Any time I give examples, please learn, be inspired, make it yours, but don't copy, okay? So here's a good example of Viviana's, where it kind of, it mirrors what she said on her first, I would say like, I like this, ready to elevate your personal brand to the next level, and it says, but first, the elephant in the room, I think that's cute, I think it's playful, it's her, have this call to action right there, and then it has personal branding sessions starting at, and it has more information down there. So starting at, and then clients typically invest between 2,500.

is 6,500, okay, so a nice little price range right there. We're not gonna get into details of pricing, you're not gonna include all your packages, you're not gonna include all your a la carte items, none of that, just the basics, just a range. This one is a cinematography example from Tom. It says, timeless wedding films and photos of your loving moments, and it goes to what does a wedding film cost, right? And it kind of gives examples. This is a great example, shows range, it builds some value here, and it asks some questions and shows a few extra.

options. So if we click this in, I'll just show you guys kind of what it looks like real quick. Okay. So as we scroll down, what does a wedding film cost? He gives the idea right here. So he's giving them the goods. Then he has a testimonial and he goes to how it works, right? So one scheduled meeting, reserve the date, deposit. Then he goes to a video offer that captures the moments you value most. And that looks like a quote, which if that is, I would include who said it. So that way we'd know, but a little more information and he kind of.

includes like some extras to consider. There's not any prices here, it's just here's a one minute highlight trailer and he shows what that looks like. A same day edit and he shows what that looks like. Guest messages, I love this. This is beautiful. It shows them things to consider without overwhelming them, right? They get to look at one thing at a time. It's a simple list, it's beautifully designed. All of that is really great, okay? So this is a good example of a pricing page that builds value, right? I'm gonna give you another one.

AskAce, simple, it shows multiple collections, provides ranges, and then it asks, or answers good questions, like frequently asked questions. So simple, pricing page, and if you wanna say, some people are like, I wanna say investment, right? If you wanna say investment, you can make this say investment, where it goes pricing, and then it could say investment here. Don't put investment in the menu, because it doesn't make sense from a user experience standpoint. A lot of people don't understand what that, like photographers know what that means, but clients.

Oh, so just say pricing, because that's what clients understand, right? So custom collection to fit, and by the way, collection is my favorite term for package. It sounds nice, it sounds refined, so I like that term a lot. So it shows my photography collections, talks about the different experiences, so wedding photography, prices start at, most couples spend, wedding films, prices start at, most couples spend, a couple session. So he has a few different sample services there. But what if I want both photo and video? Oh, great, okay, prices start at this, and you click, I want both.

Got questions, he does an FAQ. This is great, this is a solid pricing page. Some people ask the question, I always get like, well, don't you feel like it's, what is it? It's bad, it's not upfront to not show your complete pricing. And I'm like, no, it's actually the exact opposite. It's a terrible experience to show pricing like your complete price list. And people will go, that's not transparent though. And I go, look, transparency is telling.

a range of what to expect. That is transparency. Me dropping a price list on you, that's just overwhelm. You don't, why do I need to give you a price list of things that I don't even know if you're at all interested in, right? I don't even know if these are services like I could give you my entire price list but 90% of those things you don't want, you don't need, so what's the point in creating that overwhelm? It's, it's again, we've used that analogy of going and buying a car many times because it's one that it's, it's familiar to all of us, it's one that's familiar to all of us.

that we've been annoyed by many times, but imagine you go to a dealership and you're like, I need a price list, and the person's like, yeah, let me, you know, our cars kind of range between like, you know, 15 all the way up to like $80,000, so there's a big range there, and I'm sure we can find something that'd be a good fit for you, but why don't you tell me what it is that you're looking for, right? And you're like, no, I just need a price list. That doesn't make any sense. Like, as a salesperson, I'm here to help you figure out what it is that you're looking for, right?

So if I did say, okay, fine, here's our inventory. So I give you our entire sheet of inventory and you're like, I don't know which one of these cars is for me. That, that is exactly the, the issue that we create when we show too much on our pricing page. Right? So that's not transparency. That's just bad sales. Transparency is letting them know what is the expected price range that they can expect to spend with us. It could be more, um, it could be less.

but here's the range, and then letting them, like helping them to find the right product as we meet with them, as we have the conversations. But these are all great examples. There's a lot of good ways to put together pricing pages. These are great examples of it. And now take them, make it your own, okay.