value, now you've tied a kind of like different aspects of the day, the shoot, whatever it is that we're talking about, you start getting an idea of which package, which collection, which service would be a good fit for them. And this is when you just simply present the solution and how it fits their need. Right. So it's, it's really quite simple in the process of presenting the.

all you're gonna do is reiterate, you know, why you're making that decision. Like, this is why I feel like it fits this. I think it's something you'd appreciate. You know, it's gonna result in the exact images that they value. So along the way that you're doing this, you're basically just parroting back to them using the language that they've used so that it kind of is something they can relate to.

and resonate with and again always acting as their advocate right so this is really for the most part going to be your words but i'm going to give you a bit of an idea of what this would look like you might start with something like based on what you've shared with me i think that this collection is what i feel would be perfect for you because it's

to allow us to do this while also capturing this and also doing this. Now if you're IPS, right, because that sounds more like an upfront model. If you're IPS and you're going to sell on the reveal, you say, based on what you shared with me, honestly, I feel like you're going to love getting the album.

maybe even a few prints in the home. That's the collection I think will make the most sense. That being said, we don't have to make that decision right now. We'll actually do that process in the reveal. You can choose and we can always adjust, but just from what you've explained with me, I think you'd appreciate those items.

then you kind of feel it out like is that Would you guys like to have the album has got kind of what you're thinking is album and maybe some wall art See where they're at right and then immediately we start moving basically to the close So what we're doing in the IPS version of that is just giving them an idea of what we think would be good because they're gonna choose

in the collection itself right they're going to choose when they when you do the reveal and that the collection can always change so now it's this value-based close and we're going to go specifically to the close right and with this it becomes so easy when when a client sees that you're bringing them that you know

not only are offering a valuable service, but that it's tied to understanding them, relating to them, knowing what they value, then it really just comes to actually making the ask. And then we get awesome wins like these, like Gretchen's hitting her first 10K a month, Jorge, 30K. Sales becomes a very.

simple process for that. I think Thomas calls it the magical booking tool. There's no magic about it. All of us have this core human need to be understood. We all want to feel understood. We want someone that can relate to us. And we want to spend money with the businesses and the brands that we feel we can connect.

with. That's it. There's no magic here other than simply learning how to connect with somebody on a meaningful level. Okay, so I want you to avoid these common mistakes when you're presenting your solution and service, okay? So presenting based on their wants is what you should be doing because you don't.

know their needs. Meaning you're not selling to your wallet, you're selling to theirs. This is a really common thing where we don't present something that's expensive because we're worried and we can't pay for it ourselves. That's presenting to your wallet, not theirs. Present based on their wants. Let them decide what they need. Okay.

Okay, that means if they want something that's all out, fine, let it be all out. Let them decide, I already said that, okay. Allow them to decide if something's out of budget, meaning it's okay if they're gonna object. That's fine, we're gonna talk about that. We have a specific module just for objection handling. Okay, don't stress out about it.

And remember that this isn't about you. It's not about what you would choose. It's not about what you would pay for. It's about them. So get out of your own way in this process. Now, this is the opening to the close. So based on what you've shared with me, this is what I feel like would be best. In the next lesson, I'm gonna give you the specific four-step close.

that follows this. Let's hit that now. Confidently presenting the four-step close. Okay. So now we're here. So we've presented how the solution fits and really this bridges quite quickly directly into the close. Meaning like after I've said, you know, okay,

This is why I think this would be the right collection. This is how it fits. It would allow me to do this based on what you've said. I think you would appreciate this. We move directly to the close, right? So there's no other pause. There's no gap between there. We don't go on a tangent and shoot this shit and all that other stuff. We go directly into it. And I want you to permit yourself to be bold when we do that.

this. You're asking for simply an exchange of value for value. Money is not a bad thing. Okay. The four step close, be bold, let them decide on what they want versus need, and you're going to get out of your own way. So here's how we're going to do it. We present the price of the solution. We create a genuine sense of urgency, and I'm going to say, I'll

Make this one optional for you, although I like it. You're gonna ask for their payment method and then you're gonna shut the hell up, okay? So, what it looks like. Step one, present the price. You're gonna keep it simple. The more words, the more desperate you're gonna come off. So, based on all this, and so we've said, based on what it is.

that you want and all this. I think this package, I think this collection would be a really great fit. This is why, and what we can do is always add some upgrades and I am recommending this. Okay, once we finish that, then we simply move to the total cost of this comes out to $12,000.

$6,500, $6,200, $4,800. I don't care what the number is. The total cost of the package comes out to this amount. Okay, this is step one, presenting the price. We've already done the solution part. We just present the price. Step two, this is your optional step. I like doing this.

because it's honest. I'm busy. I want them to know that. I don't want to pressure you. Your date does have a number of other inquiries. This is actually my calendar. This is my actual calendar. What you're seeing on the red and blue, those are actually bookings and leads. So...

The the blue are leads that have come in the red are our actual bookings So for that Saturday, we already have several bookings and there's eight others that are kind of inquiring about that date I don't want to press you I just want you to have a realistic view of the clients that are coming in or the potential leads that are coming in Okay. So what I want?

Want you to do coming out of this for a second. What I want you to do with your calendar is you should be adding all your lead inquiries to your calendar. You should be adding all the booking dates to your calendar. You should be adding all of your personal events to your calendar, and you should be adding your daily schedule to your calendar, your calendar should look like a complete cluster F because honestly it is, and you should also be blocking out your work.

time. Your time is meaningful. Create a calendar that looks like your time is meaningful because it is. Now if this makes you uncomfortable then okay you don't have to do the calendar. If you don't have you know leads coming in if if you don't want to fill this thing out

No, that's fine. You could always simplify it to, well, okay, no pressure. I do work on a first come first serve basis, and I'd love to lock down your shoot, and that's your urgency statement. If you hate that, which I would again urge you to like get over it, okay, because.

you need to treat your time as worth something, as valuable. If you hate it for right now, I'll let you skip it for right now. You can skip the urgency step, but I like it. So, the total cost of your package, I don't want to pressure you, your date does have a few other inquiries,

and i want to get you guys booked so we can kind of get it locked in on the counter i can only take one for those dates so this is the line would you like to pay with cash or credit if you don't take cash don't ask for cash okay if it's credit if it's check i don't care what it is but that's the line would you like to pay your deposit via cash

or credit. That's it. Then we stop talking. I have to specifically put this as a step because I know how many of us F this up, including myself. Do you know how many times I have lost thousands of dollars because I don't stop talking?

I present the price, the very first time I did this, when my partner called it out, I was like, would you guys like to pay with cash or credit? And if you needed to make any adjustments, we can do that. What? And Justin just looks at me like, what's wrong with you? What is wrong? Like he, I, he...

He looked like he wanted to reach across the table and strangle me when I did that. We all do this. We make the ask, and then we say something afterwards. So I have to make this a specific step. You're not gonna say something like, what do you guys think? Actually, I can discount this a bit more. I really wanna work with you guys, so what if this? Or actually, how about this? You're simply gonna make the ask.

I need you to get comfortable allowing them to object because as you're going to learn in the actual module and in the roleplay examples, objections give us a place to go. Objections allow us to resolve things before they leave the phone, have those objections, and then go somewhere else. I need them to be comfortable.

be there on the phone for those objections so we can address them. And believe me, objections are a positive thing. They're not a stopping point in the conversation, they're a place to go in the conversation. The stopping point in the conversation is, uh-huh, that sounds good, we're going to get back to you.