Okay, step 14, how to close every client. I'm excited for this chapter, because now this, I should say, module, it's all about what we call the WAVE. You've probably heard about it in the course, in the program, we've talked about it, we do various role plays. This is where you're gonna actually learn the details of how to actually do it.

do the wave in a sales consultation. And knowing how to do this, you're gonna be able to like literally understand someone's wants, their needs, their values. You can hold them there in the limbic system. You can close effortlessly understanding how to basically tap into what somebody needs and what they value.

Wave is gonna be kind of the key to being able to consistently sell without ever feeling like you're selling. To be able to consistently and with confidence make the close. Or at least go for the close, okay? And we'll talk about why that's so important to go for the close on the call as we get into,

into the next module and whatnot. We have a specific module on objections and objection handling. Okay, just a quick reminder, everything we're gonna cover is pretty fast paced. So this is another section where you're gonna get a lot of value from by pausing, by implementing, by repeating. Honestly, when it comes.

the sales material, what I would say is, I want you to go through it once, digest as much as you can of it, okay? Then do one or two sales calls. Ideally, I like to record them. And then come back through the lesson material at that point, because this is gonna crystallize so quickly and you're gonna gain more and more insights each time.

time you review it. So in this section especially, modules 12 through 16, please review, please implement, and please repeat the process because you're gonna level up your sales skills very quickly by doing so. Between sessions, if you have any questions, remember we have the mentorship group. Great place to ask questions, seek advice, feedback, and

Also, of course, sharing wins and aha moments, as well as finding a partner for role plays. Role playing is gonna be a big thing when it comes to sales, so that you can put yourself in kind of an environment where you simulate the stress, or even go beyond maybe the stress of like a typical sales call, so that you can practice and get good. And when you actually.

jump onto an actual call, it becomes that much easier, okay? So, find a partner, a buddy, that you guys can do role plays with, and the mentorship group is the place to do that. All right, let's go ahead and dive into the first lesson. What is the value of the photograph? This is one of those ideas

that I wanna bring up because there's a bit of mindset work that I wanna do in this space. There's a fear or this self-doubt that I'm worried, I'm concerned that what I'm doing, it just isn't worth the money, right? I mean, after all, picking up a camera and taking a picture, anybody could do that. And we have this feeling of like deep down, I'm scared.

Whether we acknowledge this consciously or whether it's just kind of in our subconscious, we are scared to charge more money for the thing that we're doing. We're scared to ask for that money because we intrinsically kind of stress. We worry that what we're doing is just not valuable enough. So that's why I wanted to create this lesson to talk about this idea of

of what's the value of a photograph and what are you truly, actually doing? Now, I'm gonna start with this question of what is the purpose or the emotional value of a photograph? And I want you to think about it for just a moment. If you'd like, you can pause the video here just to think on this before continuing. But what I wanna get to...

is this idea that the value of a photograph is basically this psychological anchor, okay? What it means is, a photograph is really this reminder that takes you back to a particular memory. Could be a belief, could be a memory, could be anything, but it takes you back to a particular moment, right? And this is, by the way, kind of the...

general definition of just an anchor. So oftentimes, whether we're reading a psychology book or whether we're reading a business book that talks about mindset, often we talk about the idea of an anchor as something that takes you back to a place, right? Especially in the space of neuro-linguistic programming, where we talk about, like in NLP, they talk about setting anchors that

root you in a feeling of success, that root you in a feeling of confidence. All of this is really talking about the same overall mechanism, okay? The mechanism is an anchor, takes you back to a specific memory, a particular belief, it takes you back to something. And a photograph is literally just that, it's an anchor.

Right, so I have a little bit of an exercise that I want to do with you to help you really dial in and understand this principle. We're going to call this exercise testing your worth, but really what we're doing is is kind of trying to understand our actual role as photographers. So here's the exercise. I want you to

close your eyes and spend a moment to think of one of your favorite photographs. It could be of you, it could be of someone that you love. I just want you to think of one of your favorite images of all time, okay? And a photograph that you love. It's either a photograph of you or someone you love.

Spend a minute there. I'm gonna give you a second again. Feel free to pause if you'd like a little more time here What I want to ask next is as you hold that image in your mind I want you to tell me and obviously this is a video, but I want you to think out loud What do you value or appreciate about that image?

Okay, what do you value or appreciate about that image? For me personally, if I think of a particular photograph that I love, one of the ones that jumps into my head is this photograph of me and my father in my childhood where we're on an airstrip.

we're at an airshow basically and behind us is like this b-52 bomber it's my dad holding me I've got this giant fro and it's the first image to pop to my mind and and one because it showed my relationship with my father him bringing me over from Tehran as immigrants and him still trying to find time to

to spend with me doing something that I enjoyed and I loved airplanes at the time. So it's a very fond memory that I have and it's one of my all time favorite photographs that we have together. Notice that what I love about that image has nothing to do with the type of film that it was shot on.

the way that it was photographed, the light in the image, it's not great light, it was actually shot in midday sun. What I love about the image has nothing to do with how it was posed, it has nothing to do with whether it looks like a professional image or not, and I'll bet that for you, when you thought about that image that you loved, what you appreciate about it

had nothing to do with those technical aspects of photography. The point of all this is this idea that I need you to recognize that you're not a photographer. I mean, we are in the sense of like, this is our tool, this is our medium, right? But your job is not to click the button.

to take pictures. Your job is to actually understand what it is that someone values and appreciates and to look to create these meaningful moments, these physical anchors in an image that can remind them of those important moments, those important values, the love that someone has.

has, the memories, that is our role as a photographer. And so when we think about our role, when we think about what it is that we do, if we're thinking about it in the sense of all I do is click a button, then we're right to think that there's not a lot of worth, there's not a lot of value.

in that idea, right? But when we think about this on a deeper level, when we think about what we're truly there to create, these meaningful memories, and that requires us to actually step into their shoes. That requires us to actually ask questions, to be curious, to know who they are, to understand what it is that they appreciate.

then we get to something that is incredibly valuable. And I can ask the question, what is the value of that service to a client? See, the value of setting up what we envision as far as like what photography is, and often a lot of consumers might even think this way too, right? Is that photography is simply

act of pushing a button. I mean I could set up a tripod and put the camera up and just put a timer up if that's the case right and you'd be correct if that is what we're doing if that is how we're approaching the service then absolutely there's not a lot of value in that the value is just the time that it took to set it up maybe the time and renting the gear that's it but if what we're

about is stepping into someone's life to understand what they value, what they appreciate, and to help create something that would be meaningful to them. We go far beyond a simple technical skill, a technical trade, and now we are creative professionals who are delivering something of true meaning.

of true worth to somebody. Now the question that I often get and and you guys have if you've ever heard me speak live about this you probably know is what about AI you know my question is for for years now ever since we started using AI several years back I think it's been three four years now I've been saying

experiential photography is fine. As long as you are an experiential photographer, you're good to go. What that means is experiential is in the sense of like, well, we're documenting someone's wedding, we're documenting a newborn, we're documenting a maternity session, we're documenting an astronaut.

aspect of somebody's real life. This is someone's real life experience put into a photograph, right? And we're creating something tangible and real based on the things that they value. That is always gonna hold value in comparison to AI. Because, really, if you were to ask me, or I would say 90.

99% of other parents of other people. Nobody wants fake AI generated images of their wedding day. Nobody wants fake AI generated images of their children growing up. I want the real thing. I want my children being themselves. I want those things documented in a photograph. I don't want faked versions of this. So it's.

Silly to think that an AI could step into a human's life to create something tangible and real based on their values. And that's why in the space of experiential photography, we're good. Now, if the photography that we're offering is not experiential, this is where we're gonna have to start looking at what we're doing and start worrying about competing with AI.

but that's not a space that I'm encouraging really any of you to be in, okay? All right, so during a conversation, whenever you are uncovering a client's value, right, or anything that's meaningful to them, I want you to come back to that in the session, like in the actual sales consultation.

and anchor that thing. Remember, an anchor is just something that takes you back to a value, a belief, a memory, anything, right? As you present the solution. So as I present a solution, like, you know, I think this would be a really great fit for you. This is the right package for you. Because you mentioned that you appreciate

Appreciate this. You mentioned that one of your values is this. Having this package would allow me to do this, and I think that would be something that you would love. Am I correct in that? So during the conversation, as we uncover each of these pieces of these values, as we create this value board,

In the conversation, we anchor the solution back to those values, back to those beliefs, back to those wants frequently to help them understand how it is that, well, what we're offering applies to the thing that they're wanting or needing. Okay. It's through these anchors that...

someone's able to actually resolve two conflicting beliefs. See, everybody that comes into the space of purchasing something, right? They have, one side is how much do they want to spend? Okay, and I say want because it's difficult to say, like, what can somebody afford? That's a decision that they have to make themselves. Nobody from the outside.

side can really help them make that decision because we don't know their situation right so it's really how much they want to spend and sometimes they can afford much more but what they want to spend is a certain amount and that's fine too right but there's a certain belief in there in terms of what they want to spend and then there's a certain belief there in terms of like the quality of product or service that they're trying to provide

purchase. The anchor is how we can help them resolve those two conflicting beliefs. And by the way, two conflicting beliefs in psychology terms, this is called cognitive dissonance. This happens all the time. And so typically in the sales space, those two conflicting beliefs is I need to get what I want, but I also want to get what I, I also want to pay what I want.

I want to pay. I don't want to go over that amount. Now oftentimes we're willing to adjust how much we want to spend if the service is what we truly want and that's what we're really saying here is we create these anchor points in this conversation so that someone can as they're evaluating as they're thinking to themselves like what do I really want to spend.

really want, they can actually weigh those wants against what they expected to spend. Okay. And that's where they can make a decision. Like, well, if we go with, you know, Alessandro, then we are going to spend a little bit more money. And originally I didn't want to do that, but I really feel like he understands what we're looking for. I really feel like.

Carmen knows the types of newborn photos that we want to have. I really feel like James can just kill it with our kids' senior portraits, you know, with sports kind of photos. I feel like he'd do such a good job with that. And that belief is how I would resolve, well, I didn't wanna spend.

this much, but I really do want that thing. This is the importance of these anchors and in understanding what it is that we're doing in creating a photograph, but also in understanding how we can anchor specific values within the sales consultation itself. Okay, we're gonna keep going because I know a lot.

of this feels theoretical and it's not. This is very tactical but it's one of those things that you have to implement, that you have to actually practice and see it happening to kind of realize what exactly is going on and that's going to come with a bit of time. So let's keep going. Okay so now we're getting even more tactical. We're gonna hit

specific wall art vision exercise. The wall art vision exercise or as we call it the WAVE, this was a tool that I designed over a decade ago and the reason why I designed this tool was as we were expanding the studio we started building out this associate program we we hit our seven-figure number and we were kind of like together.

To get much further beyond that, we need associates and we need these associates to actually be able to handle consultations. So we threw them into consultations and what ended up happening was that, well, these photographers would go out and deliver these shoots and the images would look good, but the clients would come back and it wasn't a lot, but it was probably like,

one out of every 10 clients would be unhappy with the photographs that they took. And I thought that's so odd and strange, especially considering like when the partners, when Justin, Chris, or myself, when we did these meetings and we went and did the shoots, everything would go fine. So I really started paying attention to what these associates were saying in those shoots. And I started paying attention to what I was doing.

in those shoots. And what we basically had was associates were very much focused on talking about technical details. Like what is the style? What is the types of images they want created? And my conversation centered around values because I was understanding that like what I'm there to do is create images that they actually value. I know that they don't really care.

care about the technical details that much. So after I saw that, I thought, okay, we need to design a process that anybody can follow to be able to hold somebody in the emotional space to be able to truly understand what it is that they value. Because from that space, they can take those values into the show.

shoot and they can know exactly what images they should create. On top of that, they should be able to close the sale actually much, much better. So once the wall art vision exercise was created, I had to get everybody to actually buy into it. And after they did, the conversions rate shot up. So before that, you know, usually if a partner goes into a sale

session, we'd be able to close 90% of qualified sales if not higher, right? Whereas an associate would be somewhere around like 30-40%. We always found that so strange. As soon as we implemented this, that number shot up to match what we were doing. On top of that, it alleviated. So now it wasn't one in every 10 clients were coming back with a complaint. It was like,

one in every 50 and we're like okay this made a dramatic difference and that's where this idea was born. Now I want to share that with you because whenever I teach the wave, whenever somebody starts learning this process, there's always a bit of resistance there. They resist the idea of it, they don't quite get the philosophy of it and so I want you to

understand kind of the concept and where this came from. What we're really doing with the Wave when we look at the sales process is we're identifying the customer's problem and need. When it comes to a photograph, it's not so much a problem as it is a value, right? That's why we call it a value board because when it comes to photography, this is a luxury service.

So we want these photographs, but it's not like our life is gonna be threatened by not having these photographs. So we can't really qualify it as a need. I have to have this solution. It's not a painkiller per se. It's not a drug that we have to have, but what it is is something that we want, something that's tied to our values.

And that's what the wave is there to do, is to really help you identify an actual set of wants and needs. And so I like to clarify this, because if we talk about needs in a retail sense, right? Like having a car is a need, but having a Bentley is a want. Having a, you know, set of clothes and some sort of a purse and a bag.

Those are needs, right? But then having specifically Louis Vuitton purses and clothes, that's a want. So we need to kind of classify this and understand the differences between these. Photography, it's a luxury. The need side of this, I need to have memories. I need to have these types of images. That's captured with just the phone, okay?

so we already have a device that covers our needs so anything beyond that fits really into the luxury the want space and i know you all know this but it's good to get a little refresh because it it changes the way that we approach the consultation basically and and it kind of gives you an idea of why the wave is so important to understand someone's values because it brings

this with this question of like what do clients actually want and in the past when we were you know first starting the studio what we used for this was the mood board and this is what our associates would use too is we'd have clients pin some images to the mood board and and we'd bring those and we talk about that in the sales consultation what types of images they like and what the

mood board does is well it does a really good job of like defining aesthetics right of defining like what types of looks what types of colors what types of maybe poses more of the technical side of what resonates with them but the question is is even with a mood board of these images do we actually know what the client

at once? Do we know which of these they truly value? Like, they might pin the shoes and the, this shot, oh, we worked on these invitations and we gotta have that photograph, right? We gotta have that. We spent so much time figuring out our details. We spent so much time on the venue design. We gotta have that. But then if I ask the question,

Well, would you print the photograph of the shoes and hang it, like say in your home? Well, no, that's not really an image that I would print. Why? Well, because that's not something that I would value enough to put up on the wall. It would make for a good image in like an album, but not like on my wall.

So what a mood board does is it really helps us to define aesthetics and I'm not saying not to do them. We actually create the mood board in conjunction with the value board, but we have to have the value board. The value board is what defines what they truly want, what they'd be willing to pay for, what they would hang something on.

What type of image does it need to be in order to put it up on their wall? Whereas the mood board defines What do they think is cute? What type of style do they like? Is it more light and airy? Is it more dark and dramatic? What would they post to Instagram? That's what the mood board is helping us with Okay, so after we build a base

basic rapport, that's kind of the steps that you've done thus far, right? It could be a few minutes in person, it could be 30 seconds over the phone. Then we really wanna take them right into the wave. Now, I said you're gonna continue getting to know them through the process of the wave, and what I mean is in person, sometimes people will wanna talk quite a bit, you get to know each other.

It goes well beyond five minutes when it's like an in-person consultation. Right. I generally find that with zoom and especially with phone calls, um, with phone calls, people don't have the patience to go, you know, just, just shoot the shit for, for 10 minutes. Right. They, they want to get into things. Um, same thing with a zoom call. Like it's better than just.

phone call, but still we don't want to be there for 5-10 minutes just getting to know each other. We want to get into it. So the tip I like to give is like look you're going to get to know them as you do the wave with them and during the wave there's always moments to pause and to relate and to kind of share ideas and to understand them more. So don't feel like you know you have to do

all the getting to know them right there up front if we want to, if we should like step into the process a little bit quicker. Okay, so that's the wave. It's this tried-and-true psychological framework to uncover exactly what a client wants and values and to do it consistently because that's really the key, right? How do we do this consistently?

The goal of this is we hold clients in the limbic system. This is where they can share with you their emotions, their values, and an idea of the types of images they'd like to have and things that would be meaningful to them. So we can hold them in that space and that's honestly the same space that we need them to be in when it comes to making a limbic system.

luxury purchase, right? Again, if there is nothing, just think of this for a moment, when it comes to a need, there's plenty of rational thoughts and decisions that go into this, right? Do I need leather or do I not? What would be better for the car?

better. Like am I gonna be sweaty? I probably should get leather. Do I need you know five seats or do we need six seats? Or you know these are all needs right? When it comes to the clothing right? Do I do I need it to be warm? Do I need the purse to have certain pockets? Do I need my backpack to be able to fit this?

With any of these needs, we're talking about a lot of rational justification it would be appropriate in that space. What possible rational justification does anybody have when it comes to the Bentley or when it comes to the Louis Vuitton products? What rational justification is there?

You don't even get a choice of leather or not here. If you're, if you're in doing, you know, if you're an athlete and you're sopping wet coming into the car, the person that buys a Bentley doesn't care. What rational justification is there on either of these sides? The answer is there is none, right? These are emotions.

purchases. A person buys these because of the way that it makes them feel. A person buys these because of the the confidence that they want to convey, a message they want to share with others, or the lifestyle that they're buying into. And all of those decisions, they're not made in the rational space of the brain, in the neocortex.

all those decisions are made in the limbic system. So that's the idea behind the wave is to hold them in this space. So what's important versus what's not important. I'm gonna go through specific mistakes when we hit the wave but for right now as before I just go over

into the actual wave script. I want you to recognize a lot of people get stuck thinking that the wave is all about the one image, the one image that goes on the wall. It's not, okay? It's about getting them to limit their mind so they can describe that one image and then understanding

why they're choosing that image. Why are they describing it the way they are? What are the words that they're using? How are they choosing to describe this image? That's the important part, and that's what we're gonna apply to everything else as we discuss the shoot that we're talking about. But it's not just.

the one image, it's everything surrounding their choice of that image. This is gonna make a lot more sense as we go, but I wanted to preface this so it's on your mind. After you identify these needs and values, this is when you're gonna start thinking naturally of what's gonna be the best fit for them. So we start naturally bridging like.

as they're talking and describing things and as they're saying things, you're gonna naturally get ideas of, okay, I think this would be the right solution. This is the right package. This would be the things that they would very much interest them. And you start developing the value proposition there. Okay. Enough theory. Let's actually show you.

the wave script and framework. Again, I'm going to preface this with something that I said earlier in these modules. I'm giving you scripts. I give you an entire sales handbook. It's not about memorization. It's not about pushing your client through this and just memorizing the words. I don't care about the words. I care about the

the step-by-step process of this. It's the psychological process of this that I don't want you to abandon. But the words themselves, I don't care, make them yours. Now I would say, learn it first, then make it yours as you practice it. And we're just gonna go with that. I'm not gonna belabor or beat a dead horse there.

Okay, so part one. We want to set the stage with this opening that disrupts their thought process. Okay, a disrupter is something that basically makes you pause and go, whoa, what's happening? For example, right now you're so used to me speaking and talking right now. You're so used to me gesturing and doing all this that some of you might even

even kind of be lulled into this sense of like, it's calm, it's quiet. But if I said, fuck, immediately you perk up, and for some reason you're attentive. Like everything that I say within this 30 seconds of having said that word, you're now present and listening to. All because I said a word that you weren't expecting.

Now I apologize, I hope none of you have the speakers loud right now, but idea is a disruptor is anything that disrupts a thought process. So the first opening is, if it's okay with you, I'd like to walk you through a visualization exercise to help me understand what you value when it comes to your photography. I know this might be a little bit odd.

But bear with me for a moment Okay Nobody's asking that question Nobody's saying something like I know this is gonna be a little bit odd or whatever it might be So immediately this is a very gentle way now that the f-bomb disrupter by the way is something that Tony Robbins does so Tony Robbins Will hop on a stage and clap and he'll like if it's so good to be here

and he'll do this like constantly and he'll just randomly drop weird things to disrupt right this is a very gentle what i would say like a creative professionals version of a disruptor we don't need to be tony robbins here and drop f-bombs but nobody's gonna do this so immediately when when someone hears this they're gonna tune in a little bit more like oh this is interesting what is what

What is Carmen about to say right now? And we go to part two. We start to move them into the limbic system. Now, remember the idea that I shared with you earlier, getting somebody to switch from like a neocortex, a rational thought process, to an emotional thought process, this is a one-way road, okay? You're either on this side or you're on this side. It's difficult to.

So when someone is stuck on that rational side, getting them to turn around and think emotionally, it's like trying to turn an 18-wheel truck on a one-way road. You're going to need a lot of little pauses and a lot of stops, and you've got to keep going until we can get that truck going the other way on this road. That's what we're doing here. We're starting to move them into the left lane.

Limbic system. So I want you to imagine your home. It could be your apartment, it could be anywhere, but more specifically, I want you to pick a location where you might hang a frame or a piece of wall art. What you're going to notice as soon as they do that, as soon as they buy and they start imagining their home, is oftentimes their eyes are going

to start kind of going up, they're going to start to think, hmm, they're accessing the limbic system, they're thinking of a memory, they're thinking of, you know, the space, and we're starting to shift their thought process over into this emotional space where we can start getting good answers and start tapping the things that they appreciate. Now, so I said,

say this because I often get asked like, why do we specifically want them to imagine their home? That's why, because we wanna start this process of turning the truck, right? One of the common things they might say there is like, oh, well, we're moving into a new place, we don't know where yet. That's okay, like just work around it. Say, oh, it's okay. Why don't you think of the space you're in now?

and just think of a spot where you might hang something in your in your current home or your current apartment. It's okay they're gonna say things and they're gonna be like oh they're gonna take things very literally help them work past it. Okay once they respond we kind of play a little bit deeper into that vision right so we would say okay so

So what space are you thinking of? Now, if you're doing this as a couple, I would let them know, we don't have to be thinking about the same spot. So if you wanna hang in a different spot, if she wants to hang in, that's totally fine. They give you the idea of where it is. And let's say that they say it's the living room above the couch, okay? I would say something like this.

Alright, so let's imagine the living room space above the couch, I don't know, maybe that's like 8 feet wide, is that a good guess? It doesn't have to be exact. The reason why I'm saying that is because I say, is, is, oh, tell me how, you know, how big is that wall? They're going to immediately go back to neocortex thinking, right? They're going to immediately go back to like...

Oh, well, we're going to need to measure that and we'll get back to you. No, I just want to guess, right? So I would imagine that's roughly eight feet. It doesn't have to be exact. Is that about right? Okay. We wait for the confirmation. Then we go a little bit more. We start setting a little bit of anchors. We start creating some limitations as well. Now, the anchor that we're going to set is actually.

a price anchor to help them understand like where our pricing is and to see if there's any major objections right there because that'll clue us in in terms of like art is this client potentially qualified right so I would say something like okay so I have a question but there are a few things that I want you to keep in mind before I ask you this question okay first a professionally

Printed and framed image in that space. Let's say it's gonna be like a 30 by 40 that might cost say $2,000 if you were to print that through the studio, okay The price isn't something that I want you to focus on right now because there's no commitment right now You don't need to buy anything right now. I just want you to to to know

that this is gonna be an investment essentially. Now, if you are offering digitals, like for us with our weddings, we charge everything upfront, so it's an upfront model, right? Then I would add this next line. If you're doing IPS and you're charging in the reveal, don't do this line. Just give them the price anchor and that's it, right? And for an IPS,

person they might, I'll give you a version of that line, but for the upfront person I would say you know the price isn't too important because you could print this on your own, you could have it framed on your own, but that's still going to be an investment right, because now you're spending your time and your money to get this done right and to get it up onto your wall. So what I'm trying to get at is whether you do it.

through my studio, whether you do it on your own, this is gonna be investment. Does that make sense? Okay, now if this is the IPS version, I would say, okay, that's, we're gonna imagine a frame print right now, but this isn't something that you have to buy. Honestly, we have a lot of different types of collections, we can do albums, we can do a lot of different things. For right now,

Although, let's just imagine we're gonna create a print that goes up on the wall, okay? Keep in mind, I gave you a sales handbook that's gonna have different versions of this based on what type of service that you're offering, okay? So reference that please, because in boudoir, you wouldn't say we're gonna hang up a naked picture of you on the wall.

on the wall, right? That would just make no sense whatsoever. So there's a different, the slight modifications there depending on what it is that you're doing. So next, I'm gonna say this. So we kind of create a little more limitations, right? And if they push back and they say, well, why is price so important right now? You go, because I'm gonna ask you a question.

I want to know what image is important to you. I actually, I want you to think of that being an investment because I want to know what image is so valuable to you that you would hang it up, that you would pay for it to be on the wall. Just, but stick with me for just a second. And again, we're not committing to anything right now. This is just a visualization exercise. So anytime you get pushback.

Just clarify, help them understand this is just an exercise. And now I'm gonna say, okay, so next, you're gonna see this photograph multiple times a day because it's hung, and in this case, it would be the living room above the couch, right? So it needs to be something that you would truly love, right, because you're gonna see it all the time.

and they go yes and we're going to be taking tons of different pictures during your whatever type of shoot we're doing during your family session so i'm going to limit you though to just one photograph because it's a print it's a frame print so you get just one choice of the 100 plus images we create only one can go there this

is turning the truck, getting it turned around so that when we ask this next question, they're in the right headspace. When I say setting up the correct emotional space for this, this is exactly what we're talking about because now the big question is going to land.

So, okay, with all of that, what is the one photograph from your family session or whatever type of shoot that you would value so much that you'd spend money on it, that you'd wanna see it every single day hung in the living room in that spot? What is that one image?

Now you wait and you listen. What are we listening for? I want you to listen to the words they use to describe the image. I want you to pay attention to what particular first image comes up. I want you to listen to all of the details that they use, the particular vocabulary that they're sharing.

because everything that they're going to share with you are going to give you ideas into the way that they think okay so we're listening intently in this part now it means something I need you to recognize this it means something if I'm if this is a wedding and the first image that pops into my mind

is like well we spent $100,000 on florals and I want to get this grand picture at the ceremony site with like all of it and us in the center that means something right because I could have picked any image but what that tells me as a photographer is maybe this person might value

epic imagery. Maybe they value the pageantry side of this like the kind of elaborate design and maybe they value that because they spend a lot of time on that. Whatever comes to mind means something. If I said well us on the ceremony like at the altar with our family right behind us as

we're exchanging rings, that image means the world and I bet there's gonna be like something funny or some sort of a joke. I wanna capture like all the laughter and things that are not, that means something. Okay, this person must be very family oriented. This person wants an image that's in the moment, their life.

laughing, they want something genuine, something authentic. If we're talking about a maternity shoot, and I say, like, as the father, we've tried many times to have a baby, and this is our first. I just want to get a shot of my wife. She's healthy. She's beautiful.

want to see her tummy. That means something. Why that particular image versus something else? Right? And you'd carry that over to like the newborn photograph. What might that mean there? That photograph with my baby with the hand wrapped.

around my finger, that would probably be a very precious photograph to me. The decision that somebody makes in this choice means the world, and you're gonna play in deeper to better understand, but it's not the image that we care about. Of course, I wanna create that image they deserve.

describe. Of course that that's part of it, but that's not what we're there to do. We're there to understand why they chose that. So after they're hearing, or after you're hearing their words, I want you to start inferring their values. Now there might be a little step between this, like if I were to say like what else might I add to part five, it'd be...

That's so interesting. You picked the ceremony site and this ring exchange moment. Can you unpack that for me for a second? This is my favorite word, by the way. My favorite phrase in psychology is unpack this. If you ever want to understand somebody a little bit deeper, can you unpack that? Tell me what you mean by that. Can you unpack that? Why did you pick that image? What does that mean to you?

I want you to play in deeper yeah well on the same way say who's in the background of that photograph who would we see clearly if they go well isn't that your decision because you might get some this isn't pushback this is people not understanding what it is you're trying to do don't let it freak you out if they ask a question

like that I would say well yeah but I mean this is why I ask right because we're putting this photograph in the wall of your home and I want to know what what means the world to you like for example I could take that that same shot from the back of the the room where all the guests are watching you in that moment or I could take that same photograph up close where we can see

your family members and people, what do you feel like would be more meaningful to you? And we listen again. So we wanna unpack, oh, it's a shot of the two of you, where would we be at? What would the background be in this photograph? Oh, you picked the beach. Is there a particular significance?

against two that? Why the beach? Oh, it's because the two of you always do date night at the beach on the walks. That's amazing. I feel like what if we actually chose a spot like that for maybe the engagement session? Everything that they share with you is gonna give you ideas. And a huge mistake in this,

this spot is after they describe the image, is not playing in deeper to understand, help me to clarify that, help me paint the picture of what this image looks like, what's so important in it, and make sure that you understand why. Then after that, we hit this piece of part six. Based on that,

on what you've shared with me I'm gonna take a guess at your values and what we're gonna do is put together a kind of value board okay what this means is I want to know aesthetically what images you love and we'll create a mood board for that but I want to know what images you value and that's what the value board is there for what is

truly meaningful to you. So help me know, am I on the mark? Or is there anything that you'd tweak or adjust here? It's okay if I'm completely wrong too. And then we start to infer things. You said that that closeup shot on the altar with you exchanging rings with your family in the photograph, that's important.

important to you, would it be fair to say that like, you would appreciate a nice artistic image during getting ready moment, but would you appreciate that more if maybe it was a genuine moment where mom was there helping you get ready? And maybe she was sharing a few nice words with you?

Okay, you mentioned the beach. I'm doing like different clients, different responses, right? You mentioned the beach because that's a place that you guys frequently spend time. Would you appreciate if maybe for the engagement session, what if we actually, it was not so much like just going to a pretty location, taking pretty pictures.

But what if we actually made this a date where you went to the beach and you guys do what you normally do, but we document it and create these beautifully artistic moments that are genuine, that feel real to you. Would that be something you would value? You play these words back and you infer their value sets and how it applies to.

different aspects of the way that you're gonna approach the shoot. This is what's meaningful about the process. This is why we're doing it. After doing this, we've completed step six, we've made all these inferences, we know now what it is that they want. We've completed this checklist. We haven't even picked up the camera.

But I know who they are as an individual, as people. I know, and you, you know what they appreciate, what they value. You understand the language, their common language. What are the words they typically use? Doctors are gonna use different language than psychologists who are gonna use different language than accountants.

Who are you going to use different language than business owners? We want to speak in their language, in their words, the words that resonate with them. You also know the exact images you need to capture, the types of images that they would appreciate. And at the same time, we've given them an anchor and a price point to what we actually

they would charge for prints. So for those of you that do IPS, that's super helpful. Even for those of us that are just trying to qualify a client to make sure that they can spend a good amount of money on the package, we've done that too. All of these things are done in that process. This is where I get the idea, the saying, where I'm like, being a better.

salesperson will make you a better photographer. So upon finishing the wave, this last little step, part seven, you're going to reiterate some of the things that you've learned and we're going to set a cognitive dissonance anchor. So this can be really anywhere in this point that we can do this, right? But once we are really connected.

Once they understand how we've applied these values to the rest of this shoot, how we're gonna plan the shoot around their values, that's when I say I love doing this exercise with my clients, because don't you feel like as your photographer it's critical that I know exactly what you appreciate and value?

Now, they might just instantly know what you're saying and be like, yes, completely on board. They might be like, well, yeah, I guess so. If they're not completely on board, that's when I'm going to go a little bit deeper. Well, I see that you're not quite convinced, but let me go a little bit further with this.

I can take, and this is what a lot of photographers are gonna do, they're gonna come and they're gonna take pretty pictures. Maybe something's happening in front of them that they find interesting. It's visually appealing and they take pictures of that thing. What if it's not something that you actually would want or appreciate? It's entirely possible to take that thing.

beautiful images of things that you don't care about, isn't it? They agree with that. That's what I mean. That's what I mean by, isn't it important that I know exactly what you appreciate and value? So I can bring my creative view, my angle, my ideas to the things that are actually meaningful to you.

That's as much of my style as anything else, as the colors or the camera that I use or the way that I light. This is what I bring to my clients. There's always room to help them understand something if they're hung up. And I want you to recognize that.

that. It's not about going to the next step when they're stuck on the prior one. Help them work through each step of this to get to the next place. Okay, now here's the thing. Knowing how to do the wave, like what you know here, versus actually doing the wave are two completely different things.

things. Every single person that does this sucks at it at the beginning. Okay. You're going to suck at it, which is also why we do role plays because even when you're good at this, even with our members that have been here for a year that know this, when you're put under pressure, you're going to suck at it again. That's why we do it. I'm going to encourage you to.

Stick with this. As you get better and better with this process, the entire world is gonna open up to you in a way that you didn't think possible. Because you're not just learning how to sell, you're learning to actually communicate with someone on a deeper level. To communicate to their values, not simply at a surface level.

of what is it that they want. So stick with this. I would also encourage you to make sure that you watch, I've highlighted specific role play examples that are in the lesson material. I want you to watch those in their entirety. There's some beautiful examples in there, including one where for any of you that are like, man, what do I do?

when I'm stuck, where I keep getting all these different things coming up, all these different objections, you know, interruptions, everything. I did one with Meredith that it was such a great role play and we found out later that she's an actress. It's such a great role play that it's now going to be in the lesson material. Afterwards, we did one with Tommy, we did one with Alessandra.

There were such good role plays of how we get hung up, how we get stuck on things, that I made those officially part of the material. And I don't want you to skip them. They're so valuable. So please make sure to check those out. And you'll find them as you go through lesson by lesson, just automatically. I've already kind of put them where they need to go. But I want you to understand that when it comes to.

the wave. When it comes to sales, perfect practice makes perfect. You now understand what the process looks like. Now we can actually go and practice it until we can perfect the process. So find a buddy within our community. I want you to hop on zoom, and I want you to do this, to practice this. You can even record those.

sessions through Zoom, make sure that you can both basically get through this checklist. You can break the ice and establish rapport quickly. You can smoothly transition in the wave. You can effortlessly guide them through the wave, even if they have hangups, and you can understand what they want and value and apply it to the solution that you're offering to them.

Make sure you can do those steps. When you've got that down, then I would say you've got this process down and you're checked off and good to go. Okay, so I actually have that little assignment here. Pause, go ahead and find a role play buddy. And it doesn't have to be like right this second. I mean, find the buddy right this second, but schedule the call. At least schedule the call for role play.

Hopefully, okay, let's go on. Let me just quickly go through common wave mistakes. Again, if you're going through this material for the first time, I really don't expect you to do too much with this right now because you haven't practiced it yet, right? As you practice the wave in both role plays and.

real consultations, I want you to review them and you're gonna see these common wave mistakes come up and then I want you to address them. So I think I have the six kind of most common ones. Oops, I think I flipped my screen. Let me go back to side by side. There we go. So the six most common mistakes. Number one is treating the wave like it's this script.

that you memorize verbatim, right? It's not. I don't need you to memorize the words verbatim. The steps, those parts of the wave are what's key. And as you watch me do role plays, as you watch me do the wave, there's never one time where I'm saying the same words the same way, right? In fact, with the specific role play example I gave you with Meredith.

We go on crazy tangents and I have to kind of keep bringing it back to wherever we are in the wave. So it's not a script that you're trying to memorize verbatim, it's a process that you're trying to understand. So don't treat it like like a script. Mistake number two is forcing someone into the wave without properly memorizing it.

properly addressing questions or concerns first. And the most common one is like a pricing question, right? They wanna talk pricing, we wanna get them in the wave. If someone wants to talk pricing, just give them the basic answer. Well, my packages start at this, and most of my clients will spend around this on their collection, okay? But that.

That being said, I'd love to figure out what it is that you value. And once I understand that, then I can kind of give you a package, give you a collection that would make a lot of sense and give you an exact price. Would it be okay if I do an exercise with you? If they're still stuck on price...

don't keep pushing forward, right? If they're still stuck on something, we gotta address it. So if I respond back and like, well, I just wanna know like, if I have this much, what am I gonna get from it? I don't need you to give me a price sheet in that moment. I don't need you to spend all this time in that moment to discuss price.

I just need more clarity. Oh, for that price range, we'll definitely find a great solution for you. For example, we could do albums, we could do these prints, we could do, there's a lot of stuff. We won't exactly know what you want until we have the rest of the conversation first. It's kind of like if you were buying a car or something and you're walking and saying.

I want to know the price of a car I'd kind of need to know what your needs are first before I can tell you which car would be a good fit right and that's my goal right now is to understand that but you're definitely in the right price range and we'll find a really great collection for you. Once I have that reassurance then it's do you mind me continue

with the exercise, I ask at that point to continue on. But that's one of the big mistakes is someone is hung up on something, most commonly it's pricing, and the photographer will keep pushing them into the wave when they're not ready and their headspace stays with whatever problem that was.

like that they're stuck with, essentially. So while you're, even if they agree to go through the wave with you, their mind is still stuck on the question that they had that you didn't answer. Okay, mistake number three is moving from one step of the wave to the next when someone is stuck within the wave itself or not understanding kind of like this.

current or prior step of the wave, right? So if someone's weirded out by the fact that you're asking them to visualize their home, spend a moment to say, oh, this is gonna make sense in a moment. I know it's a bit odd. And you're not committing, because a lot of them will be like, oh, but I don't wanna buy a print right now. Oh, I know. I know you don't wanna buy a print right now. This is just a visualization exercise.

and you're not committing to anything right now, don't stress. Whatever they're feeling, alleviate it. Relieve it before you continue the next step. Don't simply, you know, say that one line and be like, okay, yeah, we'll just hold on to that for a second. This will make more sense in a second and then go to the next piece. Address it. Okay.

Did I number these wrong? That should have been number four. Mistake number four is not playing in deeper to understand and fully describe the one single image they end up choosing. Meaning, like, they'll get to an image and be like, oh, I've heard this a lot. They'll get to that final image and be like, oh yeah, I really want a photograph of.

of my wife and I on the beach in her maternity gown. And then the photographer's like, I'm gonna get that photo. Isn't it important that I know that's the photograph you want? And then I'm like, but there's other photos that I want too. That's not just the one, I don't know what's going on.

So this is again we kind of are thinking about this is like oh I got to go to the next step no we need to plan deeper oh tell me why is it why is it that first you thought of the beach first why help me understand that is that a place of significance for the two of you oh that's where we met

Oh my god how did you both meet? Okay and and your wife at the beach in the maternity gown like tell me what what would the two of you be doing in that photograph? I don't know isn't that your decision as the photographer? Well yeah I get what you mean by that but like for example you could be looking at each other and it could be this kind of

of intimate heartfelt moment that feels kind of candid, or it could be something that's a little more traditional where you're looking into the camera. And then she might chime in and go, I really want the image where we look at each other. I want it to, tell me why it is. Oh, I just don't like images that feel posed and I want this to feel real.

Okay, so knowing that you wanted to feel real, knowing the beach is a place that you met, if we weren't doing a photo shoot, what would the two of you be doing at the beach? We love going on walks with our dog and the three of us are just there and now we're welcoming somebody new in our family. Okay, so what if this, what if,

we actually brought your dog out to the shoot. And this beautiful moment where you're on the beach, you're walking, you're talking, there's a smile between the two of you, your dog is playing, what is your dog's name? Rufus, okay, and Rufus is playing, and we get this photograph, we can see your belly, we can see the dress flowing, and you guys are just laughing and talking.

and in the moment would that feel like an image you would value like you would appreciate oh my god that would be us that is so us okay i want i want to go into this further and because this changes the way that we approach the shoot does that make sense so mistake number five is not play

playing in deeper to understand why they're choosing that image. But instead we kind of just, we're like, oh, isn't it important that I take that picture? Well, yeah, I mean, it's important that you take that and a bunch of other ones. Okay, now mistake number five is thinking the wave was about the one single image, because it's not. It's about the reason why.

they're choosing that image. The beach had significance, right, in this example that we gave. The walk has significance. The bringing their dog to this has significance. It's why are they choosing this thing? Because if I know that, look, knowing that you want your dog, is this

It's like, I don't know, tell me if I'm wrong, but do you all feel like this is your family, the three of you with your dog and you're welcoming baby in? And do you feel like we should bring Rufus into each of these? Because he's part of the family too, right? Is that the way you feel? Yes. Rufus has been with us for 10 years. He's getting older now.

and he's not as active as he used to be we want to we want to be able to remember this moment don't you feel like we should plan other aspects of this too where we bring rufus into it what if we actually started this at the home and maybe it was a photograph of the three of you on the porch anyway you get at my where i'm going

going with this, it's not about the one image. It's about how they describe, why did they choose that one image? What do they value? And how do those values affect the rest of the shoot? How could we create images that are that much more meaningful for them? Mistake number six is then not applying those whys to the actual value board.

and at the same time showing them practically how it changes your approach to the shoot, which is what I just did, right? So mistake number six is like, thank you for describing that image to me. I know, like we're gonna do the walk, we're gonna do all these things, and yeah. That's, let's go ahead and get you guys booked.

It's really important as your photographer that I know that image, right? And then it gets me back to, well, are you just creating the one photograph? I'm a little bit concerned now. Is it just one? Are you taking us to one photograph? Is that what we're getting? And I can't agree to that yet because I don't know. Like, okay.

Okay, you've had me describe one photograph. How does that apply to everything? What do you mean? Like, what am I agreeing it to that isn't important that I understand what? You know one, I've described one photograph. These things don't make sense without playing deeper, without showing them practically how understanding them changes your approach.

So, spend time there to actually help them understand what this means in terms of the way that you're going to approach their shoot. Only after that do you anchor it and say, isn't it important that I, as your photographer, understand this? Because can you see how knowing your values has totally changed the way that we do your

shoot then they go yes now i can see that i can recognize that okay these six mistakes are so common that again like first time going through this you're gonna be like i'm not gonna make any of those mistakes i don't even know what those are that's not gonna be me and then as soon as you start

doing this process, you'll find yourself getting stuck with each one of them. So address them. It's okay. I'm not looking for perfection. I want you to understand this. I asked you to record all of your sales calls. I asked you to review them. I don't expect you move from one sales call to the next. You were making six mistakes and now you're making none. What I expect is

is with each one of these times through, the next sales console, okay, I'm no longer making that mistake. Okay, I fixed this. And after 20 of these iterations, now you are dialed. But please give yourself some time and some patience in this process. Sales is a big thing. You're learning a very important skill.

requires a lot of again unwinding unlearning as well as learning and give yourself grace in that process all right okay so now we are presenting the value in the solution this part is pretty dang easy okay and and we've kind of already talked a little about that but basically now that you know what it is they've

value, now you've tied a kind of like different aspects of the day, the shoot, whatever it is that we're talking about, you start getting an idea of which package, which collection, which service would be a good fit for them. And this is when you just simply present the solution and how it fits their need. Right. So it's, it's really quite simple in the process of presenting the.

all you're gonna do is reiterate, you know, why you're making that decision. Like, this is why I feel like it fits this. I think it's something you'd appreciate. You know, it's gonna result in the exact images that they value. So along the way that you're doing this, you're basically just parroting back to them using the language that they've used so that it kind of is something they can relate to.

and resonate with and again always acting as their advocate right so this is really for the most part going to be your words but i'm going to give you a bit of an idea of what this would look like you might start with something like based on what you've shared with me i think that this collection is what i feel would be perfect for you because it's

to allow us to do this while also capturing this and also doing this. Now if you're IPS, right, because that sounds more like an upfront model. If you're IPS and you're going to sell on the reveal, you say, based on what you shared with me, honestly, I feel like you're going to love getting the album.

maybe even a few prints in the home. That's the collection I think will make the most sense. That being said, we don't have to make that decision right now. We'll actually do that process in the reveal. You can choose and we can always adjust, but just from what you've explained with me, I think you'd appreciate those items.

then you kind of feel it out like is that Would you guys like to have the album has got kind of what you're thinking is album and maybe some wall art See where they're at right and then immediately we start moving basically to the close So what we're doing in the IPS version of that is just giving them an idea of what we think would be good because they're gonna choose

in the collection itself right they're going to choose when they when you do the reveal and that the collection can always change so now it's this value-based close and we're going to go specifically to the close right and with this it becomes so easy when when a client sees that you're bringing them that you know

not only are offering a valuable service, but that it's tied to understanding them, relating to them, knowing what they value, then it really just comes to actually making the ask. And then we get awesome wins like these, like Gretchen's hitting her first 10K a month, Jorge, 30K. Sales becomes a very.

simple process for that. I think Thomas calls it the magical booking tool. There's no magic about it. All of us have this core human need to be understood. We all want to feel understood. We want someone that can relate to us. And we want to spend money with the businesses and the brands that we feel we can connect.

with. That's it. There's no magic here other than simply learning how to connect with somebody on a meaningful level. Okay, so I want you to avoid these common mistakes when you're presenting your solution and service, okay? So presenting based on their wants is what you should be doing because you don't.

know their needs. Meaning you're not selling to your wallet, you're selling to theirs. This is a really common thing where we don't present something that's expensive because we're worried and we can't pay for it ourselves. That's presenting to your wallet, not theirs. Present based on their wants. Let them decide what they need. Okay.

Okay, that means if they want something that's all out, fine, let it be all out. Let them decide, I already said that, okay. Allow them to decide if something's out of budget, meaning it's okay if they're gonna object. That's fine, we're gonna talk about that. We have a specific module just for objection handling. Okay, don't stress out about it.

And remember that this isn't about you. It's not about what you would choose. It's not about what you would pay for. It's about them. So get out of your own way in this process. Now, this is the opening to the close. So based on what you've shared with me, this is what I feel like would be best. In the next lesson, I'm gonna give you the specific four-step close.

that follows this. Let's hit that now. Confidently presenting the four-step close. Okay. So now we're here. So we've presented how the solution fits and really this bridges quite quickly directly into the close. Meaning like after I've said, you know, okay,

This is why I think this would be the right collection. This is how it fits. It would allow me to do this based on what you've said. I think you would appreciate this. We move directly to the close, right? So there's no other pause. There's no gap between there. We don't go on a tangent and shoot this shit and all that other stuff. We go directly into it. And I want you to permit yourself to be bold when we do that.

this. You're asking for simply an exchange of value for value. Money is not a bad thing. Okay. The four step close, be bold, let them decide on what they want versus need, and you're going to get out of your own way. So here's how we're going to do it. We present the price of the solution. We create a genuine sense of urgency, and I'm going to say, I'll

Make this one optional for you, although I like it. You're gonna ask for their payment method and then you're gonna shut the hell up, okay? So, what it looks like. Step one, present the price. You're gonna keep it simple. The more words, the more desperate you're gonna come off. So, based on all this, and so we've said, based on what it is.

that you want and all this. I think this package, I think this collection would be a really great fit. This is why, and what we can do is always add some upgrades and I am recommending this. Okay, once we finish that, then we simply move to the total cost of this comes out to $12,000.

$6,500, $6,200, $4,800. I don't care what the number is. The total cost of the package comes out to this amount. Okay, this is step one, presenting the price. We've already done the solution part. We just present the price. Step two, this is your optional step. I like doing this.

because it's honest. I'm busy. I want them to know that. I don't want to pressure you. Your date does have a number of other inquiries. This is actually my calendar. This is my actual calendar. What you're seeing on the red and blue, those are actually bookings and leads. So...

The the blue are leads that have come in the red are our actual bookings So for that Saturday, we already have several bookings and there's eight others that are kind of inquiring about that date I don't want to press you I just want you to have a realistic view of the clients that are coming in or the potential leads that are coming in Okay. So what I want?

Want you to do coming out of this for a second. What I want you to do with your calendar is you should be adding all your lead inquiries to your calendar. You should be adding all the booking dates to your calendar. You should be adding all of your personal events to your calendar, and you should be adding your daily schedule to your calendar, your calendar should look like a complete cluster F because honestly it is, and you should also be blocking out your work.

time. Your time is meaningful. Create a calendar that looks like your time is meaningful because it is. Now if this makes you uncomfortable then okay you don't have to do the calendar. If you don't have you know leads coming in if if you don't want to fill this thing out

No, that's fine. You could always simplify it to, well, okay, no pressure. I do work on a first come first serve basis, and I'd love to lock down your shoot, and that's your urgency statement. If you hate that, which I would again urge you to like get over it, okay, because.

you need to treat your time as worth something, as valuable. If you hate it for right now, I'll let you skip it for right now. You can skip the urgency step, but I like it. So, the total cost of your package, I don't want to pressure you, your date does have a few other inquiries,

and i want to get you guys booked so we can kind of get it locked in on the counter i can only take one for those dates so this is the line would you like to pay with cash or credit if you don't take cash don't ask for cash okay if it's credit if it's check i don't care what it is but that's the line would you like to pay your deposit via cash

or credit. That's it. Then we stop talking. I have to specifically put this as a step because I know how many of us F this up, including myself. Do you know how many times I have lost thousands of dollars because I don't stop talking?

I present the price, the very first time I did this, when my partner called it out, I was like, would you guys like to pay with cash or credit? And if you needed to make any adjustments, we can do that. What? And Justin just looks at me like, what's wrong with you? What is wrong? Like he, I, he...

He looked like he wanted to reach across the table and strangle me when I did that. We all do this. We make the ask, and then we say something afterwards. So I have to make this a specific step. You're not gonna say something like, what do you guys think? Actually, I can discount this a bit more. I really wanna work with you guys, so what if this? Or actually, how about this? You're simply gonna make the ask.

I need you to get comfortable allowing them to object because as you're going to learn in the actual module and in the roleplay examples, objections give us a place to go. Objections allow us to resolve things before they leave the phone, have those objections, and then go somewhere else. I need them to be comfortable.

be there on the phone for those objections so we can address them. And believe me, objections are a positive thing. They're not a stopping point in the conversation, they're a place to go in the conversation. The stopping point in the conversation is, uh-huh, that sounds good, we're going to get back to you.

That's not good. They're not going to get back to us. So let's go for the close with each and every call. I know it's going to be uncomfortable at first, but again, perfect practice makes perfect. So find your role-playing buddy, practice the four-step close, make sure you can confidently present the solution.

Boldly present price, stop talking and overexplaining, and ask for the close. Okay, so pause here. Make sure you have a role play scheduled, and then you can continue on the next lesson. All right, wrapping up this module, remember that your complete sales handbook, so I have a handbook that I've given you that gives you...

you not only because, you know, following the lectures, it could be difficult to remember the exact things that we're saying and how we're approaching it. So I've given you a handbook. That handbook literally has all of it. It's in your brand and strategy guide. So it's under the resources as well, but it's basically a summary of all the scripts and what I've done as well in this, I'll just go ahead and pull it.

up so you guys can see it. What I've also done in this is I've broken this out to cover kind of all the different psychology we've talked about in case at any point you want to give this to somebody that's going to handle your sales process or if you just want to review it yourself. And then there's also a script and role-playing section here where I kind of give you ideas on how this

changes based on if we're looking at a wedding, if we're looking at boudoir, if we're looking at family maternity pet photography, if it's commercial corporate clients, you know obviously it's gonna shift a little bit there. It's gonna be the same basic principles although some of the words are gonna shift a bit like again going back to that boudoir example it'd be weird to be like which one

One of these naked photographs of you, would you like to hang up on the wall of your home? That doesn't make any sense. So we kind of transpose it into, say, an album, like a boudoir album. We change a little bit of the wording, but this gives you a quick reference guide, and also it's gonna have details on the phone consultations, which we're gonna cover in the next module, as well as objection handling, which we're gonna cover as well.

So use this as a reference to all the material that we've discussed here and holler if you have any questions.