say this because I often get asked like, why do we specifically want them to imagine their home? That's why, because we wanna start this process of turning the truck, right? One of the common things they might say there is like, oh, well, we're moving into a new place, we don't know where yet. That's okay, like just work around it. Say, oh, it's okay. Why don't you think of the space you're in now?

and just think of a spot where you might hang something in your in your current home or your current apartment. It's okay they're gonna say things and they're gonna be like oh they're gonna take things very literally help them work past it. Okay once they respond we kind of play a little bit deeper into that vision right so we would say okay so

So what space are you thinking of? Now, if you're doing this as a couple, I would let them know, we don't have to be thinking about the same spot. So if you wanna hang in a different spot, if she wants to hang in, that's totally fine. They give you the idea of where it is. And let's say that they say it's the living room above the couch, okay? I would say something like this.

Alright, so let's imagine the living room space above the couch, I don't know, maybe that's like 8 feet wide, is that a good guess? It doesn't have to be exact. The reason why I'm saying that is because I say, is, is, oh, tell me how, you know, how big is that wall? They're going to immediately go back to neocortex thinking, right? They're going to immediately go back to like...

Oh, well, we're going to need to measure that and we'll get back to you. No, I just want to guess, right? So I would imagine that's roughly eight feet. It doesn't have to be exact. Is that about right? Okay. We wait for the confirmation. Then we go a little bit more. We start setting a little bit of anchors. We start creating some limitations as well. Now, the anchor that we're going to set is actually.

a price anchor to help them understand like where our pricing is and to see if there's any major objections right there because that'll clue us in in terms of like art is this client potentially qualified right so I would say something like okay so I have a question but there are a few things that I want you to keep in mind before I ask you this question okay first a professionally

Printed and framed image in that space. Let's say it's gonna be like a 30 by 40 that might cost say $2,000 if you were to print that through the studio, okay The price isn't something that I want you to focus on right now because there's no commitment right now You don't need to buy anything right now. I just want you to to to know

that this is gonna be an investment essentially. Now, if you are offering digitals, like for us with our weddings, we charge everything upfront, so it's an upfront model, right? Then I would add this next line. If you're doing IPS and you're charging in the reveal, don't do this line. Just give them the price anchor and that's it, right? And for an IPS,

person they might, I'll give you a version of that line, but for the upfront person I would say you know the price isn't too important because you could print this on your own, you could have it framed on your own, but that's still going to be an investment right, because now you're spending your time and your money to get this done right and to get it up onto your wall. So what I'm trying to get at is whether you do it.

through my studio, whether you do it on your own, this is gonna be investment. Does that make sense? Okay, now if this is the IPS version, I would say, okay, that's, we're gonna imagine a frame print right now, but this isn't something that you have to buy. Honestly, we have a lot of different types of collections, we can do albums, we can do a lot of different things. For right now,

Although, let's just imagine we're gonna create a print that goes up on the wall, okay? Keep in mind, I gave you a sales handbook that's gonna have different versions of this based on what type of service that you're offering, okay? So reference that please, because in boudoir, you wouldn't say we're gonna hang up a naked picture of you on the wall.

on the wall, right? That would just make no sense whatsoever. So there's a different, the slight modifications there depending on what it is that you're doing. So next, I'm gonna say this. So we kind of create a little more limitations, right? And if they push back and they say, well, why is price so important right now? You go, because I'm gonna ask you a question.

I want to know what image is important to you. I actually, I want you to think of that being an investment because I want to know what image is so valuable to you that you would hang it up, that you would pay for it to be on the wall. Just, but stick with me for just a second. And again, we're not committing to anything right now. This is just a visualization exercise. So anytime you get pushback.

Just clarify, help them understand this is just an exercise. And now I'm gonna say, okay, so next, you're gonna see this photograph multiple times a day because it's hung, and in this case, it would be the living room above the couch, right? So it needs to be something that you would truly love, right, because you're gonna see it all the time.

and they go yes and we're going to be taking tons of different pictures during your whatever type of shoot we're doing during your family session so i'm going to limit you though to just one photograph because it's a print it's a frame print so you get just one choice of the 100 plus images we create only one can go there this

is turning the truck, getting it turned around so that when we ask this next question, they're in the right headspace. When I say setting up the correct emotional space for this, this is exactly what we're talking about because now the big question is going to land.

So, okay, with all of that, what is the one photograph from your family session or whatever type of shoot that you would value so much that you'd spend money on it, that you'd wanna see it every single day hung in the living room in that spot? What is that one image?

Now you wait and you listen. What are we listening for? I want you to listen to the words they use to describe the image. I want you to pay attention to what particular first image comes up. I want you to listen to all of the details that they use, the particular vocabulary that they're sharing.

because everything that they're going to share with you are going to give you ideas into the way that they think okay so we're listening intently in this part now it means something I need you to recognize this it means something if I'm if this is a wedding and the first image that pops into my mind

is like well we spent $100,000 on florals and I want to get this grand picture at the ceremony site with like all of it and us in the center that means something right because I could have picked any image but what that tells me as a photographer is maybe this person might value

epic imagery. Maybe they value the pageantry side of this like the kind of elaborate design and maybe they value that because they spend a lot of time on that. Whatever comes to mind means something. If I said well us on the ceremony like at the altar with our family right behind us as

we're exchanging rings, that image means the world and I bet there's gonna be like something funny or some sort of a joke. I wanna capture like all the laughter and things that are not, that means something. Okay, this person must be very family oriented. This person wants an image that's in the moment, their life.

laughing, they want something genuine, something authentic. If we're talking about a maternity shoot, and I say, like, as the father, we've tried many times to have a baby, and this is our first. I just want to get a shot of my wife. She's healthy. She's beautiful.

want to see her tummy. That means something. Why that particular image versus something else? Right? And you'd carry that over to like the newborn photograph. What might that mean there? That photograph with my baby with the hand wrapped.

around my finger, that would probably be a very precious photograph to me. The decision that somebody makes in this choice means the world, and you're gonna play in deeper to better understand, but it's not the image that we care about. Of course, I wanna create that image they deserve.

describe. Of course that that's part of it, but that's not what we're there to do. We're there to understand why they chose that. So after they're hearing, or after you're hearing their words, I want you to start inferring their values. Now there might be a little step between this, like if I were to say like what else might I add to part five, it'd be...

That's so interesting. You picked the ceremony site and this ring exchange moment. Can you unpack that for me for a second? This is my favorite word, by the way. My favorite phrase in psychology is unpack this. If you ever want to understand somebody a little bit deeper, can you unpack that? Tell me what you mean by that. Can you unpack that? Why did you pick that image? What does that mean to you?

I want you to play in deeper yeah well on the same way say who's in the background of that photograph who would we see clearly if they go well isn't that your decision because you might get some this isn't pushback this is people not understanding what it is you're trying to do don't let it freak you out if they ask a question

like that I would say well yeah but I mean this is why I ask right because we're putting this photograph in the wall of your home and I want to know what what means the world to you like for example I could take that that same shot from the back of the the room where all the guests are watching you in that moment or I could take that same photograph up close where we can see

your family members and people, what do you feel like would be more meaningful to you? And we listen again. So we wanna unpack, oh, it's a shot of the two of you, where would we be at? What would the background be in this photograph? Oh, you picked the beach. Is there a particular significance?