Okay, step 14, how to close every client. I'm excited for this chapter, because now this, I should say, module, it's all about what we call the WAVE. You've probably heard about it in the course, in the program, we've talked about it, we do various role plays. This is where you're gonna actually learn the details of how to actually do it.

do the wave in a sales consultation. And knowing how to do this, you're gonna be able to like literally understand someone's wants, their needs, their values. You can hold them there in the limbic system. You can close effortlessly understanding how to basically tap into what somebody needs and what they value.

Wave is gonna be kind of the key to being able to consistently sell without ever feeling like you're selling. To be able to consistently and with confidence make the close. Or at least go for the close, okay? And we'll talk about why that's so important to go for the close on the call as we get into,

into the next module and whatnot. We have a specific module on objections and objection handling. Okay, just a quick reminder, everything we're gonna cover is pretty fast paced. So this is another section where you're gonna get a lot of value from by pausing, by implementing, by repeating. Honestly, when it comes.

the sales material, what I would say is, I want you to go through it once, digest as much as you can of it, okay? Then do one or two sales calls. Ideally, I like to record them. And then come back through the lesson material at that point, because this is gonna crystallize so quickly and you're gonna gain more and more insights each time.

time you review it. So in this section especially, modules 12 through 16, please review, please implement, and please repeat the process because you're gonna level up your sales skills very quickly by doing so. Between sessions, if you have any questions, remember we have the mentorship group. Great place to ask questions, seek advice, feedback, and

Also, of course, sharing wins and aha moments, as well as finding a partner for role plays. Role playing is gonna be a big thing when it comes to sales, so that you can put yourself in kind of an environment where you simulate the stress, or even go beyond maybe the stress of like a typical sales call, so that you can practice and get good. And when you actually.

jump onto an actual call, it becomes that much easier, okay? So, find a partner, a buddy, that you guys can do role plays with, and the mentorship group is the place to do that. All right, let's go ahead and dive into the first lesson. What is the value of the photograph? This is one of those ideas

that I wanna bring up because there's a bit of mindset work that I wanna do in this space. There's a fear or this self-doubt that I'm worried, I'm concerned that what I'm doing, it just isn't worth the money, right? I mean, after all, picking up a camera and taking a picture, anybody could do that. And we have this feeling of like deep down, I'm scared.

Whether we acknowledge this consciously or whether it's just kind of in our subconscious, we are scared to charge more money for the thing that we're doing. We're scared to ask for that money because we intrinsically kind of stress. We worry that what we're doing is just not valuable enough. So that's why I wanted to create this lesson to talk about this idea of

of what's the value of a photograph and what are you truly, actually doing? Now, I'm gonna start with this question of what is the purpose or the emotional value of a photograph? And I want you to think about it for just a moment. If you'd like, you can pause the video here just to think on this before continuing. But what I wanna get to...

is this idea that the value of a photograph is basically this psychological anchor, okay? What it means is, a photograph is really this reminder that takes you back to a particular memory. Could be a belief, could be a memory, could be anything, but it takes you back to a particular moment, right? And this is, by the way, kind of the...

general definition of just an anchor. So oftentimes, whether we're reading a psychology book or whether we're reading a business book that talks about mindset, often we talk about the idea of an anchor as something that takes you back to a place, right? Especially in the space of neuro-linguistic programming, where we talk about, like in NLP, they talk about setting anchors that

root you in a feeling of success, that root you in a feeling of confidence. All of this is really talking about the same overall mechanism, okay? The mechanism is an anchor, takes you back to a specific memory, a particular belief, it takes you back to something. And a photograph is literally just that, it's an anchor.

Right, so I have a little bit of an exercise that I want to do with you to help you really dial in and understand this principle. We're going to call this exercise testing your worth, but really what we're doing is is kind of trying to understand our actual role as photographers. So here's the exercise. I want you to

close your eyes and spend a moment to think of one of your favorite photographs. It could be of you, it could be of someone that you love. I just want you to think of one of your favorite images of all time, okay? And a photograph that you love. It's either a photograph of you or someone you love.

Spend a minute there. I'm gonna give you a second again. Feel free to pause if you'd like a little more time here What I want to ask next is as you hold that image in your mind I want you to tell me and obviously this is a video, but I want you to think out loud What do you value or appreciate about that image?

Okay, what do you value or appreciate about that image? For me personally, if I think of a particular photograph that I love, one of the ones that jumps into my head is this photograph of me and my father in my childhood where we're on an airstrip.

we're at an airshow basically and behind us is like this b-52 bomber it's my dad holding me I've got this giant fro and it's the first image to pop to my mind and and one because it showed my relationship with my father him bringing me over from Tehran as immigrants and him still trying to find time to

to spend with me doing something that I enjoyed and I loved airplanes at the time. So it's a very fond memory that I have and it's one of my all time favorite photographs that we have together. Notice that what I love about that image has nothing to do with the type of film that it was shot on.

the way that it was photographed, the light in the image, it's not great light, it was actually shot in midday sun. What I love about the image has nothing to do with how it was posed, it has nothing to do with whether it looks like a professional image or not, and I'll bet that for you, when you thought about that image that you loved, what you appreciate about it

had nothing to do with those technical aspects of photography. The point of all this is this idea that I need you to recognize that you're not a photographer. I mean, we are in the sense of like, this is our tool, this is our medium, right? But your job is not to click the button.

to take pictures. Your job is to actually understand what it is that someone values and appreciates and to look to create these meaningful moments, these physical anchors in an image that can remind them of those important moments, those important values, the love that someone has.

has, the memories, that is our role as a photographer. And so when we think about our role, when we think about what it is that we do, if we're thinking about it in the sense of all I do is click a button, then we're right to think that there's not a lot of worth, there's not a lot of value.

in that idea, right? But when we think about this on a deeper level, when we think about what we're truly there to create, these meaningful memories, and that requires us to actually step into their shoes. That requires us to actually ask questions, to be curious, to know who they are, to understand what it is that they appreciate.

then we get to something that is incredibly valuable. And I can ask the question, what is the value of that service to a client? See, the value of setting up what we envision as far as like what photography is, and often a lot of consumers might even think this way too, right? Is that photography is simply

act of pushing a button. I mean I could set up a tripod and put the camera up and just put a timer up if that's the case right and you'd be correct if that is what we're doing if that is how we're approaching the service then absolutely there's not a lot of value in that the value is just the time that it took to set it up maybe the time and renting the gear that's it but if what we're

about is stepping into someone's life to understand what they value, what they appreciate, and to help create something that would be meaningful to them. We go far beyond a simple technical skill, a technical trade, and now we are creative professionals who are delivering something of true meaning.

of true worth to somebody. Now the question that I often get and and you guys have if you've ever heard me speak live about this you probably know is what about AI you know my question is for for years now ever since we started using AI several years back I think it's been three four years now I've been saying

experiential photography is fine. As long as you are an experiential photographer, you're good to go. What that means is experiential is in the sense of like, well, we're documenting someone's wedding, we're documenting a newborn, we're documenting a maternity session, we're documenting an astronaut.

aspect of somebody's real life. This is someone's real life experience put into a photograph, right? And we're creating something tangible and real based on the things that they value. That is always gonna hold value in comparison to AI. Because, really, if you were to ask me, or I would say 90.