Okay, so now we are presenting the value and the solution. This part is pretty dang easy, okay? And we've kind of already talked a little about that. But basically, now that you know what it is they value, now you've tied a kind of like different aspects of the day, the shoot, whatever it is we're talking about, you start getting an idea of which package, which collection, which service would be a good fit for them. And this is when you just simply present the solution and how it fits their need, right? So it's really quite simple. In the.

process of presenting the solution, all you're gonna do is reiterate why you're making that decision. Like, this is why I feel like it fits this. I think it's something you'd appreciate. It's gonna result in the exact images that they value. So along the way that you're doing this, you're basically just parroting back to them using the language that they've used so that it kind of is something they can relate to and resonate with. And again, always acting as their advocate, right? So this is really for the most part gonna be your words, but I'm gonna give you a bit of an idea.

of what this would look like. You might start with something like, based on what you've shared with me, I think that this collection is what I feel would be perfect for you because it's going to allow us to do this while also capturing this and also doing this. Now, if you're IPS, right, because that sounds more like an upfront model. If you're IPS and you're gonna sell on the reveal, you say, based on what you shared with me, honestly, I feel like you're gonna love

getting the album, and maybe even a few prints in the home. That's the collection I think will make the most sense. That being said, we don't have to make that decision right now. We'll actually do that process in the reveal. You can choose, and we can always adjust, but just from what you've explained with me, I think you'd appreciate those items. And then you kind of feel it out, like is that, would you guys like to have the album as kind of what you're thinking is album and maybe some wall art? See where they're at.

And then immediately we start moving basically to the close. So what we're doing in the IPS version of that is just giving them an idea of what we think would be good because they're gonna choose in the collection itself. They're gonna choose when you do the reveal. And the collection can always change. So now it's this value-based close and we're gonna go specifically to the close. And with this, it becomes so easy. When a client sees that you're bringing them.

that you not only are offering a valuable service, but that it's tied to understanding them, relating to them, knowing what they value, then it really just comes to actually making the ask. And then we get awesome wins like these, like Gretchen's hitting her first 10K a month, Jorge 30K. Sales becomes a very simple process for that. I think Thomas calls it the magical booking tool. There's no magic about it. All of us have this core.

need to be understood. We all want to feel understood. We want someone that can relate to us and we want to spend money with the businesses and the brands that we feel we can connect with. That's it. There's no magic here other than simply learning how to connect with somebody on a meaningful level. Okay so I want you to avoid these common mistakes when you're presenting your solution and service. Okay so presenting based on their wants is what you should be doing.

because you don't know their needs, meaning you're not selling to your wallet, you're selling to theirs. This is a really common thing where we don't present something that's expensive because we're worried and we can't pay for it ourselves. That's presenting to your wallet, not theirs. Present based on their wants. Let them decide what they need. Okay, that means if they want something that's all out, fine. Let it be all out. Let them decide. I already said that. Okay.

Allow them to decide if something's out of budget, meaning it's okay if they're gonna object. That's fine. We're gonna talk about that. We have a specific module just for objection handling, okay? Don't stress out about it. And remember that this isn't about you. It's not about what you would choose. It's not about what you would pay for. It's about them. So get out of your own way in this process. Now, this is the opening to the close. So based on what you've shared with me, this is what I feel like would be best. In the next lesson, I'm gonna give you the specific.

or step close that follows this. Let's hit that now.