Let me just quickly go through common wave mistakes. Again, if you're going through this material for the first time, I really don't expect you to do too much with this right now because you haven't practiced it yet, right? As you practice the wave in both role plays and real consultations, I want you to review them and you're gonna see these common wave mistakes come up and then I want you to address them. So I think I have the six kind of most common ones. Oops, I think I flipped my screen. Let me go back to.

Side by side, there we go. So the six most common mistakes. Number one is treating the wave like it's this script that you memorize verbatim, right? It's not. I don't need you to memorize the words verbatim. The steps, those parts of the wave are what's key. And as you watch me do role plays, as you watch me do the wave, there's never one time where I'm saying the same words the same way, right? In fact, with the specific role play example I gave you with Meredith, we go on crazy tangents and I have.

to kind of keep bringing it back to wherever we are in the wave so it's not a script that you're trying to memorize verbatim it's a process that you're trying to understand so don't treat it like like a script mistake number two is forcing someone into the wave without properly addressing questions or concerns first and the most common one is like a pricing question right they want to talk pricing we want to get them in the wave if someone wants to talk pricing just give them the basic answer well

my packages start at this and most of my clients will spend around this on their collection okay but that being said i'd love to figure out what it is that you understand sorry i'd love to figure out what it is that you value and once i understand that then i can kind of give you a package give you a collection that would make a lot of sense and give you an exact price would it be okay if i do an exercise with you if they're still stuck on price don't keep pushing forward right if if they're

we're still stuck on something, we got to address it. So if I respond back and like, well, I just want to know like, if I have this much, what am I gonna get from it? I don't need you to give me a price sheet in that moment. I don't need you to spend all this time in that moment to discuss price. I just need more clarity. Oh, for that price range, we'll definitely find a great solution for you. For example, we could do albums, we could do these prints, we could do, there's a lot of stuff. We won't exactly know what.

want until we we have the rest of the conversation first. It's kind of like if you were buying a car or something and you're walking and saying I want to know the price of a car I'd kind of need to know what your needs are first before I can tell you which car would be a good fit right and that's my goal right now is to understand that but you're definitely in the right price range and we'll find a really great collection for you. Once I have that reassurance then it's do you mind me continuing with the exercise I ask at that point to continue on.

on but that's one of the big mistakes is someone is hung up on something most commonly it's pricing and the photographer will keep pushing them into the wave when they're not ready and their headspace stays with whatever problem that was like that they're stuck with essentially so while you're even if they agree to go through the wave with you their their mind is still stuck on the question that they had that you didn't answer okay mistake number three is moving from one

step of the wave to the next, when someone is stuck within the wave itself, or not understanding kind of like this current or prior step of the wave, right? So if someone's weirded out by the fact that you're asking them to visualize their home, spend a moment to say, oh, this is gonna make sense in a moment, I know it's a bit odd, and you're not committing, because a lot of them will be like, oh, but I don't wanna buy a print right now. Oh, I know, I know you don't wanna buy a print right now, this is just a visualization exercise, and you're not committing to anything right now, don't stress.

Whatever they're feeling, alleviate it. Relieve it before you continue the next step. Don't simply say that one line and be like, okay, yeah, we'll just hold on to that for a second. This'll make more sense in a second. And then go to the next piece. Address it. Okay. Did I number these wrong? That should've been number four. Mistake number four is not playing in deeper to understand and fully describe the one single image they end up choosing. Meaning, like, they'll get to an image and be like, oh.

I've heard this a lot, they'll get to that final image and be like, oh yeah, I really want a photograph of my wife and I on the beach in her maternity gown. And then the photographer's like, I'm gonna get that photo, isn't it important that I know that's the photograph you want? And then I'm like, but there's other photos that I want too, it's not just that one, I don't know what's going on. So this is, again,

We kind of are thinking about this as like, oh, I gotta go to the next step. No, we need to plan deeper. Oh, tell me why is it, why is it that first, you thought of the beach first? Why? Help me understand that. Is that a place of significance for the two of you? Oh, that's where we met. Oh my God, how did you both meet? Okay, and your wife at the beach, the maternity gown, like tell me, what would the two of you be doing in that photograph? I don't know, isn't that your?

decision as the photographer? Well, yeah, I get what you mean by that, but like, for example, you could be looking at each other, and it could be this kind of intimate, heartfelt moment that feels kind of candid, or it could be something that's a little more traditional, where you're looking into the camera, and then she might chime in and go, I really want the image where we look at each other. I want it to, tell me why it is. Oh, I just don't like images that feel posed, and I want this to feel real. Okay, so knowing that you want it to feel real, knowing that.

The beach is a place that you met. If we weren't doing a photo shoot, what would the two of you be doing at the beach? We love going on walks with our dog and the three of us are just there and now we're welcoming someone new in our family. Okay, so what if this, what if we actually brought your dog out to the shoot and this beautiful moment where you're on the beach, you're walking, you're talking, there's a smile between the two of you, your dog is playing. What is your dog's name? Rufus. Okay, and Rufus is playing

and we get this photograph, we can see your belly, we can see the dress flowing, and you guys are just laughing and talking and in the moment, would that feel like an image you would value, like you would appreciate? Oh my God, that would be us, that is so us. Okay, I wanna go into this further, because this changes the way that we approach the shoot. Does that make sense? So mistake number five is not playing in deeper to understand why.

they're choosing that image. But instead, we kind of just, we're like, oh, isn't it important that I take that picture? Well, yeah, I mean, it's important that you take that and a bunch of other ones. Okay, now mistake number five is thinking the wave was about the one single image, because it's not. It's about the reason why they're choosing that image. The beach had significance, right, in this example that we gave. The walk has significance. The bringing their dog to this has significance. It's why are they choosing this thing?

Because if I know that, look, knowing that you want your dog, is this like, I don't know, tell me if I'm wrong, but do you all feel like this is your family, the three of you with your dog and you're welcoming baby in? And do you feel like we should bring Rufus into each of these? Because he's part of the family too, right? Is that the way you feel? Yes. Rufus has been with us for 10 years. He's getting older now. And he's not as active as he used to be. We want to.

We wanna be able to remember this moment. Don't you feel like we should plan other aspects of this too where we bring Rufus into it? What if we actually started this at the home and maybe it was a photograph of the three of you on the porch? Anyway, you get where I'm going with this. It's not about the one image. It's about how they describe, why did they choose that one image? What do they value? And how do those values affect the rest of this shoot? How could we create images that are that much more meaningful?

for them. Mistake number six is then not applying those Y's to the actual value board and at the same time showing them practically how it changes your approach to the shoot, which is what I just did. Mistake number six is like, thank you for describing that image to me. I know we're going to do the walk, we're going to do all these things. Let's go ahead and get you guys booked. What's really important is you're...

photographer that I know that image, right? And then it gets me back to, well, are you just creating the one photograph? I'm a little bit concerned now. Are you taking us to one photograph? Is that what we're getting? And I can't agree to that yet because I don't know, like, okay, you've had me describe one photograph. How does that apply to everything? What do you mean? Like, what am I agreeing it to that isn't important that I understand what, you know, I've described one photograph. These things don't make sense without.

playing deeper without showing them practically how understanding them changes your approach. So spend time there to actually help them understand what this means in terms of the way that you're going to approach their shoot. Only after that do you anchor it and say isn't it important that I as your photographer understand this because can you see how knowing your values has totally changed the way that we do your shoot. Then they go yes.

Yes, now I can see that, I can recognize that. Okay, these six mistakes are so common that again, like first time going through this, you're gonna be like, I'm not gonna make any of those mistakes, I don't even wanna know what those are, that's not gonna be me. And then as soon as you start doing this process, you'll find yourself getting stuck with each one of them. So address them, it's okay, like, I'm not looking for perfection, I want you to understand this. I asked you to record all of your sales calls, I asked you to.

view them. I don't expect you move from one sales call to the next. You were making six mistakes and now you're making none. What I expect is with each one of these times through the next sales console, okay, I'm no longer making that mistake. Okay, I fixed this. And after 20 of these iterations, now you are dialed, but please give yourself some time and some patience in this process. Sales is a big thing. You're learning a, a very important skill that requires a lot of, again, unwinding, unlearning.

as well as learning and give yourself grace in that process.