Okay, step 14, how to close every client. I'm excited for this chapter because now this, I should say module, it's all about what we call the wave. You've probably heard about it in the course, in the program, we've talked about it, we do various role plays. This is where you're gonna actually learn the details of how to actually do the wave in a sales consultation. And knowing how to do this, you're gonna be able to like literally understand someone's wants, their needs, their values. You can hold.

them there in the limbic system. You can close effortlessly understanding how to basically tap into what somebody needs and what they value. So the wave is going to be kind of the key to being able to consistently sell without ever feeling like you're selling. To be able to consistently and with confidence make the close or at least go for the close. Okay and we'll talk about why that's so important to go for the close on the call as we get into

into the next module and whatnot. We have a specific module on objections and objection handling. Okay, just a quick reminder, everything we're gonna cover is pretty fast paced. So this is another section where you're gonna get a lot of value from by pausing, by implementing, by repeating. Honestly, when it comes to sales material, what I would say is I want you to go through it once, digest as much as you can of it, okay? Then do one or two sales calls. I'd.

Ideally, I like to record them. And then come back through the lesson material at that point because this is gonna crystallize so quickly and you're gonna gain more and more insights each time you review it. So in this section especially, modules 12 through 16, please review, please implement, and please repeat the process because you're gonna level up your sales skills very quickly by doing so. Between sessions, if you have any questions, remember we have the mentorship group. Great place to ask questions, seek advice, feedback,

Also, of course, sharing wins and aha moments, as well as finding a partner for role plays. Role playing is gonna be a big thing when it comes to sales, so that you can put yourself in kind of an environment where you simulate the stress, or even go beyond maybe the stress of like a typical sales call, so that you can practice and get good, and when you actually jump onto an actual call, it becomes that much easier, okay? So, find a partner, a buddy, that you guys can do role plays with, and the mentorship group is the place to do that.

All right, let's go ahead and dive into the first lesson.