and they say well why is price so important right now you go because I'm gonna ask you a question I want to know what image is important to you I actually I want you to think of that being an investment because I want to know what image is so valuable to you that you would hang it up that you would pay for it to be on the wall just but stick with me for just a second and again we're not committing to anything right now this is just a visualization exercise so anytime you get pushback just clarify help them understand this is just an exercise and now

gonna say okay so next you're gonna see this photograph multiple times a day because it's hung and in this case would be the the living room above the couch right so it needs to be something that you would truly love right because you're gonna see it all the time and they go yes and we're gonna be taking tons of different pictures during your whatever type of shoot we're doing during your family session so I'm gonna limit you though to just one photograph because it's a print it's a frame print so you get just one choice of the 100 plus

images we create, only one can go there. This is turning the truck, getting it turned around so that when we ask this next question, they're in the right head space. When I say setting up the correct emotional space for this, this is exactly what we're talking about, because now the big question is gonna land. So okay, with all of that, what is the one photo...

from your family session or whatever type of shoot that you would value so much that you'd spend money on it, that you'd wanna see it every single day hung in the living room in that spot. What is that one image? Now you wait and you listen. What are we listening for? I want you to listen to the words that they use to describe the image. I want you to pay attention to what particular first image comes up. I want you to listen to all.

All of the details that they use, the particular vocabulary that they're sharing, because everything that they're going to share with you are going to give you ideas into the way that they think. So we're listening intently in this part. Now it means something. I need you to recognize this. It means something. If this is a wedding and the first image that pops into my mind is like, well, we spent $100,000 on florals, and I want to get this grand.

picture at the ceremony site with all of it and us in the center, that means something, right? Because I could've picked any image. But what that tells me, as a photographer, is maybe this person might value epic imagery. Maybe they value the pageantry side of this, like the kind of elaborate design, and maybe they value that because they spent a lot of time on that. Whatever comes to mind means something. If I said, well, us on the ceremony.

at the altar with our family right behind us as we're exchanging rings, that image means the world and I bet there's gonna be something funny or some sort of a joke. I wanna capture all the laughter and things that are natural. That means something. Okay, this person must be very family oriented. This person wants an image that's in the moment, they're laughing, they want something genuine, something authentic. If we're talking about a maternity shoot,

And I say, as the father, we've tried many times to have a baby and this is our first. I just wanna get a shot of my wife. She's healthy, she's beautiful. I wanna see her tummy. That means something. Why that particular image versus something else? Right, and you'd carry that over to the newborn photograph. What might that mean?

there, that photograph with my baby with the hand wrapped around my finger, that would probably be a very precious photograph to me. The decision that somebody makes in this choice means the world, and you're going to play in deeper to better understand, but it's not the image that we care about. Of course, I want to create that image they describe. Of course, that's part of it, but that's not what we're there to do. We're there to understand why they.

He chose that. So after you're hearing their words, I want you to start inferring their values. Now, there might be a little step between this. Like if I were to say, what else might I add to part five? It'd be, that's so interesting. You picked the ceremony site and this ring exchange moment. Can you unpack that for me for a second? This is my favorite word, by the way. My favorite phrase in psychology is unpack this. If you ever wanna understand somebody a little bit deeper, like, can you unpack that? Tell me what you mean by that.

Can you unpack that? Why did you pick that image? What does that mean to you? I want you to play in deeper. Yeah, well, on the same way, say, who's in the background of that photograph? Who would we see clearly? If they go, well, isn't that your decision? Because you might get some, this isn't pushback, this is people not understanding what it is you're trying to do. Don't let it freak you out. If they ask a question like that, I would say, well, yeah, but I mean, this is why I ask, right? Because we're putting this photograph on the wall of your home.

I wanna know what means the world to you. Like for example, I could take that same shot from the back of the room where all the guests are watching you in that moment. Or I could take that same photograph up close where we can see your family members and people. What do you feel like would be more meaningful to you? And we listen again. So we wanna unpack. Oh, it's a shot of the two of you? Where would we be at? What would the background be in this photograph?

Oh, you picked the beach. Is there a particular significance to that? Why the beach? Oh, it's because the two of you always do date night at the beach on the walks. That's amazing. I feel like what if we actually chose a spot like that for maybe the engagement session? Everything that they share with you is going to give you ideas. And a huge mistake in this spot is after they describe the image is not playing in deeper to understand.

Help me to clarify that help me paint the picture of what this image looks like What's so important in it and make sure that you understand why? Then after that we hit this piece of part six Based on what you've shared with me I'm gonna take a guess at your values and what we're gonna do is put together a kind of value board. Okay? What this means is I? Want to know aesthetically what images you love and we'll create a mood board for that but

I wanna know what images you value and that's what the value board is there for. What is truly meaningful to you? So help me know, am I on the mark or is there anything that you tweak or adjust here? It's okay if I'm completely wrong too. And then we start to infer things. You said that that closeup shot on the altar with you exchanging rings with your family in the photograph, that's important to you. Would it be fair to say that like, you would appreciate a nice artistic image?

during getting ready moment, but would you appreciate that more if maybe it was a genuine moment where mom was there helping you get ready and maybe she was sharing a few nice words with you? Okay, you mentioned the beach. I'm doing like different clients, different responses, right? You mentioned the beach because that's a place that you guys frequently spend time. Would you appreciate if maybe for the engagement session, what if we actually, it was.

Not so much like just going to a pretty location taking pretty pictures, but what if we actually made this a date where you went to the beach and you guys do what you normally do, but we document it and create these beautifully artistic moments that are genuine, that feel real to you. Would that be something you would value? You play these words back and you infer their value sets and how it applies to different aspects of the way that you're gonna approach the shoot. This is what's.

meaningful about the process. This is why we're doing it. After doing this, we've completed step six, we've made all these inferences, we know now what it is that they want. We've completed this checklist. We haven't even picked up the camera, but I know who they are as an individual, as people. I know, and you, you know what they appreciate, what they value. You understand the language, their common language. What are the words they typically use? Doctors are gonna use different language.

than psychologists who are gonna use different language than accountants who are gonna use different language than business owners. We wanna speak in their language, in their words, the words that resonate with them. You also know the exact images you need to capture, the types of images that they would appreciate. And at the same time, we've given them an anchor and a price point to what we actually would charge for prints. So for those of you that do IPS, that's super helpful. Even for those of us that are just trying to qualify.

a client to make sure that they can spend a good amount of money on the package, we've done that too. All of these things are done in that process. This is where I get the idea, the saying where I'm like, being a better salesperson will make you a better photographer. So upon finishing the wave, this last little step, part seven, you're going to reiterate some of the things that you've learned and we're going to set a cognitive dissonance anchor. So this can be really anywhere in this.

that we can do this, right? But once we're really connecting, once they understand how we've applied these values to the rest of this shoot, how we're gonna plan the shoot around their values, that's when I say, I love doing this exercise with my clients because don't you feel like as your photographer, it's critical that I know exactly what you appreciate and value? Now, they might just instantly know what you're saying and be like, yes, completely.