What is the value of the photograph? This is one of those ideas that I wanna bring up because there's a bit of mindset work that I wanna do in this space. There's a fear or this self-doubt that I'm worried, I'm concerned that what I'm doing, it just isn't worth the money, right? I mean, after all, picking up a camera and taking a picture, anybody could do that. And we have this feeling of like deep down, I'm scared. Whether we acknowledge this consciously or whether.

that is just kind of in our subconscious, we are scared to charge more money for the thing that we're doing. We're scared to ask for that money because we intrinsically kind of stress, we worry that what we're doing is just not valuable enough. So that's why I wanted to create this lesson to talk about this idea of what's the value of a photograph and what are you truly actually doing? Now, I'm gonna start with this question of what is the purpose or the emotional value of a photograph? I want you to think about it for just a moment.

If you'd like, you can pause the video here just to think on this before continuing. But what I wanna get to is this idea that the value of a photograph is basically this psychological anchor, okay? What it means is a photograph is really this reminder that takes you back to a particular memory. Could be a belief, could be a memory, could be anything, but it takes you back to a particular moment, right? And this is, by the way, kind of the general definition of just an anchor. So oftentimes in a.

Whether we're reading a psychology book or whether we're reading a business book that talks about mindset, often we talk about the idea of an anchor as something that takes you back to a place, right? Especially in the space of neuro-linguistic programming where we talk about, like in NLP, they talk about setting anchors that root you in a feeling of success, that root you in a feeling of confidence. All of this is really talking about the same overall mechanism, okay? The mechanism is an anchor, takes you back to a specific memory, a particular belief.

it takes you back to something, and a photograph is literally just that, it's an anchor, right? So I have a little bit of an exercise that I want to do with you to help you really dial in and understand this principle. We're gonna call this exercise testing your worth, but really what we're doing is is kind of trying to understand our actual role as photographers. So here's the exercise, I want you to close your eyes and spend a moment to think of

one of your favorite photographs. It could be of you, it could be of someone that you love. I just want you to think of one of your favorite images of all time, okay? And a photograph that you love. It's either a photograph of you or someone you love. Spend a minute there. I'm gonna give you a second. Again, feel free to pause if you'd like a little bit more time here. What I wanna ask next is as you hold that image in your mind, I want you to tell me, and obviously.

this is a video, but I want you to think out loud, what do you value or appreciate about that image? Okay, what do you value or appreciate about that image? For me personally, if I think of a particular photograph that I love, one of the ones that jumps into my head is this photograph of me and my father in my childhood where we're on an airstrip, like we're at an airshow and behind us is like this.

B-52 bomber, it's my dad holding me, I've got this giant fro and it's the first image to pop to my mind and one because it showed my relationship with my father, him bringing me over from Tehran as immigrants and him still trying to find time to spend with me doing something that I enjoyed and I loved airplanes at the time. So it's a it's a very fond memory that I have and it's one of my all-time favorite photographs that we have together. Notice that

What I love about that image has nothing to do with the type of film that it was shot on, the way that it was photographed, the light in the image. It's not great light, it was actually shot in midday sun. What I love about the image has nothing to do with how it was posed, it has nothing to do with whether it looks like a professional image or not. And I'll bet that for you, when you thought about that image that you loved, what you appreciated about it had nothing to do with those technical aspects.

photography. The point of all this is this idea that I need you to recognize that you're not a photographer. I mean we are in the sense of like this is our tool, this is our medium, right? But your job is not to click the button to take pictures. Your job is to actually understand what it is that someone values and appreciates and to look to create these meaningful moments, these physical anchors.

in an image that can remind them of those important moments, those important values, the love that someone has, the memories, that is our role as a photographer and so when we think about our role and when we think about like what it is that we do, if we're thinking about it in the sense of all I do is click a button, then we're right to think that there's not a lot of worth, there's not a lot of value in that idea, right? But when we think about this on a

deeper level, when we think about what we're truly there to create, these meaningful memories, and that requires us to actually step into their shoes. That requires us to actually ask questions, to be curious, to know who they are, to understand what it is that they appreciate. Then we get to something that is incredibly valuable. And I can ask the question, what is the value of that service to a client? Really the value of setting up what we envision as far as what we're going to do with it.

as like what photography is, and often a lot of consumers might even think this way too, right, is that photography is simply the act of pushing a button. I mean, I could set up a tripod and put the camera up and just put a timer up if that's the case, right? And you'd be correct, if that is what we're doing, if that is how we're approaching the service, then absolutely there's not a lot of value in that. The value is just the time that it took to set it up, maybe the time in renting the gear, that's it. But if what we're talking about is stepping into someone's life to understand what they value.

value, what they appreciate and to help create something that would be meaningful to them. We go far beyond a simple technical skill, a technical trade and now we are creative professionals who are delivering something of true meaning, of true worth to somebody. Now the question that I often get and you guys if you ever heard me speak live about this you probably know is what about AI? My question is…

For years now, ever since we started using AI several years back, I think it's been three, four years now, I've been saying experiential photography is fine. As long as you are an experiential photographer, you're good to go. What that means is experiential is in the sense of like, well, we're documenting someone's wedding, we're documenting a newborn, we're documenting a maternity session, we're documenting an aspect of somebody's real life. This is someone's real.

the life experience put into a photograph, right? And we're creating something tangible and real based on the things that they value. That is always gonna hold value in comparison to AI. Because really, if you were to ask me, or I would say 99% of other parents, of other people, nobody wants fake AI-generated images of their wedding day. Nobody wants fake AI-generated images of their children growing up. I want the real thing. I want my children.

being themselves. I want those things documented in a photograph. I don't want faked versions of this. So it's silly to think that an AI could step into a human's life to create something tangible and real based on their values. And that's why in the space of experiential photography, we're good. Now, if the photography that we're offering is not experiential, this is where we're gonna have to start looking at what we're doing and start worrying about competing with AI. But that's not a space that I'm encouraging, really, any of you to be in.

Okay. All right. So during a conversation, whenever you are uncovering a client, a client's value, right? Or anything that's meaningful to them, I want you to come back to that in the session, like in the actual sales consultation and anchor that thing. Remember, an anchor is just something that takes you back to a value, a belief, a memory, anything, right? As you present the solution. So as I present a solution, like, you know, I think this was

be a really great fit for you. This is the right package for you because you mentioned that you appreciate this. You mentioned that one of your values is this. Having this package would allow me to do this and I think that would be something that you would love. Am I correct in that? So during the conversation as we uncover each of these pieces of these values, right, as we create this value board, in the conversation we anchor the solution.

back to those values, back to those beliefs, back to those wants frequently to help them understand how it is that, well, what we're offering applies to the thing that they're wanting or needing. Okay. It's through these anchors that someone's able to actually resolve two conflicting beliefs. See, everybody that comes into the space of purchasing something, right, they have one side is how much do they want to spend, okay? And I say want.

because it's difficult to say like, what can somebody afford? That's a decision that they have to make themselves. Nobody from the outside can really help them make that decision because we don't know their situation, right? So it's really how much they want to spend. And sometimes they can afford much more, but what they want to spend is a certain amount. And that's fine too, right? But there's a certain belief in there in terms of what they want to spend. And then there's a certain belief there in terms of like the quality of product or service that they're trying to purchase. The anchor is how we can help them.

resolve those two conflicting beliefs. And by the way, two conflicting beliefs in psychology terms, this is called cognitive dissonance. This happens all the time. And so typically in the sales space, those two conflicting beliefs is I need to get what I want, but I also want to get what I, I also want to pay what I want to pay. I don't want to go over that amount. Now, oftentimes we're willing to adjust how much we want to spend if the service is what we truly want. And that's what we're really saying here is we create.

these anchor points in this conversation so that someone can as they're evaluating as they're thinking to themselves like what do I really want they can actually weigh those wants against what they expected to spend okay and that's where they can make a decision like well if we go with you know Alessandro then we are going to spend a little bit more money and originally I didn't want to do that but I really feel like he understands what we're looking for I really feel like Carmen knows the types of newborn photos that we want

want to have. I really feel like James can just kill it with our kids' senior portraits, you know, with sports kind of photos. I feel like he'd do such a good job with that. And that belief is how I would resolve, well, I didn't want to spend this much, but I really do want that thing. This is the importance of these anchors, and in understanding what it is that we're doing in creating a photograph, but also in understanding how we.

can anchor specific values within the sales consultation itself. Okay, we're gonna keep going because I know a lot of this feels theoretical and it's not, this is very tactical but it's one of those things that you have to implement, that you have to actually practice and see it happening to kind of realize what exactly is going on and that's gonna come with a bit of time. So let's keep going.