Okay, it is time for pricing and package design. This module is a meaty one. We're gonna cover a lot of stuff here. The primary topics and pain points that we're gonna be going through is, what am I worth? Like, what is this, well, these are kind of mindset topics. These are fear, self-doubts, we're gonna be talking about that, when I should start charging, again, similar thing, but we're also gonna get into very tactical areas, like specifically, how should I price my packages? What should I put in?

into those packages, how do I design them? How do I take in consideration competitors? And along this way, I'm gonna give you a lot of ideas, but I'm also gonna give you very specific tools that actually do the heavy lifting for you, okay? So we'll have lots of guidance on that. We'll talk about when you should raise prices, how you should raise prices, we'll talk about if you're leaving money on the table, when do you send out pricing sheets, we're gonna design your price guides, everything. And then at the end of this, we're even gonna conclude with some bonus topics where.

I kind of help you to develop some financial literacy components that I think are critical pieces as professionals in the space of photography. So really two main components that I noticed that a lot of photographers are missing in their kind of financial toolkit. Let's get right into this because there is a lot to talk about. Once again, heads up, this is gonna be fast-paced. So I believe that education needs to be quick and simple to make it effective, to make it something that you can implement. So feel free to pause.

to any point in time, take time to implement and then repeat the process. If you're going through this course for a second or a third time, you're gonna pick up that much more as you do. So come back to the material, review it. Remember between sessions as well that you have the mentorship group to ask questions. It's a great place to seek feedback from your peers. It's also an awesome place just to share wins and aha moments as well. And I'm in there of course answering questions also. Let's dive right into the first lesson.

The first thing that I want to talk about is the two pricing models and and really I want to distinguish this it's it's very much like two business models and what we're talking about here is basically inclusive models versus IPS or in-person sales and let's define what those are. So an inclusive model this would be something I would describe as ideal within say the wedding space, the event space, any place where there's already an expectation that they're going to get all the images.

is along with a shoe. And where those things are kind of psychologically programmed in is say, for example, weddings or events or even some like commercial jobs. There's just an expectation that what they're paying for is upfront and they're gonna receive everything after. So this is an inclusive model. You generally have an high upfront cost or session fee. You're providing all the digitals or at least a good number of them. And product sales are kind of considered icing on the cake with this business model.

Then we have in-person sales. Okay, so this is what I would say is ideal within portrait niches because The reason why is that it's kind of hard to justify like to make good money as a photographer in the portrait space We really need to be charging more than a thousand dollars per session And ideally we're kind of around fifteen hundred dollars plus and we can you know, hopefully work our way to three four or five thousand It's very difficult to justify that up front

when it comes to just portrait photography. It's a lot easier to justify those costs, that investment, when they've already felt the value and they've seen the experience, they see the imagery, then it becomes really easy. But charging that upfront is rather difficult in the portrait spaces, which is why I would say in-person sales as a model is kind of ideal within portrait spaces. But this is characterized by having a low upfront session fee, right? We might charge, you know, 250 to.

to $500, somewhere in that space for the session fee. Maybe that includes the makeup, the hair, maybe includes some of the basics, the cost of the session, but no digitals are included. And we expect to basically be selling albums and prints. This is the primary service. So that's how we would distinguish these two business models, okay? The question that we have is really like, well, which one is gonna be right for me? I'm gonna give you some thoughts on that. The other idea here that I often will.

here is should I do like a hybrid approach where I'm kind of picking and pulling from a little bit of both of these business models? My thought to that is very simple. I'm not gonna say it's impossible, but I'm gonna advise you to not do that. I don't feel like this is a good idea. Just it creates a lot of complexity. There's a lot of questions. There's friction in the client experience. It's just not a great approach to basically be blending these models. So my suggestion is don't do it, okay? If we were to go and.

and compare these models, by the way, from like, I guess like, what are some of the key differences from a lifestyle perspective? I would say that when we look on the inclusive side, we're looking at something that's a bit more simple and straightforward in terms of like the sales process, right? It's literally, this is what we're gonna be delivering. This is the amount that you pay up front. It's a little bit easier in terms of the sale. I'd also say that it's less time consuming because you're not bringing them in for like say a reveal. They're-

There is no other piece. You're basically doing the sales session once, you're doing the consult, and then it's the photography, and then it's the delivery. There's also guaranteed earning potential, right? Whatever they pay is what you're gonna receive, and anything else that you might make is kind of icing on the cake, but it's kind of few and far between. So you know exactly what you'll be making up front. On the flip side, in terms of those three categories, IPS requires some education. It's not as simple and straightforward. There's some education there, both before the shoot, you know.

during and after in the design session. It's more time consuming. Like you have the design session, you have multiple kind of consults, and there is no guaranteed earning potential. So while you are gonna make your session fee, maybe you make $500, you can make three, four, $5,000. You might also walk away, some clients might just leave with their session fee paid and not end up buying anything. So the actual amount that you earn, it's gonna become more consistent over time.

but it's not guaranteed at any point in time. Now, in contrast, I would say that if we're looking at a portrait model, then IPS has a far greater earning potential. Like this is a model that can take you to, you know, well beyond six figures. You can start getting multi six figures, even up to seven figures by running a really tight IPS model, okay? So there's greater earning potential there. There's end-to-end service as well. What you're delivering is a finished service. You're actually aiming to.

to get albums into their hand, you're aiming to put prints up onto the wall, you're aiming to actually have more than just digital images on their phone or on their computer, hard drive, whatever it is. I would also say that there's a greater value offering. Like in the end, the result, the transformative experience that we can deliver through IPS is far more powerful than simply an inclusive model where you kind of deliver it and leave it all up to them. Okay, so there's definite benefits on this side too. Oftentimes with.

like inclusive, this end-to-end service and the greater value offering, we never really get to that place because we deliver the images and who knows what they do with those images. So the question here is which of these is right for me? What I'd like for you to do is start with kind of what's sustainable for your personality and for your values. And I'd love for you to have that conversation with the niche finder coach. So again, I'm going to pull this up and let's bring it right over to this side. So this is the niche finder.

minor coach that I introduced to you, I believe in, in module one. And what you're gonna do is just say, like hopefully it already has an idea of, like you've already talked to it and you've already kind of had previous conversations and that's great. But either way, you can type something simple. I'm considering IPS versus an inclusive model. Can you help me figure out what's right for me and my personality? Okay. And then basically what it's gonna do is it's gonna follow the step.

So the niche finder coach, but it's by by asking you questions and then it's going to give you guidance Okay, so first a quick check-in Are you clear on the differences or would you like a quick refresher and say, you know, we're just gonna say I'm clear Okay, it'll say well It's gonna ask you when you imagine running the business. What is day-to-day life look like it's gonna ask you several questions It might even ask you your your specific niche where you are all of that And then it's gonna help you to bounce ideas off of it To see if this would be a good fit for you the

The main thoughts here is IPS is a really good fit if you don't mind the sales process and you want an end-to-end service. And by don't mind, it doesn't necessarily mean that you're great at it. It means that you're okay to kind of continue working on it and to continue improving. If you like the sales process or you can learn to like the sales process and you want to deliver this end-to-end experience, then I would say IPS is a really good fit. But if not, then perhaps we wanna go with an inclusive model. My personal take.

is if I'm running a portrait business, I'm gonna choose an IPS business model. It's just the best way to deliver value in the process and to find clients that really appreciate the photography experience. If we're talking wedding or event, I would choose inclusive. And a big part of this has to really do with not fighting the psychology that comes in these spaces. Like in the wedding and event spaces, the trained psychology and what everybody's doing, the general practice.

is that they're charging up front for the service. So to do something different in that space is basically to go against the grain. And I'm really a proponent of kind of following the psychology that's already kind of dominating in a space, okay? And just simply charging what you feel would be appropriate in that area. All right. So this module itself, we're really gonna be focusing, when we talk about package pricing, like designing collections with multiple items and things.

It's really designed for inclusive-based models, okay? For IPS pricing and overall workflow, I have a IPS booster module. That's where I want you to refer to. That being said, if you are gonna do IPS, I don't want you to completely skip this module. I want you to pay, like check out all the areas of this module that speak about mindset because all those things are identical. I want you to catch the bonus areas. I want you to understand financial literacy and even understanding, you know, package development.

helpful. I'm just going to say when we build out pricing and package design specifically, that really only applies to inclusive. Because on the IPS side, if you're doing in-person sales, there really isn't like a package that we would sell to everybody, right? Because everybody's needs are gonna be different. Some people would want wall art, some people want an album, some people want 20 pages in the albums, others want 30. There really isn't like a one-size-fits-all package or even three packages that we could sell. It's very much custom.

for each person. So generally with IPS we're building out all a cart and we might include collection pricing where if they bundle certain things at certain price points they get a collection price. They get a little bit of a discount that comes along with it but we don't do like pre-designed packages with that model. So anything in this module that's really pre-designed packages that's just going to only apply to inclusive based models. Okay there's one question that popped in.

that I think is a relevant question, which is like with IPS, if you have a higher session fee, would you include part of it as like a print credit? And this is an optional thing to you. Again, we'll talk more about this stuff specifically in the IPS booster module. That's where I want you to go for all this. But just to give a quick answer on that, it kind of depends. You can offer a print credit with it, or you can simply say prints and everything is not included. That's totally fine as well. I've seen it both ways. There's not really a.

super valuable thing to having a print credit because people generally know that if you're offering a print credit that your prices are high. They're kind of trained and aware on that at this point. So it's not like, you know, they're like, oh, this is a big thing for me. Okay, that's it for this little kind of primer on these two models. Let's go ahead and dive into this module further with the next lesson and continue with this process of kind of building out our pricing and packages. There we go.

of mindset topic and really big question that I get a lot is when should I start charging money for my services? There's this fear or self doubt that's attached to this. Sometimes it's I'm not good enough to charge money or other times it's kind of nobody's going to pay me to do this. Like we, we kind of doubt our ability to actually earn in this space. There are times when this might be attached to something realistic. Like it could be that, you know, your, your work is just not good.

enough yet, like legitimately it's not at an average professional level yet and where that self-doubt, where that fear is justified and in which case we need to improve our quality of imagery, we need to improve our service to the point where it doesn't have to be award winning but it needs to be an average professional level. So I would say if this fear, if this self-doubt is rooted in something logical then it's pointing you to like this is where some of my effort needs to go. But more often than not, I'd probably say like 4 out of 5.

five times this fear self-doubt has really nothing to do with somebody's quality of work more often than not I see someone that's that's creating great work and yet they still feel this way this imposter syndrome kind of steps in so I want to make this a little bit more simple for for you I want to say look to answer the question of should I charge it's as simple as this do you offer a professional service and the way that I would define that is this you have a decent camera and lens system doesn't need to be anything crazy you have in

or backup, you have average pro level imagery, and we'll talk about that in a second, and you have a workflow with data safety. If you have these four basics, then yes, you should most definitely be charging something for your services. When we're starting out, that something can be a little bit lower, but I want you to get in the habit of actually charging something, and then we're gonna keep raising that over time. Now, what is average pro level imagery? What I mean by this is that the images that you're taking are...

would be the average of what a professional would take. And I don't mean like an established professional, I mean the average professional photographer would take images like this, okay? So it's a step beyond what someone could do on their own with just their phones. So what does that mean? That means it's, you know, decently exposed, they're consistent, you know, okay compositions, okay posing, that's an average professional level. You should be charging something at that point.

Okay, granted with time that's gonna continue improving and we're gonna get to keep raising prices. But I need you to start charging because the only way to kind of start developing confidence and start really actually accepting this value exchange that I'm gonna deliver my service for money, the only way to develop confidence in that is to actually start charging for your work. And the confidence is gonna come with time as we do so. But we have to start. The key to really charging money is just.

Always being a value for the price if you're always delivering more than what you're asking for then It's really not a big issue is it if you're always delivering more than you know internally you can be confident because hey I'm I'm I'm charging them 500 bucks, but I'm delivering them a service that would cost $1,000 So look you're just gonna charge X for a service that's worth 2x and then you can always rest easy with that idea. Okay? But I need to start charging money

for these services. All right, that's it from a mindset standpoint. Let's jump to the next lesson. Next question, what should I charge? This is where we need to get kind of pretty specific, okay? There's this mindset issue, and I almost say that this is a self-limiting belief of like know your worth. I have issues with this statement because more often than not, I see it thrown around in a very arrogant manner. And so what I.

want to say to the idea of know your worth is is kind of kind of okay kind of know your worth the the bottom line is that you're worth what people are willing to pay and and that's it okay the the place where I don't like this thought is when it's used arrogantly and what I mean there's a difference between arrogance and confidence and the way that I would describe these two things is arrogance is an unjustified level of confidence

that comes with no evidence. There's no experience, there's no nothing that backs it up. It's just like, I'm worth $5,000 a day. So I'm not gonna go and do anything. That's my get out of bed rate. You gotta know your worth. So I'm not gonna work with anybody unless it's at least $5,000. And I'm like, so do you get a lot of clients that book you at 5,000? Well, no, that's just what I'm worth. That is arrogance. That is, there is no justification for this, okay? But if you're saying, no.

My get out of bed rate is $5,000 because that is literally what my clients pay me and if I lower my price, I'm going to have too much business, like too much people are going to ask me to shoot with them. That's confidence backed with evidence. So that to me is the difference. Arrogance is without evidence. Confidence is with evidence. So I do want you to know your worth, but I don't want this to stand in the way of taking lower end jobs if that's what you're looking for.

where you're at in your career. Because I have another belief that I pair along with this. There's a simple truth bomb that I'd like to give you, which is in my honest opinion, you're better off shooting a low-budget client versus sitting there in front of your computer waiting for a person that's willing to pay what you're worth. If you're not busy, you're better off taking a lower-budget job than just sitting around waiting for something more. Because at least in doing so, you're improving your skillset, you're going out and building your network,

meeting people, you're creating portfolio images, you're creating content, you're creating material to continue building your business as opposed to just sitting around. So I want this to be the contextual background for everything that we talk about as we move forward. Which brings us to, okay, well, so how much, Pi? How much do I charge? And I have to say that this depends, what you charge depends on your customer demand, it depends on the service experience we're developing, brand recognition, your artistic development. As.

Each of these things improve, so does our ability to charge more, which is why the first five steps of the program are let's build the brand experience. Let's build overall what it is that we're delivering, the service so that we have a brand that's worth respecting because with that comes price respect, okay? And I know you want specifics, but how freaking much? The thing I'm gonna tell you here is I'm gonna give you specifics, but I also wanna tell you that nobody can.

or should tell you specifically what you should charge because it does depend. You know your level of experience, you know your market, you should know that better than anybody, you should know your clients better than anyone. So what I'm going to do is give you all the tools and I'm going to give you AI guides as well to help you with this process, but I need you to set the prices for yourself, okay? And if you have questions, if you want to bounce ideas off of me, the community, by all means. But in general, I'm going to say the typical trajectory is...

as you start out. This is me, this is 15 years ago, starting out. Terrible, terrible imagery. I cringe every time I look at these. I had textured, oh my God, there's a texture over this image. You guys remember when we were doing that? That's crazy. I had them climb shit at the Getty. I don't know why. It wasn't like he was a rock climber. I was just like, oh, let's do something fun and climb stuff, which is probably why photographers are no longer allowed to shoot at the Getty.

museum. I was probably responsible for that. This is a second shoot that I did with my business partner. Terrible. I mean, inconsistent across the board, inconsistent styling, editing, everything. The one good shot that I had, any good shots that I had, I kind of ruined in post. But look, at that point, I'm charging zero to $500 for a wedding. So the very first one I took was free. And then we started charging like 500 bucks. These sessions were free.

This is generally where everybody starts. I expect this. Now, if you've got a huge leg up from this, which I think most of you probably do, most of you coming into this field right now are doing work that's far better than this right off the bat. So you should be charging something. Maybe it's 250 for a portrait session. Maybe it's 500 bucks a wedding. Maybe it's 1,000 bucks. But we should be charging something. Either way though, this is where I was. And then you fast forward to today, and it didn't take 15 years to get there. I'd say probably.

maybe five to seven years into the business is when I started commanding rates of like 15,000 plus. Now it's a $20,000 base package if they wanna book me. If they wanna book our partners, it's 15,000. If they wanna book our associates, it's around seven to 10, but those are kind of base rates for our services now. That's with brand recognition that's been built over the course of a decade, right? So what I want you to understand is I want you to understand like this is our starting point, this is.

where we're gonna go, you can get there, my goal is to get you there quickly, but it's still gonna take a bit of time and everyone's starting at a little bit of a different place as well. What I don't want you to do in this process is compare yourself to photographers that might be 10 times more established than you. It's simply not a good comparison and this idea right here, it's a big part of what feeds this fear and self-doubt. The idea that I'm not good enough to charge or that nobody's gonna pay me to do this.

It's often because internally, subconsciously, we're comparing ourselves to people that are established, to people that have been doing this 10 times longer, that have worked on their brand name for a whole bunch of time, and we sit there and look at, well, they're doing this, and so I can't take money for this because I'm not nowhere near close to that. No, you can. You should be charging. You don't have to charge what they're charging. You have to do what they're doing. But you most certainly are delivering something of value.

So, I don't want you to fall in that comparison trap. What I want you to focus on is this. So when you're starting or really anywhere in your career, the main thing is be better than you were yesterday. Just a little bit better than you were yesterday and you'll be on an insane career trajectory. With each client that you serve, especially when we're early on, with each client, I want you to raise your prices by $100 to $300. If we're starting on the low end, like let's say our first wedding is $500, your next wedding should be $750 or $800.

Your next one is $1,000. If we're doing portrait sessions, okay, maybe you start at 250. Your next one should be 350, then 450. Keep raising the price with each client that you're serving, especially as you notice the experience is getting better until we start noticing that there's kind of like a level off of like, okay, now we're starting to shoot the amount that we want, the demand is kind of meeting the supply. When we start to reach that level, then we can kind of like hold.

but I want you to get to that place. I want you to continue raising prices. So the idea here is that once your brand is established, your price is basically a filter to the clients that you want to serve and the amount that you want to work. Me saying that I'm charging $20,000 for my base package for weddings, that's not me being arrogant. It's saying that, look, I only want to shoot five to 10 times a year. I want to work with, you know, the clients that have the biggest budgets, that have the most demands. That's.

who I want to work with, and so I set my price there because that's where the demand kind of meets the supply. I'm willing to go out 10 times, so they need to be 10 larger weddings. These are the type of clients that I want to work with. If I priced it at 10K, then based on the brand that I've developed, I'm gonna be shooting every single weekend multiple shoots, and I don't want to do that. I might be more money, but this is a lifestyle decision. This is a decision that I want to spend time with my kids while they're young and they're in the home. I want to spend more weekends with them.

So all of these come into play, all of these thoughts come into, they should come into your decision making process. The idea here though is that your price is basically that filter point. It kind of matches whatever it is, how many times I want to work with the type of clients that I want to work with. So it's our filter. Okay, let's now get into tools. So throughout the rest of the module, we're gonna go into pricing psychology, we're gonna create enticing packages, design appealing pricing guides, set the package and serve.

pricing as well and we're going to use AI tools to handle the majority of this. My advice at this point is to learn the principles so I really want you to focus on the principles, allow AI to do the heavy lifting and really as we move forward in business like at this point in time I feel like more and more so going into this next 10 years of business your job isn't necessarily as much to create it's to curate.

What I mean here is that all the tools of creation are getting so incredibly easy. It's so easy to pick up the camera and create imagery, and it's gonna get even easier, okay? Especially as AI tools start coming into your camera body. It's so easy to go in and write, to go and create good material, good content. All of these AI tools are just making everything. It's referred to as the democratization of production, right? As these tools make everything that much easier.

Our jobs isn't necessarily to focus on creating, but rather curating the right type of experience, curating the right type of imagery, curating the right type of service to the clients that we're looking to serve. Okay, so that's kind of how we're going to approach this as we move forward. We're going to use a lot of tools, do the heavy lifting, and I want you to focus on curation. All right. Okay, let's talk package psychology and design.

not going into the nitty gritty yet of actual design, I want you to understand kind of the idea behind a three package model, the idea behind how do we sell high ticket services. The easiest way to sell a thousand dollar purse is to put it next to another purse that costs $10,000, okay? This is a simple piece of pricing psychology that's used everywhere. It's difficult to sell something that's expensive on its own, but it becomes far easier.

to sell something that's expensive when something else next to it is just astronomical. When something else next to it just kind of is crazy, okay? Which is why we use the three or potentially four package model. This works incredibly well because this package three, this is your best package, your top package, that becomes the price anchor. It becomes the $10,000 purse that we place next to the $1,000 purse. The package two, this is actually the design.

This is our middle of the road package. This is the package that's going to be the best fit for everybody. And then we have package one which is like our MVP, the minimum viable product. It's a good package. But it's the base level of what we're comfortable delivering in our experience. What this allows us to do is it allows us to say that our prices start at, and this is where we list the base package, and typical client spend, and it's somewhere between these two package rates. Then, when they get to the end of the day,

they actually look at pricing, if they see our pricing, they see the price anchor and they go, hey, that's actually a really good value because this one's a lot more, right? So we kind of play into this. And generally when we show our pricing, we show it in this order. So we actually show pricing in the order of best, better, good. That being said, I generally don't want you to show pricing. I just want you to understand that when we see, if a client actually requests to see your pricing guide, or if you're at a place where it's like, okay, it's time and I'll tell you when to do that.

than when it's presented, it's at a best, better, good option. Okay, this is what I, this is the best, this is the next up, and so what we end up with is most people are gonna go with a desired sell. Now, three options are kind of ideal. I would say four max, and where four would make sense is let's say that you have like an MVP, maybe this is like for smaller weddings, right? And smaller weddings might be six hours or eight hours or smaller events or anything. But what if there's a

specific type of event that's very small, right? Like an elopement where it's just two hours or three hours or something like that. Then a smaller like kind of base package might make sense where you have a fourth package that's literally just for a very special instance. And the example that I gave here is elopement but it could really be anything. But I would say for most people that are designing inclusive models, three packages is fine. What we're really also doing with the package design is we're creating a...

because what I'm going to tell you in a bit is you're not going to really show these to clients. We don't want to be sending out pricing guides until it's like a last resort. What we're doing with this is we're creating a very simple point of reference for us so that during the sales session, when we're actually in the consult, we have an easy way to bounce between one package to the next, to understand our pricing and go, hey, package two is going to be perfect for them. They might just need a couple more hours and so I can do that in my head.

And I can already have the price point figured out. So I don't have to go and like create these things from the ground up. We want to be able to quote and close on the actual consult. We don't want to end the conversation, put together a full quote and then send it over to them. Okay. So the, the real benefit of having these packages is having something that not only makes sense, that's tied to exactly what they want, what they need, but also being able to quickly navigate your pricing in action during an actual sales consult.

Okay, but that's the idea behind this general three or four package design. I wouldn't recommend more than four, and four is really just if you need it, right? Three is kind of like the ideal place, it keeps things very simple. Anything more than four and we start getting into like decision paralysis, we start kind of really not knowing necessarily what to put in these packages. We're kind of just guessing, usually when it goes beyond four. So what we're going to talk about in a little bit is we want each of these packages to be solution-free.

focused, I'll tell you about what that means in just a second. We're going to dive a little bit deeper. But for right now, let's go on the next lesson. Okay, specifics. What do I put into each package? So this is the next piece that I want to talk about. I need you to think solutions. Okay, I'm going to give you a thought to go along with this. I'm going to give you a case study to go along with this, but every package should be a solution that's designed for a specific client need.

We are not creating just packages that are just random collections of bullshit, okay? That is not what a package is, that is not what a, and by the way, I sometimes say packages, I sometimes say collections, these words can be used synonymously, okay? Just a grouping of products that fits a customer need. But what does it mean to think of these packages or collections as solutions? One of my one-on-one coaching clients, okay, is a physical therapy business.

And they sell packages that are like 10 visits, 20 visits, or 40 visits. And in our first consult, the first thing that I asked is, what problem does each of these packages solve? Like you have one that's 10 visits, one that's 20 visits, one that's 40 visits. I go, who are the majority of your clients? And he says, well, they're ACL repairs. Like so ACL repairs people that wanna get back to sport. I go, okay, which one of these packages?

would give them the right number of visits to actually get to that place. And he goes, actually, they would need like 60 visits probably for like a basic, for ACL repair to go from like repair back to, you know, return to sport, they'd probably need like 60 visits. And my first thought is how do you not have a package that's 60 visits, right? If that's what I need, if that's what solves my problem, why aren't you selling that? So what?

has in these three packages is a random collection of bullshit. Because what is 10 packages actually solve? What is 10 visits? Sorry, 10 visits solves nothing. I go, who comes in and only needs 10 visits? And he's like, well, you know, if someone has like a minor issue that they just want to like kind of work on, then maybe 10 visits would be, but even then I'd probably say 20 visits should be the base. Well, then we should be selling a 20 visit package. That's the base for what we're selling.

That's, that's the MVP and he goes, man, I never thought about it. Okay, then we should do 20, 40 and 60. And I go, okay, immediately you stop leaving money on the table because now we're not selling 10, 20 and 40. Now we're selling almost double across the board. Right. And we're actually solving a problem. So when someone comes in, they go, well, why would I want package the third package? Well, I'm not even going to show them the packages. My next thing was, okay, we call package 60. Reach ACL return.

sport. Okay? Like this is how many visits you need in general and we don't say like we don't guarantee it but we just say in general most people need 60 visits to be able to return to sport from these injuries. That's the thing that you're dealing with right now. So that's the package I'd like to present to you. So you tell them which one is the best fit based on their need. I want you to take that same mindset into what we're doing here. What we're doing here is creating solutions for their issues.

The issue is, I need an elopement package, okay? What would be the solution for that? Well, I'm going to get the right amount of hours, the right amount of coverage. I'm going to get, you know, do I need another shooter? Do I need like, what do I need? If I want a lifestyle family session, what are the components you need to be able to deliver that at an MVP level, like the base level, right? We think of the product, the service that we're trying to deliver, and what we need to...

to get there, and then we simply break it out into multiple steps. So that's what we're gonna do here. Your MVP, this is your minimum viable product. I want you to start here, okay? And remember, this is not a shitty package that nobody's gonna want. It's not a package that somebody's forced to have to upgrade. We're not trying to, you know, if you bought a car and that car didn't come with wheels and they were like, hey, you just bought a car, would you like to have wheels with it? You'd be really pissed.

off, right? Like, of course I want wheels in my car. Do not build a package that's missing wheels. The MVP is not a bad package. It's simply the minimum package that you would need to deliver a good service. So if we were speaking about weddings, maybe, and this is going to be different for each of you, right? Because I might say I could deliver, you know, ceremony coverage only in a decent wedding and get all the stuff I need in four hours. Some people might say six.

Lanny and Erica, my friends of Two Man, they would say, we only have one package because to deliver the service that I want, that we wanna deliver, we gotta be there basically all day. So this has to do with the way that you wanna deliver your experience, right? But if we're looking at a three-package structure, it might be six hours of wedding coverage. Maybe it's just a lead photographer only. It's just the basics, right? High-resolution images and an album credit. The thing is with credits, people are generally.

wise to credits so putting in an album credit you need to make sure that if you and if you do put print credits into these make sure that they know that they cannot remove them to get discounts there's no cash value to those credits and truly if you really want to sell albums you just need to build them into all the packages including the MVP okay so maybe we have like some sort of a limited album that's built into the MVP but look on a portrait side

Let's say that my clients are content creators. They're people that own their own brand. They are personal brands, right? So what is a 30-minute session solve for them? Or what is the problem, before I even think about what to put in this session, what is the problem I'm trying to solve? Well, a lot of content creators need just a few basic images to put on their website and on their social media profile. How many images? Okay, maybe one like on their website, one like on their about page, on their landing page, about page, one for their social media profile.

profile and maybe like a couple headshots that they can use in different places. Okay, that's five images. So I build my base package to be that minimal like content creator, starter package, the starter kit. It's solving that specific need. Okay. And it's doing it at a baseline level. Hopefully this is making sense now. Then we go to the next package. This is the better, the middle of the road package. This is your ideal sell. This should.

be designed to include all of their primary wants and needs. So it's kind of like, what are the majority of clients coming to you and asking you for, if we were thinking about that brand portrait for content creators, right? Maybe the most of them come in, they're like, I just need, like, I need a couple hours where you just follow me around and create different lifestyle images. I need, I need like 30, 40 images for newsletters for different things that I can use, uh, across the next two, three months. So this package is designed to solve that need.

They're typical asks. And again, it's gonna vary if we're looking at families, if we're looking at boudoir, if we're looking at weddings. This is gonna vary, right? But this is where we start including incentives as well. 10 to 30%, I think 30% is high. 10 to 20% is fine. But we show that as like, this is $5,000 normally. Sorry, 5,500 normally, like that's the value, and you're getting it for 5,000. So we don't say discount. We say $5,000.

Normally fifty five hundred dollars. Okay, and what we're aiming for as we step up is I want to go for twice the perceived value Around only 30% to 50% more in cost. Okay. These are rough numbers, by the way Like don't don't take these as like very literal numbers. These are rough numbers. Okay, so on the wedding side I'm boosting it to eight hours of wedding coverage now There's a lead and a second shooter. Not only do we get more hours, but we get two people Wow there's

There's a lot more value in that. We get the high resolution images. Oh my gosh, now I get a signature wedding album. This is way more than double. I could remove the wedding album and this is already double the perceived value because I get more time and another photographer, right? That's already double the perceived value. So that would be enough by itself to go, okay, that's only 50% more and I'm getting more than double. That's totally worth it. We wanna make that an easy jump. For pork.

maybe it's one hours, 10 retouched images. Again, doubling the perceived value without dramatically increasing your cost is really the goal, right? It doesn't cost you double to just simply add a little bit, 30 more minutes and to add five more images. But again, we wanna design this with that problem, with the solution in mind. If 10 isn't enough, we need to design more, okay? Like put more into this. Then we go to the best. This is the dream package. This should include everything that a client would.

want and do not include. Like don't go throwing the kitchen sink into this. Don't go throwing things that they don't want into this. They're just gonna ask you to remove them. So it's everything that they would want. We continue with the incentives. We might bump it here. We might say this is shown as, this is an $8,000 value, but it's only $6,400 in cost. Again, we aim for two to three times the perceived value. This time we give it a little bit more of a bump. So we want this to be the anchor, right? So around 50 to 100% more in cost. Okay.

Weddings, now we go, ooh, now you get an engagement session. You get 12 hours of coverage, this is a full day. Lead and second shooter during the entire time. High resolution, we get signature wedding album plus two duplicate parent albums. But this one's 12,000. My middle package is six. Okay, do you see where we're going with this? I'm giving you, I'm throwing out guess number, or like idea numbers, okay? So we're getting tons more value in this, three times the value. And maybe it's double the cost. Maybe it's.

it's 50% more in cost. You're gonna choose. Between 50 to 100% is your rough range. On the portrait side, maybe we're doing now a two-hour portrait session. Maybe it's 20 retouch images. All the images at full resolution. Private viewing session plus gallery. This, the viewing session, like design session is worth something. I would say the gallery is just kind of expected and you might increase the album or wall art credit. Okay, again, still this best package solves a specific problem, right? What is the problem on the wedding side that we're solving?

Well, parents often want albums. The couple wants albums. We often have a full day that we need coverage for and they want an engagement session. So this is solving like this is everything you could possibly want and need and they actually do want this. So it's giving them everything that they would want essentially. Just a bit of advice on time. I don't like offering and I'm not going to say that you never should do this, but I don't like offering unlimited time. And I'm mostly speaking.

the event and wedding photographers that might use this as a selling point. Offering unlimited time really ends you, like it puts you in a position where clients are gonna take advantage, where they're gonna say, I'm getting ready at 5 a.m., I want you to be there for that, and I want you to be there all the way up to 2 a.m. when the after party stops, okay? And realistically, you just don't need to be there that long. There's maybe nothing happening during those times, but they're gonna treat it like a buffet, right? You pay $50.

to get into a buffet, you feel like you've got to overeat just to get your money's worth. And this is the exact same feeling that we create from this. So it very much devalues your time and it also, you end up just being there for things that really don't add to the story. It just wastes your time and you're not getting any photographs out of it. Now there's a caveat to this. Like again, I brought up two men, my friends, Lanny and Erica. They don't offer unlimited. A lot of people think they offer unlimited. They don't.

They give you full day coverage, so they don't want their clients worrying about like hours, but again, they want to be there for the entire thing because that's the experience that they want to deliver, right? But they have an asterisk that says this is not unlimited. This is we will be there from when we need to start shooting to when we can end. So after they've got an hour of dance floor, they're good. They end it. They don't give unlimited time, but that's my thought there is I still like having the hours that are built in that are appropriate.

to the type of solution that I'm giving. And that way, when I wanna gift them time, like my clients over this last weekend, I send them text messages and I said, look, I'm arriving early each day and shooting a bit and I'm also staying a bit late. I want you guys to know that this is my gift to you. This is my wedding gift. I'm not gonna bill for any of that time and I'm also creating teasers. So it allows me to go above and beyond and give them an incredible experience to over-deliver.

over and they value that time because there's actually a cost to it that they know, right? So this is the big thing for me is like I'd rather over deliver and not promise it. When it's unlimited, there is no appreciation of anything extra that you do. And frankly, if you say unlimited and you don't, you know, if you're not there from the moment that they're up and to the moment they go to sleep, it's a negative thing. They're like, they said unlimited but they didn't really do it. They didn't really stay the whole time.

it becomes a negative thing. So be wary of that that idea. Okay, remember, I don't need you to kind of dive into starting this process yet. I'm going to be giving you AI tools for the heavy lifting. So just understand these principles of what we're trying to do with this three package structure with designing solutions, not just random collections of bullshit and with kind of the price jumps how we're doubling value, but we're only asking for a small amount more. Okay, making

those decisions easy to move from step to step. Cool, let's go to the next lesson. Let's talk about some of the nuances because in the next lesson, we're actually gonna start using the AI tools and start coming up with things. And I want you to just hit the ground running and be able to go while keeping these things in mind, okay? So when it comes to, if you're gonna name your collections, you can always name them one, two, three, it doesn't matter. But if you're gonna give them names, collections or packages, keep those names.

Neutral and positive. OK, so we want to avoid things like bronze, silver, gold, because they clearly specify which one is better than the other. And nobody likes feeling like, oh, I bought the bronze package because I'm only worth a bronze medal. So let's avoid those types of names. Keep names neutral and positive. I'm going to the pricing coach I'm going to give you. You can you can bounce ideas off of it and ask it for ideas as well. But look, sequential numbers, they work. It's simple. It's not like super creative, but that's OK.

doesn't have to be, that just means like package two, package three, package one, that's fine. If you have an adventure brand, maybe you go off of like mountains and lakes. If you have a destination brand, maybe you do favorite locations. Maybe you tie it to your favorite coffee. Like the best names for packages or collections, they tie to kind of like your brand identity and your personality. So keep it on that. I'm gonna give you this AI prompt to use with the pricing coach. We haven't gotten to the pricing coach yet, but you can come back to.

this, and after you start the conversation with the pricing coach, if you'd like ideas for names, just grab this and drop it in. It'll give you simple ideas from there. The next thing I want you to keep in mind is the way that we present price. So what we're going to do is called a three-second price test. And what I want you to do is in a moment, I'm going to show you a bunch of numbers. At a glance, I want you to tell me which number looks like the lowest price on this next one. All right.

page. Okay. And if you happen to be watching this live, uh, I'll check in the comments to see what you think, but which one catches your eye, which one at first looks like the lowest price. All right. Two, three. Okay. Which one looked like the lowest price? Okay. What's interesting about this is our eyes tend to go to three different places. Most of us probably went here first.

and then thought about it for a second, and we're like, oh, that's not actually the lowest number. And then we're probably drawn to these two places. Not all the time, but the majority of the time. And it's kind of like a, this is a little game that I play just to kind of show you how price presentation actually affects the way that we perceive the number, okay? Our eyes tend to be drawn towards nine nines and these types of like numbers. So nine.

and fours as ending numbers we tend to be drawn to. We also are drawn and probably more so than anything else to small numbers like we kind of think that if the number is small like physically small by like font size is small that it's actually a small number. In reality the most expensive number on this page is actually the smallest number but the first perception of it and it looks like let's see Magdalena said the the $14.99 we had a couple people on this one and we had Steph on this one.

So yes, so oddly, the smallest number, the one that our eyes might be drawn to first is actually the most expensive, right? So what do we get from this? The whole point is I'm going to give you how we're going to present numbers, generally in luxury based models, like we are all offering a luxury service, right? We've established that we don't do sense. So drop the sense off the end of everything. This just makes things look and feel cheap. If we're selling commodities, fine.

leave your cents on there. Like cheaper items, we leave the cents on. Otherwise, we don't. So we immediately just shorten to like the zero zero, okay? The next thing is, so 1900, what we're going to do is also remove the comma. So remove the comma, use a smaller font size. One of the things too is like simple fonts, like sans serif fonts, they tend to look less expensive too, which is weird. But anyway, so this is how we might present that number.

1900 will become this right another thing is that there's fours and nines are great numbers to end with so if our price is actually like around 9200 if we can why not offer it at 8900 like let's find the number that's closer that ends in a nine okay so if we're like again if you're at 87 or 8800 let's go to 8900 but let's land on this spot where 9000

200, it looks like a lot more money than 8,900. Our brains are perceiving 8,900 as still being 8,000 when in reality, it's really close to 9,000, right? So use, take advantage of that. Same thing here, 45, 54, I might go to 4,400. Five is basically your breaking point. So anything like kind of above five mentally takes on a little bit of a different effect. So what we wanna do is round to the double zero, remove the comma, simple small fonts.

High prices we generally place towards the bottom right of a page. Build in taxes. Again, this is a luxury experience, so if you have taxes that are applicable to certain aspects of the package, build that in so that it's not like a, you know, oh, on top of this you also have to pay. This isn't like a deal breaker, it's just not a great feeling from a client's perspective to have to also pay tax on top of that number. Again, fours and nines are great numbers to end with. Fives are the breaking point.

Yes, and again, to clarify that breaking point idea is that $4,500 is perceived as a much larger purchase than $4,400. That's what breaking point means. So if I go to $4,500, that psychologically just people think that is a much more expensive number. Okay. In reality, it's really not, but that is the mind. All right. So just notes on that. Okay. Thank you for that presentation.

we kind of covered this, but within a pricing guide or a proposal, if you're sending a proposal like a commercial client, we're going to present from the best, better, good version. So we start with the highest price first, and it kind of looks like this. We start with the price anchor, then we go to the desired sell. Then if we have the MVP and elopement, either three or four packages is fine. The next thing, I want to remove these words from your vocabulary. This is like not only your vocabulary spoken, but also in written form.

So I don't want you to say things like pictures or images or photos. I want you to say photographs. I want you to call them what they are. And these other words just kind of sound cheap. Instead of saying expensive, I want you to use words like an investment. This is an investment, or this is a lifetime purchase, or this is something you're investing in, right? Instead of the word discount, I want you to say this is a collection price. This is a package offer. Any of those is fine, but let's not say discount, okay? Need, let's replace with want. This one isn't as big of a deal.

Yeah, this is more for like sales conversations like usually and this one is not that big of a deal because if you say, you know, here's what I think you need, that's fine. If you say here's what I would want or here's what I want for you, that's fine too. This one I should probably just remove. I don't want you to say things like budget. I want you to say instead something like price point. I don't want you to say prints. I want you to say wall art or albums. This doesn't work. This doesn't work.

doesn't sound nearly as valuable. I don't want you to say shoot, I want you to call it a session. Not a, package again, I much prefer the word collection over package. So whenever I'm showing something to people, I generally will use the word collection instead of package. But if we're talking about something and you say it, it's fine, not a big deal. But generally from a client's perspective, collection is a much better term. Okay, all we're trying to do here, this isn't a comprehensive list. All we're trying to do here is remove.

words that sound cheap, that don't sound luxurious, that don't sound experiential. So remove those pieces, okay? The exception to this rule is, there's always exceptions to every rule. I'm gonna say this, I do want you to use common vocabulary whenever it's relating to like design for user experience, okay, UX is user experience, or search engine optimization. What that means is, I don't like it when you put investment as the actual menu option.

I wanted to just say pricing, because people know it by pricing. People are trained to see pricing and to click on that, and that's actually the most clicked thing on your page. So changing it to investment just means it's gonna get less clicks, less views, and a lot of people aren't gonna understand what it is. So once they land on the pricing page, then you can start saying investment. Once they're there, start saying investment. But the menu item itself, let's just call it what it is. Same thing from a search engine optimization standpoint is...

We wanna use terms like, if you wanna create an article that's why is photography expensive, I don't want you to say, why is photography a lifetime purchase? Or why is photography an investment? Because that's not what people are typing into a search engine. So when we're looking at like a title for an article, use the common vocabulary for the title, then in the body of the article, you can always adjust language there as well. But when it comes to keywords, let's keep it what people are actually searching.

Okay one last quick idea before we get in the actual design process is I want you to consider splitting the pricing and experience guide into both a pricing and an experience guide. So pricing guide and an experience guide having them separate you can also have them combined so you can have basically three versions right the reason is is you will often be in a situation where you just want to send somebody the experience guide you'll sometimes be in a situation where you're like okay this lead is done I can't get a hold of them and I'm

I need to send them my pricing and experience guide. So having these things split off gives you the ability to kind of like send one thing or the other when needed. You don't always have to send the pricing along with the experience guide. Especially like onboarding, like it's nice if you've signed a client and you've onboarded them. If you have the experience guide separated out, you can send them that. It's weird if you've sold me, you've already onboarded me, you've already sold me and during this onboarding process, you send me a pricing and experience guide and you're like, oh, ignore the pricing.

pricing part, just look at the experience part. That to me is very strange. So just an idea here to separate these things out so you can use them in different steps of your client experience and workflow, okay? All right, now let's get into the goodies. Let's actually start designing. Okay, now we're getting into the meat. Now we're gonna start actually using the AI tools to come up with our packages, collection.

if you will, pricing, all that, okay? Again, the reminder, moving forward into business now, you are a curator with all these tools becoming increasingly powerful, including your camera, everything. Your role is to direct, your role is a creative director who curates the experience and this overall design of your service, basically. So that's what we're gonna step into, and this is where I want your mindset to be, really, in running your business. I don't want.

to do anything. Anytime you're stuck in the nitty-gritty, you're stuck editing, you're stuck doing things that are just very rote, I want you to think, maybe I should ask if there's a better way to do this so I can step back to that higher level and focus more on curating the experience. All right, so how to use the AI and PAI's pricing coach. So first, if you do not have access to the custom GPT, because the custom GPTs do require you to have a premium chat GPT account, I'm going to give you this standalone prompt.

This is not nearly as robust as the, I've literally programmed a pricing coach for you, but it's not as robust, but it will get you good information, okay? So you'd take this in and you would just copy this into any chat that you have going on in ChatGPT, all right? Let's go to a new chat. I don't think we need to belabor this. I think you guys know exactly how this is gonna go. What I do wanna do is spend a little more time and it's gonna follow like kind of the basics of ASCII.

me the important questions, and then giving you the information afterwards. What I do wanna show you is the actual pricing coach, okay? That's gonna be this guy. So this is for inclusive. I'm gonna design, what I was trying to do was design this to be one of the same, and I had so many lines of instruction that it was really getting like IPS versus inclusive lost, and it was feeding back some bad information. So what I did was I gave a very specific set of instructions only applying to inclusive models. I will.

build an IPS coach for the IPS booster as well. Okay, so we're gonna click the link just to open it up. And I've mentioned right here, it just says type ready when you'd like to begin. So all you're gonna do is just say ready. It's already pre-programmed to take you through an entire process where it's gonna instruct you. What it's gonna say first is just to confirm I'm designed to help you with inclusive pricing strategies, not IPS based models. Correct. So I wanna make sure that everybody.

So let's say my photography niche, we'll just say I'm going to go with what I had before, you could put anything here, but we're going to say when I was working on the brand strategist back in I think module two, I think I said I was an elopement photographer in London or something like that. So let's say London. Okay, what's your level of experience? So are you new?

is like you're just starting out, right? Established means, hey, I've been in business for a bit, I don't necessarily have a big known name, but I deliver a great service and a great experience and I'm trying to build my name. Well-known means I already have a brand name and I'm beyond established, I'm becoming someone that's known in the industry, okay? So I'm gonna say I'm established. Okay, next piece. Can you paste a short paragraph? So check this out. I am.

Remember I told you we're gonna layer everything that we're doing. So what I'm gonna do is open up a new window and go back to my brand strategist. This was the, you could turn this by the way into a custom GPT, but we just saved it out as a project. And what I'm gonna do is say, give me a one paragraph summary of my brand and strategy. So I'm gonna ask it, and this, it gives me my name, it gives me everything that we had along with it. All I'm gonna do is copy and paste.

So everything we're doing is layering on top of each other. I want you to develop a very sophisticated AI workflow. And we're gonna paste that in. And now we give our pricing coach an idea of exact, and it's like beautifully articulated. I hope so, you wrote it yourself. Jeez, okay, it's all praising itself. Do you currently have packages? So the next question, do you currently have packages you'd like me to review, or would you prefer my recommendations from scratch based on your niche location?

positioning. So if you have packages that you wanted to actually give you thoughts on, this is where you'd say, here are my packages. Please give me thoughts on these and just drag and drop it in. It should be fine. Okay. But from here, I'm going to say from scratch. Now what it's going to do is taking everything, it's going to do, it goes through a set of instructions that basically does market research. It compiles everything and it's going to spit it out to you in terms of what it's seeing in the environment, what it would recommend in terms of packages, and it's going to give

view some concluding thoughts as well, okay? We're gonna give this just a second and while this is pulling up, if my screen, actually I think the screen should be very clear on the recording. So those of you that might be watching live, it might be a little bit fuzzy. But this is already the best view that we got. Let me make sure this is, oh yeah, that is full resolution, okay. If this by chance hangs up, oh there we go, okay. If it hangs up, you just refresh it, sometimes it does that. So it goes, market analysis for London a little bit of photography.

So it gives me typical ideas for half-day ranges three to six hours of coverage and it gives me examples of other Competitors that are in that sort of established range full day is 2,200 pounds to 3,200 Multi-day between 4,800 to 7,800. Okay client insights couples budget around 2,000 to 2,500 pounds. They expect six to ten hours They also expect full galleries albums and planning guidance This is great to know that they expect albums right because then I can build that in Micro-elopements might tend to fall into

300 to 1500 pound range, interesting. So maybe I should have a fourth package. So, recommended three-tier collection, the good. This is your essential, right? Four hours, digital gallery, planning call, travel to London included. This is $1,800, better. Six hours, digital gallery, 2,400. So it gives you each of these different price points. It says why it works, the value positioning, the pricing benchmark, and here's the action steps, and then a little summary, okay? This gives you an idea.

I don't want you to treat this ever. Like don't ever take something coming out of AI as like this is what I have to do. But it's gonna give you a really great idea. It gives you a great idea of what should go in these packages. And if you said, okay, spend more time on the packages themselves. Break those out with different options that go more in depth with.

with what you think my clients would love. You can ask it to go in-depth further on any one of these components, right? And now it's gonna give you the packages and it's gonna break it out into exactly what to say, optional add-ons, what you can do, the price points, everything. And then we can go back. Remember what I said earlier in this was like, okay, I need names for this, right? So I go back to this and I go, let's figure out some names for this. I'm gonna copy this.

Okay, it already has an idea of my brand, right? I gave that to it. So now I'm going to say, based on what you know about my brand, okay, so now it gives me naming concepts, okay, theme, love as a narrative, prologue, chapters, legacy. That's pretty cool. The elements concept, stillness, presence, eclipse. The memory concept, whisper, echo, keepsake. The journey concept.

Step one, the path, the horizon, okay? This'll give you everything, and this is where I'm talking about, like, this is where you become a curator. You look at these collections and you go, I like this, but you know, for me, maybe I wanna tweak the hours a little bit. For me, maybe I wanna change the, I don't wanna mention the number of images that are included, I wouldn't generally mention. Like, if someone asks an approximate, you can always say that, but I don't usually.

We put that number in there. But maybe you do want a second shooter. Maybe you want something else. It all depends on what you wanna deliver. And this is where you're gonna curate to get to the things that make sense to you. But we're asking AI to basically do the heavy lifting for us, okay? It's already designed to build in those price bumps where it's basically moving from, so this is up to four hours of photography. When it goes here, it's doubling the perceived value. So look.

It's putting perceived value in the 200 to 300 and then it's going to 400 to 600. And then it's also including like complimentary London engagement session. So it's already building in the additional value for the price bump and it's specified. So it knows like the anchor package should be roughly double you know, 50% to 100% more versus look at this one, this is 1800 to 2400. So that's like a 30% bump with double the perceived value. All of those components are built in the instructions. Again, there's.

a thousand plus lines of instruction in this. So that's significantly different and more powerful than just simply using the standalone. So the standalone prompt will get you a lot of good information. It's just not as robust as, you know, a thousand lines worth of programming instructions, okay? That's where there's a lot of benefit in using the pricing coach. So what I want you to do here is I want you to pause. I want you to curate the base idea of these collections. Start writing.

it out like you got ideas from the from the AI start writing it out then as you have a good idea of what to put in these packages I want you to send it back to the pricing coach for feedback and say in a moment and you can just paste it in but in a moment I'm going to show you my collections based on your advice and my thoughts can you give me feedback okay

And what you're gonna do is take what you've come up with, with your pricing, with what's included, everything, and feed it right into this. Again, it's programmed to tell you where there might be potential issues, where there could be opportunities to basically get to price bumps and make more, okay, be able to sell more. So absolutely share them when you're ready, I'll give you strategic feedback. So I want you to use this, bounce those ideas off of it until you got a really good idea of what's gonna serve this audience and this type of client. Now, this is gonna change.

If I were to go back to the pricing coach, I'll just give you a quick example, and I type ready, it changes dramatically just by changing some of the items. Like I'm a corporate, yes, oh sorry, yes. Corporate event photography. I want you to see that this is coded to an extent where it's very powerful. Orange County.

California. Okay, level experience, new. Short paragraph from your brand strategist, and this time I'm just gonna say, I don't have one, help me out. Okay, it drafts a baseline profile just from, so I have that in there where it's like if they don't give you one, you're gonna create a profile based on.

Typical, and then I'm saying, this looks great. This looks good. I don't have packages. Need help. I know, Stephanie mentioned in the comment, she's like, where has AI been all my life? Although I worry about what this is gonna do to humanity. Yeah, one of the things that I don't like is I don't like how I think AI, I worry about us getting a lot dumber

I so much on AI, so I'm always trying to like, okay, I got to keep reading. I got to keep forming my own thoughts. I got to keep working on stuff because I don't want to get dumb. Uh, okay. But look at this. So pricing benchmarks, a short day, half day, full day, OC event photos offer same to delivery, Daniel Mesa photography, look at this summary table of entry-level competitors. Hourly rates, midpoint market rates, your inclusive price strategy. Here's three hours of coverage. One photographer, basic planning call, full usage price. 1000. It falls in perfectly.

1400, this is based on new, right? Now what if I said, now let's say I'm well-known in the corporate photography event space. How would your pricing recommendations change? So all of these, what I want you to recognize in this is all the questions that it's asking you, it's been instructed to.

very much use those questions. So you want to be as precise as possible. Cause look, now it bumps our price point to 14. And I would say like, this is a little bit on the low end, right? So 2,200 to 2,500, exclusive executive premium coverage, 4,000 to 5,000. So I would say this is a decent, you know, higher end package. This, these two feel like low to me, where like I would need to use judgment to go, okay, those might be a bit on the low side. So that's where I want you to under, to understand that.

that there's room for, there's always gonna be room for your judgment and your judgment's necessary is really, it's not room for your judgment. You have to be the one that makes the final call on all of this, okay? Cool, let's go back to this. So once you fed it back, that's where you should have a really good idea. So when you've got a good idea of your collections, their respective prices, what goes inside of them, that's the place where I want you to continue. But until then, let's bounce back and forth until you have a solid picture of what you're gonna be delivering

And again, not just collections or packages filled with bullshit, but actual solutions to the problems that your clients have that solve their needs. All right. Okay, now we're gonna start taking all of the good stuff that you're coming up with and actually building out your experience and price guide. The first thing I'm gonna say here is to not reinvent this wheel. Don't reinvent any wheels. When it comes to designing new assets for your business, you'll notice that I always start with.

template, whether it's your website, whether it's a price guide, whether it's and I'm providing all of these tools to you, but well, it's not your website, you got to figure that one out. But all these other ones, we can celebrate because your membership includes one personal use commercial license for everything, which means feel free to use them all. Just do not distribute them, we will get in trouble, we bought a commercial license for each of the included templates. If you want other templates, by all means, I've already included some really cool ones. I don't

I think you need to go to these and find other types of templates, but if you want to create a market and Votto are good places for it. Before we create this, I'm going to give you one more heads up again. The pricing guides, they're meant to be shown. I'm really, I don't even show them, but they're meant to be used during a sales consult. Only fire off a price sheet as a last resort. So if I do not, if I can't get ahold of someone, they're not responding to emails. The last thing that I might send them and

say, Hey, if you're interested, let me know. I've attached my price and experience guide, um, for more information, reach out if you need anything, that's what I do to close out a lead. We do not lead with that. We do not, we want to save all this for actual in-person conversations. Okay. I, I'm going to reiterate this so many times. You're going to feel like I'm beating it in your head, but that's what I need to do. Okay. So building out your price and experience guide. Well, every single thing that we have, all of your resources are located right there in your resource.

template or a resource page. So let's pull up the brand and experience guide. Sorry, brand and strategy. I'm getting all my words mixed up at the bottom. You'll see resources and let me make sure you guys can see it on your sides. I don't think you see it on yours. So let me just shrink this down for one sec. Can I not yank it? There we go. Okay. Now you can see it. So at the bottom, you see the resource tab, right? And then you have each of the other tabs. This is where I continue to update. So you'll notice that in step one, I put the niche.

finder coach there. Now the inclusive pricing coach is there and it's just in order of like what's referenced throughout the program. Don't use this by the way as a guide for the program. This is just you know telling you where it's found. But the pricing experience templates are right here. So you're gonna select one and go ahead and just click the link and it'll open it right up. It's gonna bring up Canva. For me it says edit the template or view the template. I don't want to if I I own the template you should get a different option like like save template or

or create your own design with it, you're going to choose that option. But I'm just going to view for right now. Okay. And you'll see that it's a complete guide on everything where all you need to do is choose the guide that you feel best fits your service and just start filling it out. So this is, we're going to work through this as we go by the way, but I just want you to know how to get to that place. So it's all in your brand and strategy workbook. Okay. The first place we're going to start.

is with the packages. So you've designed out those packages. These are kind of the bullet points, everything we talked about. Selling solutions, not just a package, your base package still being viable on its own, middle package, ideal sell. These are all the kind of the general notes. So once you have those collections, then you can start just populating them in to the collection pages. And every one of these, like some of these are kind of more designed for wedding experiences, some more for portrait experiences. So just pick the one that's appropriate for your experience. But you'll find that if you scroll down.

They all talk about the experience first and then they start getting into like different packages and this is where you're just going to modify them. Modify them to be whatever you'd like, okay? Okay, let's go back to here for a second. Your next step is to add in your pricing. You can do this all in one step but when you do that I want to make sure that you follow everything that you learned in the pricing section. So building in taxes, rounding numbers to fours and nines, breaking points or fives, small simple fonts, bottom right, remove commas, remove cents, all that kind of stuff.

all the pieces that need to be there. One thing too is make sure that your packages can't be gamed. A very simple way of doing that is saying that, people can add to a collection, but they can't remove from a collection, okay? Or just simply checking the collection, like the way that people game collections is let's say that your middle package has an album, right? And the base package doesn't. So what they do is they remove the album from the middle package, and then you reduce the price.

to the middle package and they get to something that's really close to the base package, but now it has more hours and it has more everything in it, right? That's gaming it. So what you generally wanna do is limit them from removing, allow them to add, okay? All right, next piece is step three, the experience portion. The cool part about the experience portion of this guide is we generally want it to come before pricing. So you'll notice on all these guides that the first section is really talking kind of about

hey, the introduction, like getting to know me, how the process works. What's beautiful is that this is all the same stuff that you need for your website. So if you've already figured this out on your landing page of your website, then you already know what to put here. And if you haven't, then what you put here is gonna go into the website. So really, these are gonna be kind of synonymous. They're gonna work with each other. And so when you send this out to people, this kind of becomes your opportunity to have a more in-depth experience guide, or if your landing page is very in-depth too, that's fine.

but it gives you a chance to kind of go deeper in that experience. But generally with the experience guide, it kind of mirrors what you might have on your website. So there's a welcome with a clarified message, you introduce yourself, you talk about your process, you show some sample imagery, here's what to expect, then you start getting into collections and pricing, additional add-ons. This is just a general order and then having a call to action like what's next, you know, let's discuss whatever these next components are. Okay, the beautiful thing is that all these guides

all the templates, they kind of serve as a guide too. So like when you look at this, each one of these follows kind of the same thing. Like, look, it's got an author page. This is your welcome. Hi, I'm Jessica. This is the process, what to expect. And then it starts talking about the pricing, right? So it follows the idea of, well, before I present pricing, let me build value. Let me show about the experience. Let me talk about things. Then let me show the actual pricing for it. Okay, so if you ever feel lost in that, you can always.

is follow that and know as well that you don't have to include everything on those templates. So like if you, if you're using the wedding one and you're like, Oh, I don't need this page of highlights, just delete it. Like you don't have to show it all. If you want it, then, then by all means, but let's make these look lovely, look nice. Uh, I like personally breaking these out into experience pricing and a combined experience and price guide, because with onboarding, I'll, I'll send them just the experience guide when I.

board clients, and that's very useful. Okay, pause here. Go ahead and start actually working through and creating this price and experience guide. Feel free to post, ask any questions you have. One of the common questions, and I think someone just posted this one too, should we use the same fonts as on our website to keep everything consistent? Karen, that's a great question. What I would probably say in this case is no. Look, I would love, yes, I would love if the.

fonts on your website match these fonts. But I'm more concerned, like, yes, from a brand strategy standpoint, that that is ideal, right? I'm more concerned though, that if you change the fonts here, it's not going to look good. Okay. If you change it and it's going to take you a lot of time. So I would rather the price and experience guide, uh, I would rather it look nice than have it be totally identical in fonts, uh, as, as everything else. But that being said, I don't mind.

If you change, like put in your own business name, put in your own logo, your website, if you want to change some of the colors, the colors are pretty neutral, but if you'd like to modify some colors, that's fine, but we need this to look really nice and the typography is already designed to, it really doesn't have that big of a, I don't know, flavor to it. It's kind of like, the way it is designed, it just looks nice and professional, so I'd rather just keep it that way and keep it looking good as opposed to completely modifying it.

So, if you want to go for it, you can, but just be advised, it's going to take a lot of time and it's going to be difficult to make it look as nice as it currently does. All right. Let's check out and see if we have anything else. I think we're good here. Let's jump on to the next lesson. Okay. Now that you got this awesome price and experience guide, where do I show it? Who do I send it to? Do I display it on my website? This is the first question. Did I show my...

full price on my website? If not, what do I show? The answer, no. You're not gonna show full pricing on your website. What we're gonna do is limit it. I want you to limit the website to two pieces of information. Your starting price and your average spend. And generally it goes something like, our packages start at and my clients typically spend. That's it, okay? We don't need to get into the nuances because we wanna be able to suggest those things. We're gonna talk about why. So before we present the price to anybody, okay? This is just a general sales principles. We need to actually qualify the lead. That's what you're.

starting prices for. We need to understand what their needs and values are. We need to give them a value-based solution, and then we present the price. So, do you send off the pricing experience guide to people that inquire? Hey, can you send me your pricing experience guide? No, do not send it. Say, prices start at, you're gonna say the exact same thing. Oh, you know what? I can do you one better. Our packages typically start at, or our packages start at, and my clients typically spend this. But why don't we actually hop on a call? I'd love to discuss with you what you're looking for.

From there, I can actually create you a quote. Okay. So no, you don't just send the price inquiry to people that just inquire. Um, or sorry, the pricing and experience list of people that inquire, I will give you, uh, uh, in a moment, uh, a rule, like an exception to this rule, but in general, I just want you to understand that we're not going to just hand out pricing when we haven't established value yet. And what I'm going to show you is, is this, this is the sales process. We'll cover this in depth when we get into step 12. Okay. For right now, I just.

want you to see a glimpse of it and why we're not just giving them a price sheet. This is developed over a hundred years ago. So this is nothing new. The sales process is nothing new. John Henry Patterson, 1890s, identify the customer's problem and need develop the value proposition, present the solution, how it fits. Then you close by making the ask. This is where you exchange value for value. I'm going to create two minor updates, build rapport and create trust. Just before you jump in, then go through the process. Then after you.

and make the ask, understand that we might need to follow up, address concerns, you know, objections, all of that. Anytime you present price before you've established value, so remember developing the value proposition, presenting how it fits, these are the four steps needed. Anytime price comes in before as a major part of the conversation, you will very likely lose the sale. Someone inquires and says, can you send me your price guide? You send it to them. Nine out of ten.

10 times you've lost a sale. Because they really don't know. They don't have, like, so much of the value that you're gonna create for them is over the conversation. They need to know who you are. They need to understand that you get them, that you understand their values, that you've identified those things. This is a huge part of what we do as photographers. When you don't give them that opportunity, they simply compare your prices to somebody else and they go with the cheaper person. And there's always gonna be a cheaper person. So we don't need to fuel that. What we need to do is push them into the sales process.

us gently, but keep guiding them there. And then we only show the price. And, and I want you to, when you close, you're not actually showing them a price sheet. You're just making a recommendation. So we've done all this work. We've created this beautiful price and experience guide. And really it's by and large for you, you are going to send the experience guide to people that you onboard. Again, if we separate those two things out, right. And you are still going to use the price and experience guide for leads that we're losing. But we're not going to do it with, with good.

qualified leads, we're gonna use it in a little bit of a different way, okay? You're gonna learn this entire process in steps 12 through 16. Don't stress on this for right now. I simply want you to understand why we don't do this. It's not to be deceptive. It's not because we don't want them to see prices. We show them prices. Like look, we give them the starting point. Our packages start at my clients typically spend. That's all they need to know until they're ready to actually get a full idea of what they specifically want, until they're ready to get something.

Specific, this is all they need to know, right? We're not deceiving anybody. We're just not worrying about getting into it until we've brought them through the sales process until we've established value. We know their needs. All right. By the way, it'd be no different if I was selling a car. If I was selling a car, I would not, when somebody walks in and goes, tell me the price of, you know, your cars, I wouldn't just hand them a price list. How would that help them in any way? I would say, okay, well.

Our cars kind of range between 30 to 100,000. Why don't we have a conversation, see what you're looking for, and then I can give you some exact recommendations and exact prices. It's the same thing. You're not doing anybody any services by sending this out to them. So when it's okay, your exception to the rule is when you've reached out, you can't get ahold of them. You can't get them on the phone. You've tried two or three emails. You've done the follow-ups. Then fire off your price and experience guide.

with a final email that's basically like, hey, I tried to reach out to you. I couldn't get ahold of you. Feel free to give me a call, but in the meantime, I've attached my experience and price guide. Let me know if you have any questions. I look forward to hearing back from you. That's to close out a lead. We're not gonna reach out to them anymore. We're done. And we're sending it off as like a, it's kind of like a Hail Mary. Maybe they'll reach out in the future. They probably won't, but sometimes it does happen. That's it though.

that's when it's okay to just kind of fire this thing off, okay? Alright, I think we've kind of covered that question, so let's just go on and jump to the next lesson. Okay, now we're getting into a little bit of a bonus section. So this lesson and the following two, it's really about understanding your financial position, and the reason why I want to do this is, in my experience, the kryptonite for every single photographer.

not every single one, but the vast majority of photographers that I meet, they have this kryptonite in financial literacy, like being able to actually understand their financial statements, understand their pricing, their cost structure. And so a lot of photographers, I can't tell you how many photographers I've met whose revenue is in the hundreds of thousands and their take home is less than 10% of it. And it blows my mind because they don't actually understand all of the costs that are associated.

They don't have a good picture of this. So the last two lessons that I wanna focus in on are gonna help to kind of boost your financial literacy, specifically with two things. There's two things that can dramatically improve the way that you're seeing your business from a financial aspect. And those two things are understanding your contribution margin, or you can just say margin for short, but basically this is your revenue minus the variable costs. We're gonna talk about this more in just a moment. We're gonna go in depth and I'm actually gonna help you calculate that and why.

it's so important. And also just having a good picture of kind of your overall budget, your overall financial statements, understanding kind of the revenue to cost structure. So, if this sounds daunting to you right now, then take a little bit of a break, but come back to this. These are two hugely valuable components that will help you so much as a business person, not only in photography, by the way, but in any other business venture you run into. These two things will be huge for you.

Okay, let's jump into the first one The first thing I want to talk about is this idea of a contribution margin and Kind of where you get this idea of cost-based pricing from which cost-based pricing is actually not a bad way to price When starting out like kind of I'll explain exactly what this is Cost-based pricing is basically where you identify the costs of the shoot which they are your variable costs and then you

supply those costs by a number. Maybe it's two times, maybe it's three times, and that's cost-based pricing. Like a lot of you have already used the, at this point, you're using the pricing coach and everything, and that's really where I want you to be. But cost-based pricing can be effective when you're starting out. If you are, when you're starting out, this is a great place to start because you can understand costs and you can start working your way basically into those value and luxury models, but it gives you the flexibility at the beginning.

to start with lower prices and kind of quickly work your way up. So let's figure out exactly how to calculate this. And at the same time, you're gonna figure out what the margin is as well, okay? So when starting to charge for your services, really at any point in your business, it's really important that you understand your costs and specifically what I'm talking about are variable costs. Variable costs are all of the expenses that you incur from one shoot to the next. So in a.

my background is accounting by the way, which we are not gonna go there. But in accounting, there's an idea of a fixed cost and a variable cost. A fixed cost is fixed no matter how many clients you serve. If you serve 20 clients, your Adobe subscription, it does not go up and down in cost. That's a fixed cost. Your furniture, your electricity, all these costs, they don't vary based on how many people you serve. But on the other hand, your mileage is not a fixed cost.

right, depending on how many clients you shoot, your mileage would go up or down. Your second shooter, that's a variable cost. Your assistant, that's a variable cost. If you're using paper for your backdrops, that's a variable cost. So variable costs are costs that are associated to each additional client that I take on, each additional service that I offer. We really want to understand those variable costs. It's one of the most critical metrics because we're gonna figure out a lot of these important details in the process. So what we want to do is we want to.

I want to look at, well, how many kind of shoots a year do I want to be taking on? How many am I taking on? What is my desired hourly wage? What are variable costs associated? What are the fixed costs? We're going to go through all of this, but let's just focus on the fixed costs for right now. So in your brand and strategy list right here, so let me pull this up and make sure that you guys can see it good. Perfect. Let's go down to the bottom and let's scroll to the calculators. I've zeroed everything out for right now, but anything that's green, these are areas that I've.

designed for you to be able to modify. So if you wanna change something, you totally can. And by the way, if you screw any part of this up and you wanna go back to the template, it's really simple. Pull up the template like I've done here, go to the calculator tab and just go to copy to and type in or put in your existing spreadsheet. This is also helpful if you haven't, because I updated this recently. So there's some small updates in this if you wanna get the latest version. You select your brand and strategy workbook where you have all of your work

And you just click insert. And it's automatically gonna copy that sheet into your existing one. It's gonna leave it, by the way, at the end. So you can click here, you can rename this, and replace your existing calculator once you kind of move everything over. But that's how to quickly kind of do that. Or if you mess something up, don't worry, you can just go back to the template. Okay. What we're gonna do is scroll down to this section. 04C, variable business expenses per client, okay? What I want you to do, and I've adjusted this.

by the way for 2025. What I want you to do is just put in like what the numbers would be like okay on average I might drive 25 miles with every shoot that I do okay. I don't use film if you have any other variable expenses on the on the camera side fine. Here's the variable time expenses like oh it took me it generally takes me one hour to book the client. I also have to prep the gear it takes me about half an hour to do that okay. I don't have a shoot assistant so I'm going to not worry about that let's

Let's say that there's a portrait session and I don't have a lead shooter or a second shooter. I do have to spend around $15, let's say, each time with post-production. You can give it a hourly rate, by the way, or just a, you know, I can say .5. So let's say it's $25. But all of these you can modify. So if you wanna change the rate, like this, the lead shooter, if that's you, right? I'm gonna put the shoots on average are two hours and let's say that I want my rate.

hourly rate if I were to pay myself as an employee which is important that you kind of do so maybe you want it to be 35 maybe you're okay with it being 25 I don't know it's it's it's really up to you in here so I'm just gonna leave this at 30 so what this is gonna do is add up all of the variable expenses if you have an album or wall art prints that you deliver with them you want to include those too but this adds up all the actual expenses per client and you get the total variable business expense per client right here

Then there's an optional desired markup. If you want to do cost-based pricing, put your markup here. If the markup is 2X, that's 100%, right? So the lowest price that I would ever offer this to somebody is $295, okay? That's double what the costs are. It makes sure that I'm paid an hourly rate. That's it. So this gives you a good low-end price point, and you can always say, like, I'm gonna do 200% instead.

what's this is totally optional for you if you want to start like if you're new in your business and you want to start with something low just to get people coming in this is a great way to begin and then you you quickly work your price up right you can also build in if you want to build in a discount to stand out even further you can although this is usually going to be pretty cheap to begin with okay what i want you to focus though on is this number i wrote key next to it this is the variable cost per client okay whether you're using all of these pieces are optional on if you're doing

cost-based pricing this piece is the important part this is your variable cost on average per client which means that my margin is whatever I'm charging per client minus this cost that's referred to as contribution margin where it's calculated is at the top of this okay so if we go back to the top and it has pricing right here and I have what do I charge what do I want to charge well

Let's say that I don't wanna do that cost-based pricing. Let's say that I wanna be charging $1,000 per portrait client, okay? I put that number in. It tells me my margin per client. This is contribution margin. What that means is, it's such a critical number to understand because whenever you take on a shoot, if you know that your contribution margin is 85%, that is.

85% is roughly $850 out of a thousand dollars, right? Then you know exactly how much money you're essentially making from the shoot. How much of that money that you've made can go towards fixed expenses and kind of contributing to the overall revenue of your business. If, for example, I'm only charging $500, then I know that my margin now is substantially less. I'm now only making $350 per.

client, this is the quick back of the hand. What allows me to really analyze a business fast is when I go into like a physical therapy business or a financial, you know, uh, services business, the first thing that I ask is what is your contribution margin? What is the typical thing that you're selling and what's your contribution margin? I want that margin to be somewhere around 60 to 80%. That's healthy. Meaning like.

If you've paid out second shooters and you've incurred those costs before we get to fixed expenses, we should at least have 60% margin because if not, then most likely I'm paying too much or I'm not charging enough either way. But this is a hugely important thing. So with that margin, let's go back here for just a second and I want to see if there's any questions on this from our live people watching. But basically, I just gave you.

sample numbers here and then you can put in all of your own numbers, but the important factor was that that element of understanding the variable expenses on a per client basis. Okay. We know now cost-based pricing is just taking the average variable expenses and you just multiply it by whatever number kind of like you're estimating fixed costs. You're just kind of coming up with a, a number there. And I gave you an option here if you'd like to undercut competitors. Again, if you honestly, I do.

I do like to be at a value compared to whoever is in my category of competition, right? But I like it to be around 10%, I like to be 10% less than whoever I think delivers something similar. If you're doing cost-based pricing though, your pricing is very likely already super low and so this would be a step that you probably don't need to do. So let's go back up for just one second and let's make sure that we understand all the components here.

Okay. Yes, and just in case you're wondering, all the rates that are included here, these are just like net rates, okay? So like, I'm not factoring in like, you know, if you're gonna have like social security taxes, personal taxes, these are just, we're just doing simple bookkeeping math here. Not even bookkeeping math. We're doing simple math here to have a good understanding of the picture. We're not going into the details and the nuances. But I want you to, at least at a minimum, I don't care what pricing method you're using.

This optional, like the cost-based pricing is not the important element here. The important element is that you understand the variable costs associated with every single shoot that you do. I need you to have that picture. That's gonna be important and it's gonna play into everything above, okay? If you know that now, we now know, okay, what is our contribution margin? And we can figure out a percentage of that margin, okay? How much on average do we make from every client we serve?

And why is this beneficial? If you're ever in a conversation with somebody, like if I know, for example, let's say that I'm dealing with a corporate client, right? And I've got an event package that I put together for them, it's $5,000. And I know my margin on this, my contribution margin on this event. After I paid the second shooters, they're gonna go do it, everything. I know that I'm at 75, maybe 80% contribution margin. Let's say that for example, 80%. And that person comes back and they say, Pi, we really wanna work.

work with you, is there anything you can do with us? Like, what if we did, what if we booked you guys for each of these shoots, and can you give us a little bit of a discount for that? I might say something like, yeah, like if we're shooting all of your events, then what I can do is work in kind of like a multi-event rate based on a contract. So what we'll do is we'll have a contract, we'll shoot all of your events for the year, and based on the number of events we do, we'll build in that discount, so you have a kind of a package rate there.

I can know off the top of my head that if I give them a 10% discount, my contribution margin is still 70%. Okay. Not a big deal. If, if I'm, if I'm at 5,000, right. And I know that I'm going to have 4,000 in profit, giving them an additional 500 off 10% off to close it and to guarantee the business, it's very easy for me to do that right in my head. So understanding your margin is what allows you to do back of the hand.

math in these situations and come up with like win-win offers and hook your clients up while still making sure you have a very healthy overall profitability in the business. When you don't, then we're in a very sticky situation, okay? Karen asked the question like, should your hourly rates include shooting time, editing time? Yeah, I think I have all that in there. So any of like, let's go back to that sheet for one second, like I believe...

if I have, so here's booking the client, prepping, shooting, leading, second shooter, post-production, that's your editing time, right? So all of the costs associated here on a per client basis should be built in. If you have extras, that's why I gave you additional line items right here. The math is already there for you. Just change these numbers and adjust them. I'm gonna go ahead and zero them, well, I'll zero them back out after the next lesson so that they're not in your template and adjusted. Okay, I think we got that idea, and hopefully you'll get the importance of it even more.

So when we get to the next lesson, because I'm gonna show you how it ties into everything else. So let's do that now. Okay, now we're gonna layer another step. I want you to have a complete financial picture of not just your business, but your lifestyle expenses, your budget, okay? Building a sustainable business, it really has to do with understanding what is your needs, your budget, the kind of lifestyle you wanna create, and then balancing that with this value.

luxury based price model that we have within our photography business, that's how we're gonna get to something that actually is in a last long term, it's not gonna burn us out, to do this we need to have a complete view of kind of our financial outlay, I'm not gonna get super into the weeds here, I want to give you a nice high-level picture, I want to give you a good set of tools that will get you started on this, I obviously still expect you to be keeping books, like you have your own QuickBooks, you have a bookkeeper, they can help you with finding some of these numbers.

if you need, but this is not designed to replace QuickBooks or your accounting process. This is designed to simply give you an idea of how a financial statement works and how understanding these things is gonna play into your decision-making process. Okay, so what we're gonna do is do a business and lifestyle calculator. So now, step one is let's get a clear picture of how much money you actually need on a monthly basis. This is hugely important if any of you are in a position where you're thinking about like leaving your.

full-time job. Okay, so we're going to do this and jump back to that same brand and strategy workbook on the calculator side 0 4 a we're to complete the personal expenses. So what I want you to do is you're jumping up here. We're looking in personal expenses and you're just going to put your your items here, right? I'm going to put my rent or mortgage is 4300 because I live in California and everything's insane. Let's put I'm going to put guesses for a lot of these. Okay, so Internet we're going to put 150.

Car payment, 500. Home insurance, we'll put 500. Health insurance is ridiculous because I have a family of four. Medical expenses, let's just say we average 250 a month and I'll do a couple other categories and we'll call it good, 200. Oh, groceries are hell expensive. Goodness, we need a lot of money. We need about, I think it's $1,000 a month. Okay, these are all on a monthly basis. Home repairs, let's say.

500. All right, 200. I'm not gonna worry about the rest. So you can add additional items anywhere just by clicking here. You can just drop them in right there. If you need more lines, just right click, insert a row, and you're good to go. It'll have everything ready for you, okay? So just drop in your number. So right now my personal expenses total is 12,600, okay? What you'll see is that these numbers start getting pulled up into your business snapshot. This is where I want you to.

This is where I want you to spend most of your time, is understanding this. What I also want you to do is go through the fixed business expenses on an annual basis as well. So when you look at the next step, it's this. Let's understand your business's costs, again, on an annual basis. We don't need to know everything on a monthly, so let's just keep it a little bit more high level. I gave an example here. Maybe I'll fill in a couple of these items. So let's just say I spend maybe 1,500. Computer electronics is probably a bit more. Well, let's see.

Cause I think I have camera and equipment next. So let's say I spent on average 3000 on that home office. This is usually a percentage of home expenses. Uh, I'm not going to worry too much about that. Cause that that's not actually cash out furniture. I'm not going to worry about, let's just put in some marketing. Let's say that I'm paying someone to do SEO. It's 2000 a year. Don't do that by the way. That's not good. Um, if, if I already encompass the internet up here, if I'm paying for it separately, like don't, don't double.

will count your expenses. So I already listed it up in my personal expenses and my home office is at a home. So I'm not gonna list that again. Let's say that we have 250 in website hosting. Let's say we got 250 Google Suite. Let's say we have 250 CRM. Let's say 250, I'm just guessing on these by the way. Let's say 500 for Adobe. How much do all these cost now? Okay, so put in all these things. Let's say my bookkeeper's 3,000, my accountant's 5,000. Actually, it's probably getting more like 5,000 and 3,000.

So, okay, get an idea. This is enough for now. I'm not gonna worry about kind of continuing this out. But what I wanted is some numbers in here because now when we go to the business snapshot, this is what I want you guys to have a picture of. So the personal expenses require 12,600, which means that annually I need 151,000 just for the personal expenses. Now what I've done is I've backed out like how much money you need to be making based on a simple rule. Elizabeth Warren.

She's a senator. She came up with this very simple budgeting system, the 50-30-20 rule. Okay, it's a simple way to kind of start household budgeting and what I'm doing is I'm using that rule to back out your numbers, right? So what she's basically saying is that, you know, 50% of what you make should go to things that you need, food, mortgage, rent, that. 20% of what you make should go to savings. 30% of what you make should go to wants.

So that's the 50-30-20 rule, okay? So what I'm doing is I'm looking at this and we said if based on Senator Elizabeth Warren's kind of budget, if we wanted to run with this, then we'd say if we need 151,000 and that those needs are 50% of how much we make, then we need to be making basically double that. The necessary household income is 302,000, right? But you could adjust these rates on savings, for example. Maybe I only want to save 10%.

Maybe I only need 20% for wants, you could pull those numbers down, and it'll give you a lower amount here for your necessary household income. I think I might have screwed up that. Let's fix that real quick. I broke it. Okay, I will fix that in just a moment. Right now it's giving us this number times 2. I'll have to fix that in just a second. From here, if I add these up, notice at the bottom right it says $241,000.

You could change those percentages if you would like, and that's totally fine, but it gives you the necessary household income. Now let's say, well, my partner makes $150,000 a year. It tells me what I need to take home. This is how much money I need to make to be able to survive based on this budget, right? And now we can go to the business and we go, okay, this is the fixed overhead for the business. This is the actual required revenue that we're gonna need.

And it's going to back all these things out with the tax liability to say, now our business must earn $240,000 a year. You can, by the way, anything that's black, it's already calculated for you. So don't change those. Anything that's green, you can modify. So if your tax percentage is 33%, put that in. If it's 25%, put that in. I just put a number to start you out. Okay. Now we go to the idea of sustainability. If I'm running a portrait business and I say, I want to charge a thousand dollars.

I have to make, the business has to earn $240,000 and I want to charge $1,000. I have to shoot 282 clients a year. So it takes your variable costs and it says, well, every pie, every job you shoot, you might make a thousand in revenue, but you're only going to bring in $850, this $850 is what's contributing to this, what the business must earn. Right? That's your contribution margin.

And I go, holy shit, if I want to run a sustainable portrait business, I need to be charging a lot more. I probably need to be like $2,500. Even at $2,500, I got to serve 102 clients, okay? I probably need to be somewhere in the $5,000 range. If this is how much I need my business to earn, this becomes reasonable. One client a week, okay, I think that's reasonable, but I got to be able to get to this level of price.

to support this lifestyle so what this is going to do is give you a very clear picture if the number of clients you need to serve is over 50 you're starting to approach the territory of this is going to be difficult not impossible you can serve 100 200 clients a year that is totally possible but i need you to think of what is the lifestyle requirement of booking those clients of serving those clients of delivering those clients that becomes a factor in all of this other factors too

is well, I can always see if I can reduce my personal expenses. I can always try to like, what, what can we do? Can we, can we potentially move into something that's a little bit more affordable? Cool. That, that reduces that. Um, can we start, you know, can we get, uh, a less expensive car? Can we reduce expenses? Can we reduce business expenses? We can always pull from the other side of this too. And every time we make those adjustments, notice that, okay, well now I only need to take home $99,000. Just that simple change.

didn't rent, right? Now I only need to serve 35 clients. So this is what's gonna give you a picture to see like, okay, what is my financial position? And that contribution margin number is huge because that's the actual number that's going towards all those things. If you want to take home $50,000 and you're only, your contribution margin per shoot, this is how you can do quick back of the hat math. I want to make $50,000.

dollars. My contribution margin per shoot is only $500. I got to shoot a hundred clients. That's why that number is so valuable. Okay. It gives you such a quick snapshot and a clear idea of exactly how much money that you are earning from your, your shoots is going towards what you potentially would like to take home, but this will give you a nice complete picture, uh, that you can utilize. I would, I love.

for every one of you to complete this at least once and have an idea of this. Do this every, maybe at a minimum, once a year you're completing this, putting everything in, because one of the things that I notice is that most photographers, when I look at their camera equipment, they buy stupid shit. Like most photographers' computer and electronic expenses is somewhere around like 10 grand, and their camera and equipment expense, they're buying all sorts of crazy shit.

Okay, it looks more like this, and in my head I'm just like I understand that a new camera is nice to have, but do you need it? I understand that you know having every light modifier is cool, but what are you actually gonna use? I want you to at least complete this once a year so you can get a picture of where you're at and you can go, hey I haven't used Calendly in six months, do I need that thing anymore? You can start eliminating subscriptions that you no longer need.

need and start controlling your expenses because honestly, the thing that I've learned after being in business for this long is it's one thing to generate revenue, it's another thing to actually be profitable. What's crazy to me, and I talk about this to my wife all the time, she has worked for so many startups, startups that get 20 million, 30 million, 50 million, 100 million in funding, businesses that never actually.

learn how to make money because they never learned how to control their expenses or learn they always had investment money coming in so they never figured out how to be profitable and it's crazy to me that i tell my wife i'm like we run a photography studio that's literally more profitable than your your 50 million dollar startup that these people are running it's no different inside of the photography space going back to that idea i i you would be shocked at how many photographers i've met who are making

$400,000 to $600,000 a year, and they can't pay their bills. It all goes back to this, financial literacy and just understanding these basic points. Okay, I think I've belabored this enough. If you have any questions, hop into the group and ask away. I'll go ahead and reset this out so when you get the sheet, it'll have all zeros back into it as well. That's it for this section. I know this was a meaty one, my friends. Hope you enjoyed it.