Okay, specifics. What do I put into each package? So this is the next piece that I wanna talk about. I need you to think solutions, okay? I'm gonna give you a thought to go along with this. I'm gonna give you a case study to go along with this, but every package should be a solution that's designed for a specific client need. We are not creating just packages that are just random collections of bullshit, okay? That is not what a package is.

that is not what, and by the way, I sometimes say packages, I sometimes say collections, these words can be used synonymously, okay? Just a grouping of products that fits a customer need. But what does it mean to think of these packages or collections as solutions? One of my one-on-one coaching clients, okay, is a physical therapy business. And they sell packages that are like 10 visits, 20 visits, or 40 visits.

And in our first console, the first thing that I asked is, what problem does each of these packages solve? Like you have one that's 10 visits, one that's 20 visits, one that's 40 visits. I go, who are the majority of your clients? And he says, well, they're ACL repairs. Like, so ACL repairs people that wanna get back to sport. I go, okay, which one of these packages would give them the right number of visits to actually get to that place? And he goes,

they would need like 60 visits probably for like a basic, for ACL repair to go from like repair back to, you know, return to sport, they'd probably need like 60 visits. And my first thought is how do you not have a package that's 60 visits, right? If that's what I need, if that's what solves my problem, why aren't you selling that? So what he has in these three packages is a random collection of bullshit. Because what does 10 packages actually solve?

just 10 visits, sorry, 10 visits solves nothing. I go, who comes in and only needs 10 visits? And he's like, well, you know, if someone has like a minor issue that they just wanna like kinda work on, then maybe 10 visits would be, but even then I'd probably say 20 visits should be the base. Well, then we should be selling a 20 visit package. That's the base for what we're selling. That's the MVP. And he goes, man, I never thought about it. Okay, then we should do 20, 40, and 60.

And I go okay Immediately you stop leaving money on the table because now we're not selling 10 20 and 40 now We're selling almost double across the board right and we're actually solving a problem So when someone comes in they go, why would I want package the third package? Well, I'm not even gonna show them the packages. My next thing was okay, we call package 60 Reach ACL return to sport. Okay, like this is how many visits you need in General and we don't say like we don't guarantee it

But we just say in general most people need 60 visits to be able to return to sport from these injuries That's the thing that you're dealing with right now. So that's the package. I'd like to present to you So you tell them which one is the best fit based on their need? I want you to take that same mindset into what we're doing here What we're doing here is creating solutions for their issues. My my issue is I need an elopement Package, okay What would be the solution for that? Well, I'm gonna get the

right amount of hours, the right amount of coverage, I'm gonna get, you know, do I need another shooter? Do I need like, what do I need? If I want a lifestyle family session, what are the components you need to be able to deliver that at an MVP level, like the base level, right? We think of the product, the service that we're trying to deliver, and what we need to get there. And then we simply break it out into multiple steps. So that's what we're gonna do here. Your MVP.

This is your minimum viable product. I want you to start here, okay? And remember, this is not a shitty package that nobody's gonna want. It's not a package that somebody's forced to have to upgrade. We're not trying to, you know, if you bought a car and that car didn't come with wheels and they were like, hey, you just bought a car, would you like to have wheels with it? You'd be really pissed off, right? Like, of course I want wheels in my car. Do not build a package that's missing wheels. The MB.

PPP is not a bad package, it's simply the minimum package that you would need to deliver a good service. So if we were speaking about weddings, maybe, and this is going to be different for each of you, right? Because I might say I could deliver, you know, ceremony coverage only in a decent wedding and get all the stuff I need in four hours. Some people might say six. Lani and Erica, my friends of two men, they would say we only have one package because to deliver the service that I need.

I want, that we want to deliver, we gotta be there basically all day. So this has to do with the way that you want to deliver your experience, right? But if we're looking at a three packet structure, it might be six hours of wedding coverage. Maybe it's just a lead photographer only. It's just the basics, right? High resolution images and an album credit. The thing is with credits, people are generally wise to credits. So putting in an album credit, you need to make sure that if.

If you do put print credits into these, make sure that they know that they cannot remove them to get discounts. There's no cash value to those credits. And truly, if you really wanna sell albums, you just need to build them into all the packages, including the MVP, okay? So maybe we have like some sort of a limited album that's built into the MVP. But look, on the portrait side, any portrait niche, right? If we're looking inclusive models, then maybe the base is a 30-minute session.

It's five retouched images, and a small album or wall art credit with again, the same kind of asterisks, not, no cash value type thing. Okay, and then we build from there. But we have to think what problem does this solve? So when we look at the portrait side and we go, I wanna create images for, let's say that my clients are content creators. They're people that own their own brand. They are personal brands, right?

So what does a 30 minute session solve for them? Or what is the problem, before I even think about what to put in the session, what is the problem I'm trying to solve? Well, a lot of content creators need just a few basic images to put on their website and on their social media profile. How many images? Okay, maybe one like on their website, one like on their about page, on their landing page, about page, one for their social media profile, and maybe like a couple of headshots that they can use in different places. Okay, that's five images. So I build my.

package to be that minimal like content creator starter package the starter kit it's solving that specific need okay and it's doing it at a baseline level hopefully this is making sense now then we go to the next package this is the better the middle of the road package this is your ideal cell this should be designed to include all of their primary wants and needs so it's kind of like what are the majority of clients

it's coming to you and asking you for. If we were thinking about that brand portrait for content creators, right? Maybe the most of them come and they're like, I just need, like I need a couple hours where you just follow me around and create different lifestyle images. I need like 30, 40 images for newsletters, for different things that I can use across the next two, three months. So this package is designed to solve that need. They're typical asks. And again, it's gonna vary. If we're looking at families, if we're looking at boudoir, if we're looking at.

weddings, this is gonna vary, right? But this is where we start including incentives as well. 10 to 30%, I think 30% is high, 10 to 20% is fine. But we show that as like, this is $5,000 normally, sorry, 5,500 normally, like that's the value, and you're getting it for 5,000. So we don't say discount, we say $5,000, normally $5,500. And what we're aiming for as we step up is, I wanna go for twice the.

sieved value around only 30% to 50% more in cost, okay? These are rough numbers, by the way, like don't take these as like very literal numbers. These are rough numbers, okay? So on the wedding side, I'm boosting it to eight hours of wedding coverage. Now there's a lead and a second shooter. Not only do we get more hours, but we get two people. Wow, there's a lot more value in that. We get the high resolution images. Oh my gosh, now I get a signature wedding album. This is way more.

than double, I could remove the wedding album and this is already double the perceived value because I get more time and another photographer, right? That's already double the perceived value. So that would be enough by itself to go, okay, that's only 50% more and I'm getting more than double. That's totally worth it. We wanna make that an easy jump. For portraits, maybe it's one hours, 10 retouched images. Again, doubling the perceived value without dramatically increasing your.

cost is really the goal, right? It doesn't cost you double to just simply add a little bit, 30 more minutes, and to add five more images. But again, we wanna design this with that problem, with the solution in mind. If 10 isn't enough, we need to design more, okay? Like put more into this. Then we go to the best. This is the dream package. This should include everything that a client would want and do not include, like don't go throwing the kitchen sink into this. Don't go throwing things that they don't want into this.

just gonna ask you to remove them. So it's everything that they would want. We continue with the incentives. We might bump it here. We might say this is shown as, this is an $8,000 value, but it's only $6,400 in cost. Again, we aim for two to three times the perceived value. This time we give it a little bit more of a bump. So we want this to be the anchor, right? So around 50 to 100% more in cost. Okay, weddings. Now we go, ooh, now you get an engagement session. You get 12 hours of coverage. This is a full day. Lead and.

shooter during the entire time high resolution we get signature wedding album plus two duplicate parent albums but this one's 12 000 my middle package is six okay do you see where we're going with this i'm giving you i'm throwing out guest number or like idea numbers okay so we're getting tons more value in this three times the value and maybe it's double the cost maybe it's 50% more in cost you're going to choose between 50 to 100 is your rough range on the portrait side maybe we're doing now

two-hour report session, maybe it's 20 retouch images, all the images at full resolution, private viewing session plus gallery. This, the viewing session, like design session is worth something. I would say the gallery is just kind of expected and you might increase the album or wall art credit. Okay, again, still this best package solves a specific problem, right? What is the problem on the wedding side that we're solving? Well, parents often want albums. The couple wants albums. We often have a full day that we need coverage.

for and they want an engagement session. So this is solving like this is everything you could possibly want and need and they actually do want this. So it's giving them everything that they would want essentially. Just a bit of advice on time. I don't like offering and I'm not gonna say that you never should do this, but I don't like offering unlimited time. And I'm mostly speaking to event and wedding photographers that might like use this as a selling point. Offering unlimited time.

time really puts you in a position where clients are going to take advantage, where they're going to say, I'm getting ready at 5 a.m., I want you to be there for that, and I want you to be there all the way up to 2 a.m. when the after-party stops. And realistically, you just don't need to be there that long. There's maybe nothing happening during those times, but they're going to treat it like a buffet. You pay $50 to get into a buffet, you feel like you've got to overeat just to get your money's worth. And this is the exact same feeling that we create from this.

So, it very much devalues your time and also you end up just being there for things that really don't add to the story, it just wastes your time and you're not getting any photographs out of it. Now, there's a caveat to this, like again, I brought up Two Man, my friends, Lenny and Erica, they don't offer unlimited, a lot of people think they offer unlimited, they don't. They give you full day coverage, so they don't want their clients worrying about hours, but again, they want to be there for the entire thing.

because that's the experience that they wanna deliver, right? But they have an asterisk that says this is not unlimited. This is, we will be there from when we need to start shooting to when we can end. So after they've got an hour of dance floor, they're good. They end it. They don't give unlimited time. But that's my thought there is I still like having the hours that are built in that are appropriate to the type of solution that I'm giving. And that way, when I wanna gift them time, like my clients over this.

this last weekend, I sent them text messages and I said look, I'm arriving early each day and shooting a bit and I'm also staying a bit late. I want you guys to know that this is my gift to you. This is my wedding gift. I'm not going to bill for any of that time and I'm also creating teasers. So it allows me to go above and beyond and give them an incredible experience to over deliver and they value that time because there's actually a cost to it that they know, right? So this

is the big thing for me is like I'd rather over deliver and not promise it when when it's unlimited there is no appreciation of anything extra that you do and frankly if you say unlimited and you don't you know if you're not there from the moment that they're up and and to the moment they go to sleep it's a negative thing they're like they said unlimited but they didn't really do it they didn't really stay the whole time it becomes a negative thing so be wary of that that idea okay remember I don't need you to

to kind of dive into starting this process yet, I'm gonna be giving you AI tools for the heavy lifting. So just understand these principles of what we're trying to do with this three package structure, with designing solutions, not just random collections of bullshit, and with kind of the price jumps, how we're doubling value, but we're only asking for a small amount more, okay? Making those decisions easy to move from step to step. Cool, let's go to the next lesson.