Let's talk about some of the nuances, because in the next lesson we're actually going to start using the AI tools and start coming up with things, and I want you to just hit the ground running and be able to go while keeping these things in mind, okay? So, when it comes to, if you're going to name your collections, you can always name them 1, 2, 3, it doesn't matter, but if you're going to give them names, collections or packages, keep those names neutral and positive, okay? So, we want to avoid things like bronze, silver, gold, because...

they clearly specify which one is better than the other. And nobody likes feeling like, oh, I bought the bronze package because I'm only worth a bronze medal. So let's avoid those types of names. Keep names neutral and positive. I'm gonna, the pricing coach I'm gonna give you, you can bounce ideas off of it and ask it for ideas as well. But look, sequential numbers, they work. It's simple, it's not like super creative, but that's okay, it doesn't have to be. That just means like package two, package three, package one.

That's fine you if you have an adventure brand Maybe you go off of like mountains and lakes if you have a destination brand, maybe you do favorite locations Maybe you tie it to your your favorite coffee like the the best names for packages or collections They tie to kind of like your brand identity and your your personality. So keep it on that I'm gonna give you this AI prompt to use with the pricing coach We haven't gotten to the pricing coach yet But you can come back to this and after you start the conversation with the pricing coach if you'd like ideas for names and

just grab this and drop it in. It'll give you simple ideas from there. The next thing I want you to keep in mind is the way that we present price. So what we're going to do is called a three-second price test. And what I want you to do is, in a moment, I'm going to show you a bunch of numbers. At a glance, I want you to tell me which number looks like the lowest price on this next page. And if you haven't been watching this live, I'll check in the comments to see what you think.

but which one catches your eye which one at first looks like the lowest price all right two three okay which one looked like the lowest price okay what's interesting about this is our eyes tend to go to three different places most of us probably went here first and then thought about it for a second and we're like oh that's not actually the lowest number

And then we're probably drawn to these two places. Not all the time, but the majority of the time. And it's kind of like a, this is a little game that I play just to kind of show you how price presentation actually affects the way that we perceive the number, okay? Our eyes tend to be drawn towards nine nines and these types of like numbers. So nines and fours as ending numbers, we tend to be drawn to. We also are.

Ron, and probably more so than anything else, two small numbers. Like, we kind of think that if the number is small, like physically small, like font size is small, that it's actually a small number. In reality, the most expensive number on this page is actually the smallest number, but the first perception of it, and it looks like, let's see, Magdalena said the $14.99. We had a couple people on this one and we had Steph on this one, so yes. So, oddly, the smallest number, the one that our eyes might be drawn to first is actually.

the most expensive, right? So what do we get from this? The whole point is I'm gonna give you how we're gonna present numbers. Generally in luxury-based models, like we are all offering a luxury service, right? We've established that. We don't do cents. So drop the cents off the end of everything. This just makes things look and feel cheap. If we're selling commodities, fine, leave your cents on there. Like cheaper items, we leave the cents on. Otherwise.

We don't. So we immediately just shorten to like the 00, okay? The next thing is, so 1900, what we're gonna do is also remove the comma. So remove the comma, use a smaller font size. One of the things too is like simple fonts, like sans-serif fonts. They tend to look less expensive too, which is weird. But anyway, so this is how we might present that number. 1900 will become this, right? Another thing is that there's four.

and nines are great numbers to end with so if our price is actually like around 9,200 if we can why not offer it at 8,900 like let's find the number that's closer that ends in a nine okay so if we're like again if you're at 87 or 8,800 let's go to 8,900 but let's land on the spot where 9,200 it looks like a lot more money than 8,900 our brains are perceiving

1,900 as still being 8,000 when in reality it's really close to 9,000, right? So use, take advantage of that. Same thing here, 45, 54, I might go to 4,400. Five is basically your breaking point. So anything like kind of above five mentally takes on a little bit of a different effect. So what we want to do is round to the double zero, remove the comma, simple, small fonts, high prices. We generally place towards the bottom right of a page. Build in taxes.

Again this is a luxury experience so if you have taxes that are applicable to certain aspects of the package build that in so that it's not like a you know oh on top of this you also have to pay. This isn't like a deal breaker it's just it's just not a great feeling from a client's perspective to have to also pay tax on top of that that number. Again fours and nines are great numbers to end with fives are the breaking point. Yes and and again to clarify that breaking point idea is that

$4,500 is perceived as a much larger purchase than $4,400. That's what breaking point means. So if I go to 4,500, that psychologically, just people think that is a much more expensive number, okay? In reality, it's really not, but that is the mind. All right, so just notes on that. Okay, next order presentation, we kind of covered this, but within a pricing guide or a proposal, if you're sending a proposal to like a commercial client.

we're gonna present from the best, better, good version. So we start with the highest price first, and it kind of looks like this. We start with the price anchor, then we go to the desired sell. Then if we have the MVP and elopement, either three or four packages is fine. The next thing, I want to remove these words from your vocabulary. This is like not only your vocabulary like spoken, but also in written form. So I don't want you to say things like pictures or images or photos. I want you to say photographs. I want you to call them what they are.

and these other words just kind of sound cheap. Instead of saying expensive, I want you to use words like an investment. This is an investment, or this is a lifetime purchase, or this is something you're investing in, right? Instead of the word discount, I want you to say this is a collection price, this is a package offer. Any of those is fine, but let's not say discount, okay? Need, let's replace with want. This one isn't as big of a deal, I don't, yeah. Um, yeah.

This is more for like sales conversations, like usually, and this one is not that big of a deal because if you say, you know, here's what I think you need, that's fine. If you say, here's what I would want or here's what I want for you, that's fine too. This one I should probably just remove. I don't want you to say things like budget. I want you to say instead something like price point. I don't want you to say prints. I want you to say wall art or albums. The prints doesn't sound nearly as valuable. I don't want you to say shoot. I want you to call it a session. Not a.

Package, again, I much prefer the word collection over package, so whenever I'm showing something to people, I generally will use the word collection instead of package. But if we're talking about something and you say it, it's fine, not a big deal. But generally from a client's perspective, collection is a much better term. Okay, all we're trying to do here, this isn't a comprehensive list, all we're trying to do here is remove words that sound cheap, that don't sound luxurious, that don't sound expensive.

So remove those pieces, okay? The exception to this rule is, there's always exceptions to every rule. I'm gonna say this. I do want you to use common vocabulary whenever it's relating to like design for user experience. Okay, UX is your experience or search engine optimization. What that means is I don't like it when you put investment as the actual menu option. I wanted to just say pricing because people know it by pricing. People are trained to see pricing.

and to click on that, and that's actually the most clicked thing on your page. So changing it to investment just means it's going to get less clicks, less views, and a lot of people aren't going to understand what it is. So once they land on the pricing page, then you can start saying like, you know, investment. Once they're there, start saying investment, but the menu item itself, let's just call it what it is. Same thing from like a search engine optimization standpoint is we want to use terms like, if you want to create an article that's wise photography.

expensive I don't want you to say why is photography a lifetime purchase or why is photography an investment because that's not what people are typing into a search engine so when we're looking at like a title for an article use the common vocabulary for the title then in the body of the the article you can always adjust language there as well but when it comes to keywords let's keep it what people are actually searching okay one last quick idea before we get in the actual design process

is I want you to consider splitting the pricing and experience guide into both a pricing and an experience guide. So pricing guide and an experience guide, having them separate. You can also have them combined. So you can have basically three versions, right? The reason is, is you will often be in a situation where you just wanna send somebody the experience guide. You'll sometimes be in a situation where you're like, okay, this lead is done, I can't get ahold of them and I need to send them my pricing and experience guide. So having these things split off gives you the.

to kind of like send one thing or the other when needed. You don't always have to send the pricing along with the experience guide. Especially like onboarding, like it's nice if you've signed a client and you've onboarded them. If you have the experience guide separated out, you can send them that. It's weird if you've sold me, you've already onboarded me, you've already sold me and during this onboarding process, you send me a pricing and experience guide. And you're like, oh, ignore the pricing part, just look at the experience part. That to me is very strange. So just an idea here.

to separate these things out, so you can use them in different steps of your client experience and workflow, okay? All right, now let's get into the goodies. Let's actually start designing.