The first thing I want to talk about is this idea of a contribution margin and kind of where you get this idea of cost-based pricing from, which cost-based pricing is actually not a bad way to price when starting out. I'll explain exactly what this is. Cost-based pricing is basically where you identify the costs of the shoot, which they are your variable costs, and then you multiply those costs by a number. Maybe it's...

two times, maybe it's three times, and that's cost-based pricing. Like a lot of you have already used the, at this point you're using the pricing coach and everything, and that's really where I want you to be. But cost-based pricing can be effective when you're starting out. If you are, when you're starting out, this is a great place to start because you can understand costs, and you can start working your way basically into those value and luxury models, but it gives you the flexibility at the beginning to start with lower prices and kind of quickly work your way up.

up. So let's figure out exactly how to calculate this and at the same time you're going to figure out what the margin is as well. So when starting to charge for your services, really at any point in your business, it's really important that you understand your costs and specifically what I'm talking about are variable costs. Variable costs are all of the expenses that you incur from one shoot to the next. So in accounting, my background is accounting by the way, which we are not going to go there.

But in accounting, there's an idea of a fixed cost and a variable cost a fixed cost is fixed No matter how many clients you serve, okay If you serve 20 clients your Adobe subscription, it does not go up and down in cost, right? That's a fixed cost right your your furniture your your electricity all these costs They don't vary based on how many people you serve But on the other hand like your mileage is not a fixed cost, right? Depending on how many clients you shoot your mileage

would go up or down. Your second shooter, that's a variable cost. Your assistant, that's a variable cost. If you're using paper for your backdrops, that's a variable cost. So variable costs are costs that are associated to each additional client that I take on, each additional service that I offer. We really want to understand those variable costs. It's one of the most critical metrics because we're going to figure out a lot of these important details in the process. So what we want to do is we want to look at well how many kind of shoots a year do I want.

to be taking on? How many am I taking on? What is my desired hourly wage? What are variable costs associated? What are the fixed costs? We're going to go through all of this, but let's just focus on the fixed costs for right now. So in your brand and strategy list right here, so let me pull this up and make sure that you guys can see it good. Perfect. Let's go down to the bottom and let's scroll to the calculators. I've zeroed everything out for right now, but anything that's green, these are areas that I've designed for you to be able to modify. So if you want to change something

and you totally can. And by the way, if you screw any part of this up and you wanna go back to the template, it's really simple. Pull up the template like I've done here, go to the calculator tab and just go to copy to and type in or put in your existing spreadsheet. This is also helpful if you haven't, because I updated this recently. So there's some small updates in this if you wanna get the latest version. You select your brand and strategy workbook where you have all of your work and you just click insert. And it's automatically gonna copy that.

sheet into your existing one it's going to leave it by the way at the end so you can click here you can rename this and replace your existing calculator once you kind of move everything over but that's how to quickly kind of do that or if you mess something up don't worry you can just go back to the template okay what we're going to do is scroll down to this section zero four c variable business expenses per client okay what i want you to do and i've adjusted this rate by the way for 2025 what i want you to do is just put in

and what the numbers would be. Like, okay, on average, I might drive 25 miles with every shoot that I do, okay? I don't use film. If you have any other variable expenses on the camera side, fine. Here's the variable time expenses. Like, oh, it took me, it generally takes me one hour to book the client. I also have to prep the gear. It takes me about half an hour to do that, okay? I don't have a shoot assistant, so I'm gonna not worry about that. Let's say that there's a portrait session and I don't have a lead shooter or a second shooter.

I do have to spend around $15 let's say each time with post-production You can give it an hourly rate by the way, or just a you know, I can say 0.5. So let's say it's $25 But all of these you can modify So if you want to change the rate like this the the the lead shooter if that's you, right? I'm gonna put the shoots on average or two hours Let's say that I want my rate my hourly rate if I were to pay myself as an employee which is

important that you kind of do so. Maybe you want it to be 35. Maybe you're okay with it being 25. I don't know. It's it's it's really up to you in here. So I'm just going to leave this at 30. So what this is going to do is add up all of the variable expenses. If you have an album or wallet prints that you deliver with them, you want to include those too, but this adds up all the actual expenses per client and you get the total variable business expense per client right here. Then there's an optional desired.

markup. If you want to do cost-based pricing, put your markup here. If the markup is 2x that's 100%, right? So the lowest price that I would ever offer this to somebody is $295. Okay, that's double what the costs are. It makes sure that I'm paid an hourly rate. That's it. So this gives you a good low-end price point and you can always say like I'm going to do 200% instead. This is totally optional for you if you want.

to start like if you're new in your business and you want to start with something low just to get people coming in this is a great way to begin and then you you quickly work your price up right you can also build in if you want to build in a discount to stand out even further you can although this is usually going to be pretty cheap to begin with okay what i want you to focus though on is this number i wrote key next to it this is the variable cost per client okay whether using all of these pieces are optional on if you're doing cost-based pricing this piece is the important part

this is your variable cost on average per client, which means that my margin is whatever I'm charging per client minus this cost. That's referred to as contribution margin. Where it's calculated is at the top of this, okay? So if we go back to the top and it has pricing right here and I have, what do I charge? What do I wanna charge? Well, let's say that I don't wanna do that cost-based price.

See, let's say that I wanna be charging $1,000 per portrait client, okay? I put that number in. It tells me my margin per client. This is contribution margin. What that means is, it's such a critical number to understand because whenever you take on a shoot, if you know that your contribution margin is 85%, that is, 85% is roughly $850.

out of $1,000, right, then you know exactly how much money you're essentially making from the shoot. How much of that money that you've made can go towards fixed expenses and kind of contributing to the overall revenue of your business. If for example, I'm only charging $500, then I know that my margin now is substantially less. I'm now only making $350 per client.

The quick back of the hand, what allows me to really analyze a business fast is when I go into like a physical therapy business or a financial services business, the first thing that I ask is what is your contribution margin? What is the typical thing that you're selling and what's your contribution margin? I want that margin to be somewhere around 60 to 80%. That's healthy. Meaning like after you've paid out second shooters and you've incurred.

those costs before we get to fixed expenses, we should at least have 60% margin. Because if not, then most likely I'm paying too much or I'm not charging enough, either way. But this is a hugely important thing. So, with that margin, let's go back here for just a second. I wanna see if there's any questions on this from our live people watching. But basically, I just gave you sample numbers here and then.

you can put in all of your own numbers, but the important factor was that element of understanding the variable expenses on a per client basis, okay? We know now cost-based pricing is just taking the average variable expenses and you just multiply it by whatever number, kind of like you're estimating fixed costs. You're just kind of coming up with a number there. And I gave you an option here if you'd like to undercut competitors. Again, if you, honestly, I do like to be at a value,

compared to whoever is in my category of competition, right? But I like it to be around 10%. I like to be 10% less than whoever I'm comparing, like whoever I think delivers something similar. If you're doing cost-based pricing though, your pricing is very likely already super low. And so this would be a step that you probably don't need to do. So let's go back up for just one second and let's make sure that we understand all the components here. Okay. Yes.

and just in case you're wondering all the rates that are included here these are just like net rates okay so like i'm not factoring in like uh you know if you're gonna have like social security taxes personal taxes these are just we're just doing simple bookkeeping math here not even booking math we're doing civil math here to have a good understanding of the picture we're not going into the details and the nuances but i want you to at least at a minimum i don't care what pricing method you're using this optional like the cost-based pricing is not the important

element here. The important element is that you understand the variable costs associated with every single shoot that you do. I need you to have that picture. That's going to be important and it's going to play into everything above. If you know that now, we now know what is our contribution margin and we can figure out a percentage of that margin. How much on average do we make from every client we serve? Why is this beneficial?

Like what if we did, um, what if we booked you guys for each of these shoots? And can you give us a little bit of a discount for that? I might say something like, yeah, like if, if we're shooting all of your events, then what I can do is work in kind of like a, a multi event rate based on a contract. So we'll do is we'll have a contract. We'll shoot all of your events for the year. And based on the number of events we do, we'll build in that discount. So you have a, a kind of a package rate there. I can know off the top of my head.

That if I give them a 10% discount, my contribution margin is still 70%. Okay. Not a big deal. If, if I'm, if I'm at 5,000, right. And I know that I'm going to have 4,000 in profit, giving them an additional 500 off 10% off to close it and to guarantee the business. It's very easy for me to do that right in my head. So understanding your margin is what allows you to do back of the hand math in these situations and come up with like, when.

win offers and hook your clients up while still making sure you have a very healthy overall profitability in the business. When you don't, then we're in a very sticky situation. Okay. Karen, Karen asked the question like, should your hourly rates include shooting time, editing time? Yeah, I think I have all that in there. So any of like, let's go back to that sheet for one second. Like, I believe I have, so here's booking the client, prep.

shooting, leading, second shooter, post-production, that's your editing time, right? So all of the costs associated here on a per-client basis should be built in. If you have extras, that's why I gave you additional line items right here, the math is already there for you, just change these numbers and adjust them. I'm going to go ahead and zero them, well, I'll zero them back out after the next lesson so that they're not in your template and adjusted. Okay, I think we got that idea and hopefully you'll get the importance of it even more so when we get to the next lesson because I'm going to show you how it ties into everything else.

So let's do that now.