Okay, so now let's talk about Google Search Console, just basically getting them set up. So Google Search Console, and then we're gonna talk about Google Analytics next. So if you don't have WordPress, you're just basically gonna set these up manually. Or if you already have set these up manually, that's fine too. Maybe you're using WordPress and you set these up manually already, and you're like, well, do I need to install SiteKit? Not really. But what SiteKit allows you to do though is just to see those analytics inside of the WordPress backend. So however you get to the information, it really doesn't matter, but you just need the information, okay? So if you're not using WordPress, let me just show you what we're gonna do. I'm also gonna walk through Google Search Console as well.

Let's talk first about why we want to be using this okay so what we're gonna be doing with Search Console is this is where you'll submit your sitemap this is the the basically little file that's gonna tell the search engine what your website is where everything is organized so we can index all of it. It's also through Search Console that you'll you'll use to kind of identify any major SEO errors and it's gonna show up as like poor URLs and you can also set up monitoring with email notifications so if something breaks one of the big things if you if you think about your website as like like what Google's trying to do what any search engine is trying to do is it's trying to gauge what is the reliability of this website.

website and if it's kind of like you imagine if you picked up a book that you purchased off a shelf and There's a spelling error on the you know cover of the of the book like they spelled a word wrong and you're like maybe that Was intentional and these are opening up the book and you start reading it and you're like man There's like grammar errors and spelling errors are all over the place You kind of get the idea that this must not be that good of a book, right? It must not be that professional the information must not be that reliable and Google's kind of the same way But it references your website like how a website should work. There shouldn't be Broken links or 404 errors. There shouldn't be misspellings and grammar issues. There shouldn't be you know bad

content or things that just don't make sense for the audience. The audience should find what they're looking for. So what it's doing is really looking at all these things and so when it gives you these errors it's kind of giving you a heads up like hey I'm noticing these things aren't really set up correctly on your website and it's hurting your optimization, it's hurting your performance because it lowers the credibility of your website. We don't know by how much but we know that the difference is significant. Like if you have major errors that difference is noticeable. So this is also the place where you're going to monitor performance. Now if you were to look at the back end this is kind of what you're going to see and

This is for Linenjursa, it gives us a little overview. It says 68,000 web search clicks. And you know what, why don't I pull up, I'm not gonna do this with analytics because it's very similar, but for this side, I'll pull up the active version for Linenjursa. Okay, so here's Search Console. This is the overview where it gives you like a little bit of insight, 30,000 total search clicks. And you might notice that the console changes some of the layout and some of the views will change. But the nuts and bolts, like the details of it are not going to change. If we look under Insights, you can see like even for the last 28 days, this is again, one of the huge reasons why we're telling you.

Like SEO is still viable, it is still fantastic because as I've mentioned, we have not worked on this website since 2018, 2019-ish, right? This is organic views. So Search Console is only showing you organic views. And so we're still getting 9,320 clicks on the website, or 90, yeah, yeah, 9,320, up 10%. We have 1.34 million impressions. And again, all of this stuff was created years and years ago, okay? So there's still a huge benefit in this that I want you to recognize. And you could even see like, I think it's worth noting that like this screenshot was taken back in 2023 to.

24 right between that little three month window like we're still generating a substantial amount of clicks and impressions despite not working on this and and that's what I want you to recognize is this is a long-term marketing asset so when you go to the back end the place where you submit your sitemap is just right here you scroll down you go to sitemap and you'd enter the url for your sitemap and it shows right here this is indexed and and everything is good there okay so depending on the platform how you generate or what that url is going to be this is going to be adjusted a little bit but we'll talk about that in just a moment now there's a big question with sitemaps people always ask like if I make a

changed my website, do I need to resubmit my sitemap? The thing is that Google's gonna re-index periodically, so generally the answer to this is no, but if you are doing certain things, then it is worth submitting. You can't really hurt yourself by resubmitting your sitemap. So if you change the sitemap URL, that's an obvious one. If the sitemap moves to a different location, obviously you should resubmit where the new sitemap URL is, right? If you make a major structural change, this can happen when you switch to a, let's say you switch to a different theme, let's say you do a rebrand and there's major structural changes, absolutely, you should submit your sitemap again.

If you want to potentially speed up indexing after you've added a lot of new content or maybe fixed errors, so you went through and fixed a bunch of things, you also went through and added a bunch of new blog entries, then it could be worth resubmitting. It just speeds up the process a little bit, okay? Again, it's really hard to tell you by how much, but if you make major changes, go for it, okay? Now, how to check what is indexed from the backend. You simply go to Pages, and under Pages, it's gonna tell you essentially what is indexed and what is not indexed, okay? And pages that are not indexed, it's for a variety of reasons, but that'll...

give you a quick view of essentially what we have as far as what is indexed. You can also go directly to Google. You can actually type in site, and then colon whatever site you want to check, and it'll show you a listing of all the indexed pages. I don't know that that's super useful. But yeah, this is how you can check. Don't freak out if you just submitted your sitemap and not everything is indexed, by the way. That's normal. It takes time for those things to get indexed. This is why when we work on SEO, we're not really trying to get immediate results because it's impossible. What we're trying to do is build these long-term assets that start generating views, usually a few months after they're created.

So they kind of it kind of takes a bit of time There's a bit of a lag there the most valuable thing here and what we're gonna focus on on both analytics as well as on on Google Search Console is We just want to see where people are going. Okay. I want you to click So basically if we go under search results, what we want to do is we want to see essentially What are the pages that are actually being indexed? Okay So as I scroll down and I think this is showing a very specific page right now So I have to click that filter off Okay, there we go so as we as we look here what we're looking at is where people going on the website and what I want to see is The specific pages right here

All right, what are the pages that people are clicking? Well, a lot of people are going to this Sangeet Indian wedding tradition, so they wanna learn about like what are Sangeets essentially, right? The holiday ceremony for Indian weddings. You see a lot of it is based on this. The reason why this becomes very valuable is because as these pages get popular, we wanna make sure that we have calls to action on those pages. Whatever page is getting viewed, we wanna make sure that there's an entry point to become a lead essentially, right? For them to submit information. So that's really gonna be the focus of why we're looking at analytics. Sure, we wanna track results over time, but what we wanna do is make sure that

wherever people are on the website, there is an entry point to be able to convert them from a view into a lead. And I'll show you examples of that as we go as well. The other thing that's useful here is the URL inspection. So this is gonna give you like, you know, if you have major errors, but you can inspect specific pages if you like. This is where you can also request indexing. What I want you to notice is that your website's gonna generate a lot of views regardless. Our search console basically is showing this, when we look at Core Web Vitals, this is one of the reports it gives you on like the URLs. It says 652 URLs need improvement.

72 good URLs. What we really are looking for here is to make sure that there's no poor URLs, okay? These are areas where we have a major issue. We have a 404, we have something majorly going wrong on this page. The 652, you're always gonna have quite a few URLs that need improvement in our field, especially because we're photographers, right? Because generally, one of the big things on a website in terms of optimization is speeding things up. But we run image-heavy websites because that is what we do. It's the nature of our gig. And so you're gonna have a lot of URLs that are gonna show up as needing improvement most of the time.

It's just gonna be because, oh, there's a lot of images on it, so it takes extra time to load. We're gonna talk about optimizing images, but I want you to understand that this is not like a huge warning sign. The poor URLs is the thing that we wanna focus in on. So remember that SEO is this game of refinement, right? It's not about getting it perfect, it's about making improvements over time. So poor URLs, we're gonna fix immediately. URLs that need improvement, these are not gonna kill your ranking. They're usually due to image and load speed. Good URLs are gonna be your examples of ideal pages, let's make more of those. But all we're looking to do is improve over time. So this is a little rundown on basically just Google Search Console and kind of-

why we're using it, how the backend works. Now just go ahead and verify your domain on Google Search Console. It's, there's not really, you know, unless we're installing SiteKit, there's nothing really to install here. You're basically just signing up for a Google Search Console account or linking up your Google account to it and then linking it to your verifying your domain or your website through it, okay? So I gave you common instructions or instructions for common platforms right here. They're all linked up. Again, the AI prompt is very simple. You know, if your platform is not in there, you're simply gonna go towards AI and you're gonna say, how do I set up Google Search Console? And you might say for,

on Wix, okay? Usually most of these platforms that are significant are gonna have their own instruction sets too, but this is the easiest, you know, again, you got your full set of instructions right here. Once it's done, you're good to go and that's it, okay? So pause here, let's get that done, get your website verified. And if you'd like to do a bonus, you can also add Bing Webmaster Tools if you'd like. Bing still does get, you know, a decent amount of search volume. If you don't wanna do this, that's okay too. You can focus just on Google, but I've included that as just kind of a bonus step. If there's any other search engines you wanna include too, that's fine. But Instruction for Common Platforms are right here.

there again you have the AI prompt go ahead and at least at a minimum let's do Google Search Console if you'd like the bonus hit Bing as well