Okay, so how do we optimize a landing page or a homepage for SEO? And again, I probably should have just said homepage, but this really applies to kind of like what we're about to talk about applies to any page that we want to optimize on our website. Okay. Remember, when it comes to the homepage of your website, you're aiming for the primary keyword, right? So that's going to be a broader keyword generally that's going to take more time to rank for, but it's the same set of steps that we're going to follow on all the other pages we create as well. So what we want to first avoid is any techniques. This is an old school term, but I think it's still valid. They used to call it black hat technique.

techniques, black hat techniques is doing things that are specifically designed to kind of take advantage of an algorithm, to take advantage of a search engine. And these are techniques that not only is Google, Bing and every other platform good at detecting, they will get you potentially banned. So what these concepts are is like keyword stuffing. That's probably one of the biggest ones is keyword stuffing or building up links that don't even matter, you know, trying to do things that are just kind of like strange, right? Keyword stuffing is by far the worst culprit, not because it's maybe it's not the most

insidious of them, it's just the easiest mistake to make. We go, oh, I'm a newborn photographer and so I'm gonna put newborn photographer throughout all of my copy on my landing page, right? And so you don't realize that this is actually a black hat technique, you're just like trying to get Google to know that I'm a newborn photographer. And so we stuff it inadvertently and the important thing to remember here is that you're writing for a person, not for a search engine. So if it sounds weird to you, hey, I'm a newborn photographer based out of Orange County and if you're looking for newborn photography, then I'm the place to go because I'm a newborn photographer with eight years of experience and you don't wanna go to other.

other newborn photographers because they have less experience, that is keyword stuffing. So if it sounds weird to read out loud, you are most definitely being flagged for not writing good copy. So I'm giving you an example of this. Anytime we write copy, right, the examples are, here's a bad example. Welcome to our Los Angeles wedding photography website. We started our Los Angeles wedding photography studio in 2008 and we specialize in capturing emotional beautiful wedding photos primarily for Los Angeles couples who are getting married and having wedding photos, but we also service Orange County wedding photography clients. So if you need wedding photography, that's bad. This you're going to get flagged. You're going to get dinged.

Don't do it. A good example. Welcome to Linnanjursa, Los Angeles wedding photographers. We started our wedding photography studio in 2008. While our studio is based in Orange County, we work with wedding clients throughout Southern California and all over the world. Okay, we know that we're targeting Los Angeles wedding photographers. Here, if we had a secondary, we're kind of hoping that maybe it picks us up for Orange County as well. But notice that we're not stuffing it just with this one keyword phrase over and over and over. But we have mentioned wedding photography one more time. We've also said weddings here. It's written in a natural way. Now, an even better example is welcome to Linnanjursa, award-winning Los Angeles wedding photographers. Since 2008.

Our team has captured timeless weddings with a blend of artistry and storytelling. While we're based out of Orange County, we proudly serve clients around the world." So I'm not even trying to, I'm not even, I'm not even trying to stuff more than one usage of my phrase into here. It's just one and then I'm writing to the audience, right? And again, the more personal your brand, I think the better. So the more you can make it, you know, this is an associate brand that we're kind of giving an example of. So the more you can make it personalized and, hey, I want to welcome you, you know, my name is this, the better. Keep your writing very designed for the person reading.

it not for the search engine and keep in mind too that on your entire home page right you've got a lot of space to be able to say those things over to be able to use the keywords so use it in a natural way all right now some i know of you are kind of thinking like raising your hands like oh i'm guilty of this no worries just make the adjustment quick because this is one that gets you flagged very fast um yeah okay another quick thing that uh is easy to one of my favorite ways of just thinking about search engine optimization and how a search engine

works, right, is to realize that the entire, before AI was a thing, Google and Bing and every one of them, Alta Vista, do you remember that? All of them were trying to design an algorithm that worked like a person. It basically helped people to find the best solutions for them. So since AI's been developed, it's that much more effective at it. So what I like to think about in this optimization is that if it's good for the user, if I'm making my page easier for them to.

understand, more simple, easier to navigate. I'm, I'm following good SEO practices. If I'm making things difficult to understand a little bit hard to read, copy isn't that great. Then I'm following bad SEO practices. A search engine is ultimately designed to get people what they want to see. If you are creating things for people and what they want to see, you're already doing the things that you should be doing from there. It's just about kind of crossing some T's and dotting some eyes to make sure that everything else is in place. So what does that mean?

Practice, that means like if you have areas where the font is difficult to read, like you're using a cursive font or a scripted font over a large section, you're gonna get slammed. If you put a dark font over a dark background, you're gonna get slammed. It's difficult to read, right? Or a light font over a light background, that was one of the other big issues that people would do is they would be like, oh, I'm gonna put this thing at the bottom of my website. It's just gonna be white on white. So white text over white, so nobody can see it, but I'm gonna stuff it with keywords. Man, every one of these techniques that people used got them blown up in these search engines, like blown up in a bad way, like they get.

moved. So think of it from that side like optimization is really about optimizing for the end user, not for a particular search engine. Okay. If you ever get stuck, you can use this to kind of help you out. So I'm giving you a little prompt. So how do I modify the blank section on my website platform? Because what we're going to do is I'm going to show you just to optimize certain things on your, your homepage of your website. Okay. So the first thing is updating your title tag. The title tag is an HTML element that appears at the top of the browser tab and ideally in search result previews. So when you go to Google and you type in and you get a response, the

Title tag is ideally what shows up right here. Los Angeles wedding photographer, Lin and Gersa, right? We wanna update that, and it's also what shows at the top of the browser tab. Okay, why do I say ideally? Because once again, AI has been incorporated into every single search engine. And so what a search engine is trying to do is it's trying to give the most relevant information as this title to the end user, which means that it may or may not actually use your title tag, but it does take inspiration from it. And if the rest of your body and the rest of your copy follow suit with this, then it very likely will use it. But it tries to.

to figure out what is the best title for this website for the end user, and it's gonna modify accordingly. Which means that we wanna keep the title tag, wanna keep it short and sweet, maybe include your primary keyword phrase, and I kind of like the idea of including a short description there. So rather than just Los Angeles wedding photographer, if I were to modify this today, right, it would be, well, Seattle's best natural light wedding photographer, right? Because I already have Lin and Jirsa right here. It's already serving up my name and my business and my website right there, so why be redundant? Why waste the title tag space with our name again, right?

I'd rather give them a brief description of what it is that I do or where I might do it. So epic puppy portraits. So even epic puppy portraits would be enough, but if there's a particular area that you serve, then epic puppy portraits in Boston or serving Boston. Salt Lake City family portraits. I would love like organic Salt Lake City family portraits, right? Let's get descriptive about it. So when someone sees it, because again, remember, we want the person that sees it to have a reason to click it. That's the whole idea here and the change that we made. So Tim Eirik, he recently posted in the Facebook group. He said his click-through rate went from

0.7 to 1.8, okay? I want you to give you guys an idea of that. 0.7 to 1.8. Now, that sounds like Tim Post, he's like, well, I guess there's a 1% improvement on the click-through rate on Google, so that's a win, I guess. And I'm like, dude, you don't understand how big that is. Because 0.7 to 1.8, this is a net difference of 1.1. So 0.7 divided by 1.1, or probably the other way around. Let's go 1.1 divided by 0.7. Mother tutter. Okay, that represents 158% improvement.

improvement in click-through rate. All we did, all I told him was, Tim, we wanna make sure that the title is something unique, like cinematic wedding photography out of this. Like say something that describes a little bit more of what it is so that people have a reason to click it, a reason of why it's different from somebody else. His click-through rate went up by 150%. Now for context, that means instead of, if he got 100 impressions, instead of seven clicks, he would be getting 18 clicks. That's massive. That's 150% improvement. And those little tiny 1%.

make a huge difference in the end of the day. Because if now, out of 1,000 views, I'm getting, instead of 70, I'm getting 180 click-throughs on my website, then if my website converts 5% of those, whoops, I didn't mean to shrink that. If my website converts 5% of those, that's almost 10 leads now. And previously, if I was converting 5% of 70, that would have been, what, three leads? So this is the net difference that these things make, and that's why we wanna really work on those things, okay? So this is a big one, update the title tag. Next is update the meta description.

This is a hundred fifty five characters to describe what your page is about and it shows right below the title Okay, there is no direct seo benefit in this. So what you want to write here is something to get people to click Okay, again i'm showing you like what our old stuff was so I can tell you I wouldn't do this now what I would do now is say like Something relating directly to our clarified message. So if your clarified message is, you know, um Adventure portraits I create epic adventure portraits for couples in love That's what I would put here epic adventure portraits from an award-winning photographer based out of this locate that Information that's going to get them to click

So I want you to think of the clarified message and adjust here. And again, this is an ideal thing. So we're hoping that it selects it, but it's still going to read the rest of our website, the rest of our home page to try to understand like, okay, is the title in the meta description actually accurate based on what else I'm seeing on this page? All right. So these are the two things that we adjust first. Okay. So again, if you're wondering how do I adjust this, then we grab this and let's go to here and I'm going to say, how do I adjust the title on my website? Oh, on my, let's say.

Let's say Squarespace. How do I adjust the homepage title on my Squarespace website? Cool. Changing the homepage title. That title appears at the top of the tab results. On a Squarespace, it involves editing SEO settings. Here's how you do it. Okay. There it is. SEO title settings, boom. Now what I want you to understand is this. I use Tim as an example. Let me pull up Tim's website. Okay, this is that title tag. You see at the top.

top cinematic wedding photographer from Tucson, that's what we adjusted. So simply adding some description to this, 150% improvement. But guess what? This is also in line with everything you see on this page. Tucson wedding photographer visually arresting his call to action. Look, cinematic wedding photography for couples who value passionate and artistic storytelling. If Google grabbed this for the meta description, would that be okay? Yes, abso-freaking-lutely, right? If it grabs something down here for it, absolutely, what we wanna do is make sure that the entire homepage is designed in a way where it matches the meta description and matches the title description.

but hey, if AI or Google or whatever says they wanna pull something else from my homepage, that's gonna be relevant too. That's what we're aiming to achieve. So that one change, and I hope Tim sees this so that he's like, oh, that was actually a big deal. Making that small change made a massive difference because now, this is where, if we go back to that idea, do you all remember, do you remember when I said that, do you remember when I said like trying to market without a website that can convert views into leads? This is like leaky bucket syndrome, right? We're basically catching water with a bucket full of holes.

And what I want you to understand in that is you're seeing here now, if I have to generate a hundred views to get me seven clicks versus a hundred views to get me 18 clicks. Okay, let's translate that. So if I convert 5% of those into actual leads, right? Well, if I get close to 20 clicks, I'm going to get one lead, which means from a hundred views, I'm now getting one lead, as opposed to previously from a hundred views, I was getting zero leads. I would have had to generate, let's see.

We need to do that in order to be around 250 views to get one lead, right? This is what I mean by you're working twice as hard for half the money Because if you have to generate three four or five times more views to get the same number of leads Then that's how much more I have to be grinding on social media grinding in every aspect of my business to get more eyeballs as opposed to Simple changes in conversion rates. Oh now my website can convert views into leads better Holy shit now. I only have to do Now instead of doing three posts I can do one

and it gives me the same number of leads. Does that make sense? If you make these changes across the board, these little tiny adjustments, you go from having to post 10 different posts on social media to get one lead or to get one client to one to one. This is the difference that we're talking about. Okay. And yes, Karen made a great point right there that I think is worth bringing up is that your brand strategist can actually help with all of this. So that's why we have the brand strategist created because at any point in time, you can go back to your brand strategist and say, let's actually do that now.

Hey, with what you know about my business, and I'm not gonna worry about drift, it'll probably drift because it has so much, but give me a short meta description for my website. Okay, so at any point you can come back to this. Oh, it actually got it right this time. Okay, North Nest is a Paris-based elopement and destination photography studio. So would I take this exactly? No, I would make adjustments. I would say raw and emotional love stories for couples who value connection over tradition. And I might say Paris-based elopement, capturing raw and emotional love.

emotional love stories, because I don't need to say North and Nest again, right? That's already described, they see that already. So we remove redundancies and we get something beautiful right from this, okay? So make sure that you're making adjustments to this as you go. All right. I love the foundation work you guys have been doing throughout these steps. I'm hoping you're seeing your efforts are paying off like now, how quickly we can start moving through this. So the next piece after you update your title tag and your meta description, right? This is your headers. This isn't really a big deal. Most of the time you're not even adjusting the code on this.

you're just doing this visually, right? Most websites now we're just typing in things visually, but I want you to still know the terms. Whenever you hear the term H1, it's just talking about the primary header of a website, and H2 is a secondary header, and H3 is a third level header. An easier way to kind of like understand this idea, I almost feel like, is just to go, I'm just gonna pull up, sorry, not Google Analytics, let's go to Google Drive, okay? And this is a very easy way just to understand website structure in general. All I'm gonna do is pull up a Google document, and I'm gonna type in, this is the title of my document.

And guess what I'll highlight this and I go up to the styles and I select title Okay, this is the title of my document and then I go this is the first important thing. I want you to see That's my second layer and I go now that's my heading number one Okay, this is the next thing. I want you to read And we go heading number two and I go okay this is a Subpoint under this next thing that you just read and I go heading number three and Do you see how in the?

Organization right here. If you click on any of your Google Docs, by the way, it'll show you your tab structure What we're doing is is not just uh, it's not just showing hierarchy to this it's actually an organized method of Browsing the document right? It's a full outline and it's a clickable outline So if I actually pulled up something that was a little bit more in-depth, let me just Okay, I'm gonna grab This is my one of my consulting clients I'm working with I can I can use this to kind of move around This is what a sitemap is. It's just a document that tells Google where everything is

is on a website, but this is also what an individual web page is. Like an individual web page is just designed in a way where it's like this is the first thing I want you to see, this is the next thing I want you to see. And we use these silly terms, they're not silly, they're based on code and things that, you know, the organization method of it. We use these terms to describe it. And what I want you to recognize, these terms are anything crazy, they're not complicated, it's just an h1 is how you formatted in the past. I mean it's still this way, it was because this is the way you would format it in HTML. It would go like this, h1. So everybody started

calling them H1s, and now it became this big thing where people are like, holy shit, what are my H1s, what are my H2s, what are my H3s? No, again, all we're doing with a website or a webpage, with each page that we create, we're creating an outline, a structure of how people read it, of how they interact with it, and how do we design that structure in a way that makes sense to them? Which means that in the past, I would have told you in the past, make your H1 Los Angeles wedding photographer, but I've been telling you, actually, since I have version one of this last year, I was like, you really don't need to do that anymore. I would rather your H1 now be your clarified message, and then your H2, your secondary header.

right here to be your SEO title, right? Like if you wanted to be Los Angeles wedding photographer or Newport Beach newborn photography or Paris elopement or whatever that might be, I would make that the H2 now. And the reason is because search engines, they're incorporating a lot more intelligence than they used to. So whether something is an H1 or an H2, it's not gonna make a huge difference. Now, if you are old school and you wanna keep your H1 that way, I'm not gonna tell you not to, that's fine. But I'm always focused on what would a person rather see first? To be honest, if I land on Lineagers' website, I'd rather see crisp, clean, different.

Let's see a clarified message that isn't bullshit. But I'd rather see that than Los Angeles wedding photographer. Because that's a small and detail I can go right beneath it, right? So to me, it makes more sense to write for the end user. So this is that note. It's okay to make your clarified message, your H1 and your primary keyword phrase, the H2 at the top of your page, that's fine. And then as you go through the rest of it, right? As you go through the rest of your page, like we had Tim's pulled up. So let me just go back to that one sec. I don't know why it doesn't give me the URL. Okay. So we'd have to look at the code to see which one of these is what. But right here, this would be an H1.

Right here, meet Timothy is another, this is either going to be an H two or an H three, right? Real love stories. This is an H two, each section underneath it might be an H three. So all we're doing each section is, is denoted by an H two and we're only placing SEO keywords in those sections when it makes sense, like here, let's chat. How, how insane would it be if he wrote, let's chat with a Tucson wedding Let's chat with a Tucson wedding photographer. That's complete bull. And people wouldn't like that. And so the search engine is not going to like that. So you're always designing for people with the understanding.

of what helps the search engine to kind of like keep things organized. This is why I say H2s, they're written only for your audience. Include keywords only if they fit. Use H2s to guide the user experience. A page generally has only one H1, so you have one primary kind of title. And then you have as many secondary as you want, as many thirds as you want, that's totally fine, okay? So we just wanna make sure that that's how your pages are organized. You're not gonna have to look in the code. I just wanted to give you an example of what it looked like in the code, which I show you guys as well, okay? So this next piece is just making sure that your headers are properly titled and making sure that.

It all makes sense. And then the next step is, well, the first paragraph should be this core message. This is the section that's right below the hero, ideally. Hopefully it's above the fold. And it's just a simple kind of SEO-ready message on the template that I showed you guys earlier. This is that section, right? It's just right below the header. So I like an SEO-ready message there that can kind of expand the clarified message. And again, we can go right back to your brand strategist and say, okay, now I need a paragraph for the first section below my hero. I'd like it to be...

a little, like you can tell it what to give you or you can just say, I'd like for you to create this but make it SEO ready. Okay, and then you can use that to give you ideas. And instead of like, this is gonna give me one idea. So we believe love is best captured. So would I use it directly from this? No, of course not. But I like this unposed, unscripted, and deeply felt. Like that could be a freaking clarified message by itself, right? Based in Paris, we specialize in elopement and destination. I don't know if I need to say that again.

Well, if we're going for that keyword, the primary keyword like Paris photography, then maybe we do mention again just to include the Paris one more time in there. We specialize in a local destination wedding photographer for couples who choose adventure and authenticity. I want this to be more personalized, but at the same time, this is getting you ideas. And I can say, give me five more versions. And the more guidance you give it as far as what you'd like those versions to be, then the better, right? If I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to put my portrait next to this and I want it to be a little bit of an intro to who I am as an artist and what I like to do, how we focus on our clients, it'll give you better output.

So it kind of just depends on what you'd like the experience to look like, but we get five more ready messages. Okay, so we're building on the clarified message, we're writing to the target avatar, and we're making sure that we do not keyword stuff in this area, okay? Then the next step of SEO optimizing a homepage would be to pepper throughout, in a natural way, your primary keyword phrase. Now, what I'm saying here, doesn't this apply to literally every single page you create on your website? Like, if I create a page that's about, let's say, tips, when to plan your newborn photography session.

isn't your H1 when to plan your newborn photography session? And wouldn't your H2s just be the different points you're gonna make in that conversation? And then wouldn't we also want like underneath the H1, we'd want like a little body of text that describes what we're gonna be talking about in this resource? It's all exactly the same thing, right? All we're doing, and that's why I like the Google document analogy, all we're doing is we're creating a document and organizing it with structure, that's it. Making it easy to navigate and to go back and forth. And you do this on your homepage.

page, you do the exact same process on any other page that you create. So you pepper the page naturally with the keyword that you're using on that page. Because this is the home page, we're using the primary keyword. If it is a resource page, we use that secondary, the niche keyword that we're aiming for, right? Newborn photography tips, or planning a maternity session, or when to do a boudoir shoot, or whatever those terms, whatever those things are, the articles, the resources, the topics that are relevant, that's those keywords, right? Okay. So the last piece of...

of this is to make sure that when we use images, that those images are also keyworded, both in the file names and their alt descriptions, okay? So what we want is, I'm gonna give you a complete guide on this, like a, actually, this next one is literally this. So I won't go too deep into this. I'm just gonna say that this is step seven. We wanna make sure the file name has SEO-driven words, each separated with a hyphen, and then the alt tags, we can include a full description, and I'm gonna give you examples of that in just a moment. So that is optimizing a page in a nutshell. You're gonna do this once for your homepage, and if you make adjustments from time to time, that's totally fine, but you're gonna follow this.

process of optimization for every additional resource you create. The beautiful thing is that ChatGBT and these websites the website platforms, they're so easy to use now that you can do it all visually. And then the output that you're getting if you're using the article creator that I've made for you, it already gives you H2s. It's already planned into it. So it's going to do a lot of the heavy lifting for you. One quick note, let me jump back to this ChatGBT site. There are certain things that AI does that are very clearly AI. So again, I don't want you to ever take copy directly from this. I want you to make it yours.

clue as to what some of those things are. The little EM dash, nobody fucking uses these. Nobody uses those. This is a dead giveaway. Whether you're sending out an email to somebody, whether it's a, it doesn't matter what it is, anybody that uses AI knows that an EM dash is an AI generated response. So make sure you're taking out EM dashes from your stuff. The other thing is like strange wording structure. Oftentimes it's, let's see here if it gave me one. Oh, things like this, where it goes, okay, specializing in low-minimum destination weddings, we approach every celebration with a.

calm, present, deep understanding of how to preserve fleeting moments. The result? Timeless photography that feels like you. And chat GBD, and every AI loves to do these like short little like, these sentences in between where it's like, and how? This is how. And what? This is what. All right, so these are just, there's a lot of these little nuances. Same, this is the structure. For couples who value presence over pressure or work on a gender minor, the best stories are the ones lived fully, not staged. Where we go, okay, these sound a little bit generated. Anyway, I just simply want you to understand that I need you to take.

copy and make it yours, but this is a beautiful place for ideation. And yeah, the EM dashes are your biggest warning that someone has written to you using AI. Just a heads up. All right, let's keep going.