a really fantastic item for menus. Another element that's really great for your menu is testimonials, a specific page that just showcases client reviews. It could be videos, it can be all of that, okay? And yeah, W and E just stands for wedding and event, meaning like these are more wedding and event focused, whereas all these others could be everything. I do feel like partners, maybe not vendors, vendors is a very wedding specific term, but if you're not a wedding photographer, like let's say you, maybe you're a.

at Portrait Photographer, right? And so you might put partners up in a menu item where like you have your favorite groomers, where you have people that you frequently work with that you want to build. Again, my favorite way of doing this is you put the people into there that you want to be working with. You don't necessarily have a relationship with them yet, right, but you know they do good work. You know it's a brand that you wanna align yourself with. So you feature them in this section of your website. Then you send an email to them. You're like, hey, I just featured you in my menu.

you're one of my favorite vendors that offers this. I would love to be able to collaborate with you and you use that as a window to kind of connect with them. It works incredibly well. All right, let's jump to the next lesson. All right, perfect portfolio design. Let's get right into this. So here's what I want is before you choose a website design before we actually lock in the theme and go and buy it, what I'd like for you to do is actually put the portfolio together first.

because the images in your portfolio, it needs to actually fit with the design, with the template that you end up choosing, right? So I wanna give you the rules for that first so you can put this together and then we can make sure, and I'm gonna show you how to do like kind of a mock up in a second or in a bit of like putting those images into the actual design to make sure it fits, right? So the first thing I'll say here is less is more, less is more, period, less is more, less is more. All right, so if you have.

If you have to ask the question of whether an image fits with your brand and your clarified message, honestly, the answer is no, just kick it out. Like if you have to ask for someone's feedback. Now, there is a place to ask for feedback on your portfolio and we'll get there. But in general, if you ever question it, that already is your answer. I think the most powerful way that I can show you this concept is to simply show you a really shitty set of photos. We're gonna start with, this is my very first engagement.

shoot uh my very first two engagement shoots okay um 17 something years ago i don't know how long this is a while ago and you can see how awful it was you can see that that it's not only filled with underexposed images and and tons of dutch angle and tilted images and sepia tones and basically just know this oh my god i had them stare through peep like these binoculars at each other's eyeballs

I can't tell you, I've looked at this and I've shown this in so many lectures and it still bothers me. Anyway, whatever images that I shot, I guarantee if it came out somewhat decent in the camera, I ruined it in the edit, okay? And these were the terrible photos that I ended up with. This is the second session that I did with my partner. By the way, neither of these people paid. This was my business partner, Justin. This was a client that we shot for free that we ended up shooting their wedding with and getting paid for. But yeah, there was some decent photos in here. Most of them are trash.

but then I kind of ruined everything in the edits. I think all of you would agree this is a really shitty example of work. In fact, I can guarantee that every single one of you are taking better images than these. Even if you just picked up your camera, they're probably better than this, okay? I know you agree with me. You don't need to like, you know, rub it in or whatever. But here's what I do wanna do. I'm gonna take this shattastic set of photos and what we're gonna do is I'm gonna narrow it down.

to four so within those I don't know 60 80 images was these four photographs And what if this was all you saw? from my work Suddenly kind of your impression of my work changes, right? You're like, that's a really nice expression. That's really cute Oh, this looks nice. Oh, that's so cute there and I didn't change the editing. I didn't change anything This is still the bad editing style. They're not cohesive But suddenly the impression

of the work got dramatically better, didn't it? Even with the terrible set of photographs that we had there. The point of this is for you to recognize that even when we're looking at a really bad body of work, less is always more. That simply what you choose to show can very much dictate what the perceived quality of your work is. I will say this though, in the idea of showing your work and creating the best perception possible.

please make sure that whatever it is that you show, they are things that you can actually replicate, okay? I don't care if you use portfolio images in your, not portfolio, you know those portfolio shoots where people pay to go on these portfolio shoots to add things to their imagery? I don't care if people wanna put those in their actual website, in their portfolio, but I do care when they can't reproduce that work. And it's not like, I'm not gonna, I'm gonna mind my own business, it's not like I'm stepping in

or you're ripping people off, although I think they are, it's more so I care because they're ruining their own chances of running a successful business. If you put things in your portfolio that you can't recreate, you create a perception of work that you won't deliver on. And while you might get some clients right now, you're gonna tank your business within six months because you won't be able to deliver what you're showing and then you're gonna get bad reviews. So that's the main thing there is, I want you to see how less is more. I also want you to showcase things that you can easily reproduce, all right?

and to understand that if it's not helping, then it's taking away, okay? So again, most photographers have images in their portfolio that are actually pushing the ideal clients away. We wanna make sure that that is not the case. All right, so this is your high-converting portfolio designer. This is your little checklist that I'm gonna give you. So potential clients, they're very likely only gonna look at 10 to maybe 20 images of your portfolio, which means that we don't need that many. Go for 20 images.

if you really want to add more fine, but every image has to be better than the last one. I want you to make sure that you are following this guide. So select images that match your clarified message. If you're doing boudoir for women over 40, I don't know, whatever type of boudoir you're doing, make sure that whatever your clarified message is, every image you showcase matches it. If you're doing children's portraits, don't go throwing concert images into it. Don't go throwing senior portraits into it. You're like, oh, it's kind of still children's portrait. No, if you're doing fine art children's.

portraits, showcase fine art children's portraits, nothing else. So it has to match the clarified message. It needs to resonate with your dream client avatar, which is why we created those first needs to elicit an emotional response from the viewer. It needs to be as good. So every image, think of every image of being as good or better than the last image, and it needs to represent work that you can easily confidently recreate. Okay. Call images out that don't represent your current quality that are questionable on any level.

and that don't elicit an emotional response. Now when you've done this, I want you to pause. When you've done this, you've met the checklist, you've got the 20 images, that's the great time and place to say, hey, I've followed the checklist, this is my clarified message, this is what I want, these are the images that I think would be great. Post those images into the group, into the mentorship group, and say, what do you think? What are your thoughts on that, okay? So that's the little kind of thought and tip there.

All right, done with this lesson. Let's hit the next. How to choose your website template. Now we're at the point where I want you to actually make the selection, right? Again, we're not gonna reinvent the wheel here. My two favorite places for getting design themes, for website design themes and for templates is Creative Market and Themeforest. And really, Creative Market is by far my favorite because they do a really good job of culling and taking out bad styles.

Essentially or not really showcasing them So what you would do is go to create a market and you'd type in like something like if you decide I'm gonna use WordPress you type in WordPress You type in photography and theme. Okay, and then it's gonna bring up WordPress photography theme So here's the Delphine one that we've been using as an example throughout this There's plenty of different ones that you can look through if you're using show it you would type in show it Photography theme and it's gonna bring up show it base websites Obviously each of these platforms to they have their own Marketplace

as well, so show it would have its own marketplace in addition to what you can get on Creative Market too. But that's the gist of it. Now before you actually go selecting though, I have an exercise that I think is very, very useful. So let's actually pick one of these and maybe we'll use this one just as our example. I'm gonna click the live preview so it pulls up and here's what we have, okay? Let's go back to the slides for one second. So again, my reminder here is that the perfect platform doesn't exist. So you're gonna get.