Okay we're diving now into step five. This is where we're taking everything that we've done from steps one through four and we're going to put it all design a website that converts. Okay so not only crafting the material but making sure that the website actually brings our views and converts them into leads. Questions and topics that we're going to be handling throughout this module. What website platform should I use? What does good website design look like? How?

How do I design to fit my brand? Going into kind of the V2 filming of this, I've really done a lot in adding a lot of extra examples and guides for you all, just so that you have some inspiration into like what these pages should look like. We're gonna talk about like your menu must-haves, the pages that are essential for your website. I'm gonna give you examples of those as well. We'll talk about what pages you should eventually build out, how to set up your portfolio, the images to choose, and how to perform a website grunt test. So.

So everything you've done thus far is to make it so that when you hit this moment, you can really just hit the ground running. Like we can take everything you've created and know what we're doing in terms of the website as opposed to spending time here guessing. One more mention of this, I know I'm mentioning this at every module, but this is fast paced. You can rewatch this as much as you like. I do believe that education needs to be short, needs to be simple in order for it to be effective. So please pause, implement, repeat.

Bring your questions between sessions into the mentorship group. Uh, let us know whatever you have. Uh, it's a great place also to like, if you want to do a website review trade, you can post in the mentorship group. Hey, does anybody else want to do a website review? And you kind of like trade reviews and whatnot. Also a fantastic place to share wins, aha moments. And look in this process, you're going to have a lot of little wins, like, like knowing what to put on your website, designing out one page, getting sure this, this one section of the website.

Tune up all those things are wins. I want you to recognize those I want you to share those wins are not just big or small They're the things that are happening on an everyday basis, and I want you to be able to see them That's a huge part of leveling up your confidence in what it is. You're doing and running your business Okay, let's dive into the very first lesson All right, so your first goal number one goal first goal same thing and your platform choice Okay, let's talk about this first your number one goal in this

this process is really, I want you to create a website that fits your brand identity as quickly as possible so that way you can focus in on bigger, more important things, namely your marketing efforts, your sales efforts, your actual taking of pictures. So what I don't want you to do is spend a lot of time or money doing custom design work. I'm gonna give you specific things here to avoid. Custom website design, honestly, I would say is expensive.

The range of like $2,000 to $5,000 custom design work, in my experience, it does not get you that much further than simply a $100, $150 template, okay? I would rather you use a template, I'd rather you use something that is already designed, it's already set up, and simply make it yours, put your own images, your own content into it, versus do custom design work. And I found that in that $2,000 to $5,000 range, honestly, it's hit or miss. Like.

Sometimes you end up with a website that is slightly better than a template. Most of the time you end up with something worse. So why even worry about it? This is not gonna be a deal breaker. If we have a good website, a respectable brand, that is enough. We give our own criteria for this just so you're aware. We don't spend money, custom money on website design. Sorry, custom money, that doesn't make sense. We don't spend on custom website design until our business has surpassed 250,000.

in revenue. Otherwise we are using a template. There is just no point and when we get to that place and we're gonna do custom design we set a budget of at least $10,000 because that's really the place where we start noticing okay now there is a difference between custom work and what we're getting there. So I just want you to avoid that. We want to also avoid heavily modifying a template. Okay the the whole point in choosing a platform, choosing a template, is that you end up with something that is very close to what you want. So if you heavily modify a template

Chances are you're probably gonna make it worse than what it actually, what it kind of already is. I don't want you also to kind of have this like mindset of like I'm gonna rush to get it done just so I can move on because there's no such thing as like getting it done. You're gonna work on this over time and you're gonna wanna come back to it. Plus rushing the process, you're gonna end up with something that isn't that great. Again, we're gonna struggle when it comes to marketing because as we create views, those views land on your website, they take a look and they don't convert.

to actual leads. So I don't want you to rush through this process and at the same time, I don't want you to spend weeks trying to get all this perfect either because again, there is no such thing as perfect, right? We're gonna continue to improve your website presence, you're gonna continue to wanna make tweaks over time. What we wanna do is get this to the right space and place and then move forward, come back and make little adjustments as we need. I also want you to avoid thinking that there's such thing as like an ideal platform. It doesn't exist. The perfect platform, everyone.

Any one of these directions that you go, I promise you will be annoyed. You go WordPress, you're going to find things that annoy you. You go Showit, you're going to find things that annoy you. You go Squarespace, any one of these directions, you will find things that annoy you. So once you commit to one, stick with it unless there's just deal breakers along the way. You can't get to a design you want. You can't find what it is that you need on that platform. Then it's worth considering switching. For the most part, every platform that I give you here is going to have all the things that you want.

need, but again, I'm going to say this. I want your decision here to be largely guided by the actual template or website. Uh, kind of some places call it a template. Some places call them themes, whatever it is. I want it to be guided by that. So your decision is largely guided by simply that platform already having the template or the theme that really is fitting of your brand. Okay. Here's the website platform list.

This is not all encompassing. What we've done is kind of list out, I think the 10, nine or 10 most popular, and the ones that we know the best, okay? So at the top, if I were to do this on my own, all right, we have ShowIt and WordPress. This is probably the combination that I would do. ShowIt basically gives you the option to add WordPress along with your kind of monthly subscription. And I think it's a little bit more expensive. It's like probably 35 bucks a month is somewhere around that range. But you get.

I basically show it's website themes, which are beautiful. They work incredibly well. They have a lot of different design options there. There's also a lot of extra themes and different things you can get for show it, which look amazing. It is a little more costly than other routes. And you also get WordPress along with it, which means that you basically get all the features. You get all the SEO that you want because WordPress is gonna run the blog side of the business. So you get the nice templates, you get the WordPress blog. It's kind of the best of all the worlds. It is a bit more expensive.

Next option that I think is one of the better options is just going with WordPress. And I'll mention it's wordpress.org, meaning we're using the plugin WordPress for our own custom installation, basically, for like a hosting company. This is gonna be one of the cheapest options that you can go with, okay? You're gonna buy a theme. I'll give you examples of where and what to get. But I'd say that your ease of use drops quite a bit, okay? It's gonna have a bit of a learning curve understanding WordPress. But you get the features, you get the SEO. Once you get things set up, it's fine.

It's just you're gonna have a bit of a learning curve when it comes to WordPress. Then we have all the other options, Squarespace, Zenfolio, Pixyset. Honestly, I'd probably end up with Squarespace if I were to choose. So these top three is really where my mind is, but these other platforms offer some decent stuff as well. You'll notice that as we kind of go to some of the other, you know, Webflow, ease of use is not that great. It's also expensive. Wix, good, but like not as good on like the SEO side. So there's kind of benefits and drawbacks. Me, well, I'll.

I'll show you where I lean to. If you are tech savvy, if you want all the features, the options, you want the least amount of cost over time, full SEO potential, honestly, wordpress.org is probably the right decision to go with, okay? Little more difficult to set up upfront, but as far as features, SEO, everything you get exactly what you want. It's very customizable, even though I don't want you to do too much of that. But I'm talking more about like website features, not like design stuff, okay? If we want.

simple and streamlined, I'm just gonna go show it. I'm gonna go show it, I'd probably use the, I think I missed my number here, it's supposed to be eight out of 10. But look, show it has, oh, I remember why. I dropped it a little bit because I would combo with show it in WordPress. You do have to learn a little bit of WordPress during this route, but it doesn't make too much sense to only do show it because you kind of want to have a blog functionality, you want the ability to add those things. So anyway, very simple, easy to set up, great feature.