new company, a business, I'll often just be like, you know what, this go-around, I just want someone to design it for me. I'll go to 99designs, you're gonna select logo design, and for the package, choose bronze or silver, okay? Don't go wasting money on these, like, gold is recommended, you're gonna get 90 designs. Honestly, we've gotten great designs from just the bronze level. You're gonna get even better designs. The max I would go, by the way, is silver. You'll get even better designs by just your, like, the way that you describe the brand. That's why you did all that work in steps one through four, so you can.

and actually say what it is you're trying to convey. Ideally, give them also a little sample of what website it's gonna go on to. That'll help them even further to design the right logo for you, okay? But this is the way I would go about it if I'm doing, you know, if I just wanna have someone else get it done for me. Do not fall into like they're getting their brand guides and all the other stuff. It's just not necessary. You can create those on your own. I'm gonna show you how to do that. I'm also gonna show you if you wanted to basically just.

DIY your logo, I'll show you how to do that. So there's two ways to do this. One is with Canva. So first, you're gonna go to Canva and just go to the homepage basically, and I want you to type in, you could type logo kit or logo template, okay? And what this is gonna do is it's gonna bring up brand kits. So this is why I say don't have someone create your brand kit and your logo kit. Because all you're gonna do is go to Canva and get ideas. You're like, oh, I like this logo. Oh, Porcelain Studio, that looks fantastic. I'm just gonna put, you know.

White Rose Studio. Don't use White Rose because that's actually a friend's business. But you might put whatever it is right there and there you go. Then there's more like this, right? Aaron Martinez. Oh, I can just take my name and replace it there. Oh, I can just do this. So this is a really easy way to design your logo and to have your brand kit. So brand kit, right? With brand kit, you're gonna search and this is gonna give you essentially the brand guidelines. This is where you choose your colors, all of that.

Very easy to do this kind of on your own because you've got all these designers that have created beautiful templates for you. You basically choose essentially what resonates with your brand. You can also go to creative market. Let's just see creative market. Why doesn't pull up the actual websites when I type in part of it and you can type in logo kit. OK. And then you get a ton of different logo kits brand guides and things like that here as well. Logo kit or if you just put logo template I think that would work.

would work too. Yeah, there we go. And you can see a bunch of different types of minimal logo kits. And they'll have a bunch of different logos. So when you see this, you'll get a ton of modifiable, like all of these are basically modifiable logo sets. So you find one that's like, oh, there's one of these that I really like that I could use for my brand. And you would just run with that. You get it done for 29 bucks, 39 bucks, whatever it might be. So easy, easy ways of kind of creating your own logo, doing your own designs, creating your own logo.

brand kit, I would recommend creating a brand kit. One of the things with that is, rather than try to create that before, like you have your website, is I would, I would honestly choose my website first, so that way the colors are kind of dictated by the website. So a big part of the brand kit is like colors and typography. I would choose the website template, the website theme, and then just simply pull the colors into my brand kit, pull the typography into my brand kit, and then I have that ready.

and then I just design a logo that would fit for it. So I would really go from that standpoint versus trying to go the other way and then trying to fit the colors on the website. I want you guys to think of this in the most efficient and just time-saving way possible, and that's the way that I would do it. A couple quick reminders when it comes to the logo itself. Don't overthink it. There are a lot of right logo answers. There's also a lot of bad logos, but there's a lot of good ways that you can go about this, but it's just some simple rules. We want a logo that's simple.

and clear, okay? Easy to read, easy to understand, easy to recognize. We want it to also look refined and looking refined doesn't mean that it has to look like a particular brand, like it doesn't have to look like Gucci or like, you know, Hermes. It means that it looks like it's kind of polished and any of those templates that I showed you, those all look polished, they all look good. What we don't want is like you just writing your name, you know, you just like typing your name out or it just looks too basic, right? It doesn't look like a legitimate logo.

We also don't want a bad looking logo either. We want to make sure it fits the website and brand. Again, design all of this. Put this together once you have the website and the theme kind of picked out. I'm going to give you methods of doing that. I'm literally going to give you a guide to how I would do that process as well. We want it to fit the website and the brand. We want it to work well when it's small or large. One of the mistakes that I often see is that people choose complicated logos which might look nice when they're big, but when they get shrunk down they look really busy and they're difficult to read. We want it to work well.

different sizes. Okay, I gave you some of my favorite design resources for this. Canva, Creative Market, Niantic Designs, there's the links to all of them. Most of the time now, I'm honestly just going to Canva, grabbing a template, creating something. I save all of these things. Like, I don't do any, I think I've mentioned this before, we kind of set that quarter million dollar number for us. Like, a business needs to be generating for us at least $250,000 in revenue before we're willing to like put money into design and aesthetics and things that make a minor difference.

We want things to be good, but using templates, using all these different kits and resources, we can get something looking professional and get to the actual meat of the business before we have to spend major money on anything. And why not do that first? Why not allow the business to prove itself, to start making good money, and then start working on those little things, those little improvements over time? So this is the way that I would approach the entire process and hope this was helpful. Let's go on to the next lesson. Okay, menu must haves.

And options, let's do it. So we already covered kind of those must-haves. I'm gonna go quickly over this because we mentioned it at the very beginning of that kind of design guide. So the must-haves, keeping it simple, these are like when you launch, portfolio, pricing, contact, about, blog, okay? The additional options, this is like depending on the experience that you want to create, depending on like what you want to include. I'm gonna give you ideas here. The very first thing that I would like for you to add is resources.

want there to be a resources page where this is where all your articles, your valuable content, where we kind of do our top-down marketing design, this is where those things are gonna go, right? The things that we can potentially turn into lead magnets, the things that we can build into our user experience, all of that is gonna go into resources. So this is probably the most critical one that really I want every one of you to put on your website. But some of you might have services on your menu as well, where like you're showing other related services, right?

It's not the main thing that you do, but it's something that you also have. Now, what I would recommend is you don't put, don't do like full listings with like all the details there, you know, don't make this overly complicated. Don't include genres of photography that are really outside of your bread and butter. So like, if you do children's portraits in your service should probably not be a link to your boudoir work because those two things are very disconnected. But if you do.

children's portraits and that's your main thing and in the services menu it showed families that would be fine okay we just don't want to have two things that are completely disconnected there but if you want to include those other services and some people go yeah i want to have a menu option because it's not the thing that i promote but i want to have a something that people can click on if those are things that they're interested in or more likely than not when i talk to them so that i can have something for them to look at that's that that would go into like a services menu another thing you can do is actually build things like

If you're like wedding and event related, you can create really great relationships with people to build venues or Vendors and this doesn't have to be wedding an event only right if you have other partners collaborative partners that make sense to include We can include vendors as well. And I'm gonna give you an example of each of these. So if we go over to linen jerseys page Okay, right at the top. You'll notice that there's wedding venues. And so we basically from an SEO standpoint we've kind of covered the venues that we want to be working at and

And each time we feature a new wedding venue, we actually reach out to them to say, hey, we just included you on our vendor resources, right? Under here, you'll see our favorite vendors under resource as a section. So again, it's a great space for you to be able to mention collaborative partners and to be able to then reach out to them and say, hey, I featured you. Why don't we chat about how we can work together further, which we'll talk about more as we get into like kind of the marketing strategy. So those are.