then it might look like this or on any mobile device, right? That's responsive design. Depending on the size of the window, the design will essentially change automatically to look decent regardless of where they're coming in from. Okay, so just make sure you test it on desktop and also on mobile and you'll be good to go. Also make sure when we get to the place and you're actually adding your own features in, you'll wanna test it then too because sometimes the things that you add can potentially break it. Now, I made a little mistake here.

This is one slide that I forgot to update. So I have a checklist, and what I'll do is I'll update the checklist. So in your workbook, you'll see the complete checklist. It'll have every step that we kind of mentioned in a little guide on there to kind of work through. So when choosing that theme or design, you wanna make sure it fits basically each item on this checklist, okay? And remember, once the website is done, all right? If your website design is good, the whole purpose here is to get your brand to a place where people respect it.

We talked about this in a lecture conversation that we did just a bit earlier, where what does it mean to have brand respect? Well, it's a spectrum, okay? But essentially the idea is when someone sees our brand, they see us as professional, they see us as established. It doesn't look like a fly-by-night business. We don't look like the taco stand on the corner that's there sometimes and that's not there other times. We look like an established business that's there to stay, that there's intention behind what we've created.

Now, your first website is by no means going to be your last. Once we have a brand worth respecting, then we have this sliding scale like, well, how far do we want to keep improving it? How far do we want to make it better? And what I say is make those improvements over time. But once your website design is good, once your brand is there, it meets the basic criteria, it's good, it's worth respecting, we look legitimate, then that's no longer your biggest bottleneck.

that's no longer your biggest constraint that's holding you back. So I want you to move towards other areas of the business that are gonna move the needle rather than try to make little tiny improvements. So essentially what I'm saying is get your website to 80%, to 90%. Because going from 80% to 100%, going from zero to 80% you can do in maybe two to four weeks, okay? Zero to 80%. Going from 80% to 100% might take you six months.

And the improvement you're gonna see with the amount of time that goes into it is just not that dramatic compared to getting it to 80% and then working on actual, well, let's generate more leads now. Let's go to the marketing side. So that's the advice and thoughts that I would give you. Again, the entire point of this section was so that you understand good website design, what should go into the website, what it means for your website to sell on its own and to give you examples of that. Don't worry, we're gonna continue. I'm gonna give you.

create guidance as we go through the rest of these lessons. All right, let's jump to it now. Let's briefly talk colors, typeface, and logos. I just wanna give you all a few ideas as you kind of move forward to choosing the right design. You kind of have a sense of what each of these things kind of mean and the kind of feeling they create, okay, from colors, from the typeface, from all of it. So let's start with just brand colors. My big thing here is to keep things simple, okay?

especially when your imagery is bold. I mean, even when your imagery is not bold. I like minimal design. And the concept behind this is, when have you ever walked into a museum and seen artwork featured on anything but kind of a plain wall? It's either a plain white wall, a plain gray wall, a plain black wall. The background of something is always gonna be simple because they want the eyes to be focused on the actual work, the actual artwork, right?

And it's the exact same thing with your website. The busier your website is, the more colors, the more bold the backgrounds, all of it, the more it's gonna pull away from the images. So in general, I like minimal design. I like just simple, clean, subtle background colors. If not, just you don't have a background color at all, just white, white always works for that reason, okay? It's gonna allow us to focus on the imagery and that's what we want. Yeah.

even more the case when your imagery is bold. Because if your imagery is bold and you have colors going on in the background and things happening, then it becomes just way over the top. So look, subtle background colors, those are my preference. If you do want to use some bolder colors here and there, it's used as like, use them as accent colors, as areas where you want people's eyes to go. Like a call to action, like something there that you want them to look at basically. Okay, I've harped on that one enough.

From the standpoint of like, well, what is color psychology and how this ties to your brand? If you're thinking about creating a brand and you really want to tie the colors over to this feeling that you wanna create, this little guide will give you an idea of kind of what these general common colors creates in terms of an emotional response. So I wouldn't say these are by any means like, like, it's not that you're always gonna feel this.

way it's just like these are common colors used and these are the common associations with them so on a newborn type website you might frequently see a little bit of pink a little bit of peaches like these kind of colors that feel feminine they feel calm warm and caring but you probably it probably wouldn't make sense to be on a newborn site and see a bunch of reds right but we could imagine reds maybe on like a boudoir site as a as a call to action or something there it feels bold and passionate we could imagine purples being used

just on a wedding or even on a boudoir site, anything if we wanted to feel sophisticated and luxurious, those would work well, right? If we want like a senior portrait brand that feels friendly and confident, maybe we want our accent color to be orange, maybe it's yellow, this is a way to kind of tie a bit of color psychology a little bit deeper into the brand that you're creating. But again, remembering that really we wanna keep things minimal, okay? So that way the imagery speaks for itself. Moving on to.

your brand typography. One of the big things that I say is please, when you get a template, when you get a theme, when you choose what website you wanna use, whatever platform it is, you're gonna find the thing that looks great as is, do not heavily modify the typography on the page, okay? It's just not recommended because chances are you're gonna mess it up. And typography is a huge element that dictates the refinement, the quality of a brand's design. When you get those themes pre-designed,

the designer themselves, they understand typography to the point where they know what to choose, they know the spacing, they know all of that stuff. I'll tell you this, in my experience, I've only seen one photographer's website turn out good when they chose their own font. It was my friend Tim, actually, he's another alumni in the program, and I'll pull up, let's see, that's not it, let me just pull up his, Tim Irek Photography. Okay, and he spent weeks, I remember he found the perfect theme, he's like, but the font is not right.

He spent weeks looking for the perfect font and he finally found it and I'm like, you know what dude? This actually looks really great This he's the only person who has got that like like has the design eye to basically create this even though I would probably say there's a little bit of room for improvement like the spacing between the heading here and the Typography is a little bit tight, but it actually still looks good. It's readable and whatnot This is the only example that though nine out of ten times when someone modifies the typography

on their theme or their design, it looks so much worse. So that's my recommendation there. If you're gonna dive into it, it's gonna take you a lot of time to figure out the right one. And even then there's risk to it. Okay, so what about the actual fonts themselves? What do they convey? Like if colors can convey emotions or thoughts, what about fonts? Especially for like say a logo, right? But also for the rest of your site. Well, Serif fonts, these are fonts that have.

of these little edge markings on them. That's a serif, right? So serif fonts, they tend to be or feel more traditional. They're often used to kind of like create a bit of trust. They're respectful, like kind of formal feeling. Whereas a sans serif font, that means like they don't have those little edge markings. So sans is without and without serifs, right? These fonts are often more modern, more sophisticated. They feel minimal, straightforward,

easy to read. So that's kind of a little bit of the feel that comes with them. Then you have, say, script fonts. These are like signature cursive type fonts, which are nice if we want to use them in a very sparing way. Like in a logo, that's fine. In a logo, it's elegant, it's fancy, it's creative. On a website, we want to make sure that their usage is very sparing and that we're not relying on people being able to read them well because these are really difficult to read. And so it can really dramatically impact usability if we have.

a lot of headers that are in difficult to read script fonts. We want to kind of avoid that. But that's the general kind of feeling that's created. So as you go about creating your logo, think about what type of logo, what type of feel do I want to create? Is it more minimal? Is it more traditional? Is it, and you'd choose a font accordingly. Now, I want to specifically talk about logo design for just one moment. So let's go ahead and pull up 99designs. If you want to just pay and have this done, my favorite thing to do is anytime we're designing