The next piece that we need, step four, is gonna be social proof. So what we want is throughout the homepage, we wanna pepper some accolades, some testimonials, wanna offer social proof, basically. And if you don't have accolades, that's fine. Testimonials are honestly the most impactful thing. Accolades are helpful as well. Reviews, showing numbers, those are helpful too. If you have fun statistics, well, I'm gonna give you examples of these, okay? So here's from our previous website. This is one of my favorite sections that my partner's removed, but anyway.

It was featuring interesting stats used as elements of social proof. So like featured in, and we listed out the magazines, all the publications, companies, like relevant companies that we work with. And then I love this section. This is in the well, way above by now, but anyway. Weddings and events at 1.5,000, five-star reviews, publication features, moments captured. I think that stuff is so cool. It's such a cool and easy way to interpret the level of experience that you might have, right? So statistics are great.

if you have numbers that you can boast. Otherwise, why not showcase something like this? So this is on Mott Photography on Tom's website where it says 100% five-star reviews, 95 and counting. That is huge, better review rating than we have. That is amazing, and that's worth showcasing. What I generally say here, and I told Tom the same thing, is don't show the, if it's on Yelp, don't take a screenshot of Yelp and put it in your website. It looks gross, okay? It doesn't look good.

like it fits. What I say is put the reviews and then have a link that might go to another page on your website where you show more and maybe even on that page you could link to Yelp if you wanted to showcase them there. But I don't want you to link to Yelp on your website or link to Google from here so they can read more because we want to keep them on your website. Once they're there we want to keep them there and we want this to look fitting on your site. Plus you can showcase those reviews as well as they're scrolling. So there's plenty of examples of how to do this like the written out test.

Ceremonials the the stars the statistics all of those are our social proof. They want to kind of pepper throughout the page Okay, they make for great section dividers step 5. We want to talk about the experience. We want to show a place Where potential clients can learn what to expect basically from what it is that you do I don't want this to get in the nitty-gritty I want it to be kind of well step 1 is this step 2 is this step 3 is you know? The reveal whatever it might be but

about that experience a little bit. Now for the template, the Delphine Rose template, it had this section right here and it's not specifically designed as like your experience, it has like an element, like a link that you can click here to go to the experience. What I want you to recognize too is when you get a template, you could easily turn the portfolio, the experience, read my journal, you can turn this into step one, this is like the booking, step two, this is the shoot, step three, this is the design process, right? You can easily change a section like this on the template.

on a template to be whatever you need it to be and with it still looking good and still be fitting. So just keep that in mind. But let me give you some examples of what that section might look like on a homepage, right? So if we look here, this one is from Tom's. This gives kind of like this visual timeline of Tom's client experience. So one, scheduled meeting, two, pre-wedding contact, three, the wedding day, four, post-wedding, five, you enjoy, okay? Whatever you, I wouldn't recommend, by the way, more than five.

of steps on this process, but this totally works. Let's just check and see if there's any questions that, okay, clear my, okay. There is a great question in terms of, Stephanie posted while we were live. She said, in terms of the preference for the clarified message versus the SEO statement, you want your SEO location as your H1. What she means in that, when we look at this, is that the H1 is the first heading on your website versus the second heading on the website. You're not.

wrong, Stephanie, from a technical standpoint, sure, that would be technically ideal from an SEO standpoint. Here's the thing is that those rules on H1 versus H2 are a bit dated. OK. All of these search engines are utilizing a lot of AI functionality and a lot of advanced search features. And what they're emphasizing now is readability and basically user experience. They want to make sure the person on your website is staying there.

is finding what they need that is far more relevant so putting one of your like putting a an seo statement as your right below your main header it doesn't break anything and the little tiny trade-off there in terms of like okay well it's it's ideal for seo if we put it as the the main thing the little tiny trade-off is a better user experience which to me matters far more because believe me a search engine can do just fine figuring out where you're looking

located and what you do if it's the second line instead of the first line. So I'd rather design for the user experience, which is a much more kind of long-term strategy as opposed to like these little SEO tricks. I'm not a huge fan of, I like SEO optimization. I don't like little tricks like that because it kind of assumes the search engine isn't smart enough to figure it out and we're way past that. Okay, that was a great question though. Let me go ahead and just jump back to where we were.

So right here, that visual timeline, so this is our section on kind of the experience itself. Step six, the about me. I really want you to, on your landing page, to humanize your brand. This is gonna be such a big thing, especially as we push forward into more and more AI, more and more automation. I need this to be a personal brand. It needs to be about you. This is one of the things that's gonna hugely differentiate you from other photographers, is that you humanize your brand. So you want a section on the landing page that kind of.

of introduces yourself and has more. It doesn't make sense. This is the template. It says, let's chat. You'll wanna change that to like more about me, right? Where it goes into a page that is about you. So the call to action should be about me if we're gonna have this section on there. So examples of this on the landing page. So a glimpse, this is Askey's, this is meet the photographer and it has like a little get to know me link right there. Examples going back to Tom's. I love this one because it's a visual representation. Things I love, my worst.

fears it's such a great way to learn a lot about Tom to get a feel for his personality before I ever have to like even do any reading I just look at this and I'm like oh that's so cool and then I want to get to know him better right I feel connected to him and and that's what we want we want the viewer to feel connected to you before they ever talk to you all right let's keep going let's see here step 7 your landing page should also have a section for resources in case studies and like I said we could turn this

section of a template into that. So it could say like, you know, we could add a little header here that says resources, or we could say case studies, or we could say, you know, a couple's name in these slots, but we wanna basically provide some examples, something there for them to click and kind of learn more about us. All right, so an example, there's a number of ways to do this. This was from Mott Photographies, this is Tom's. It was a simple section divider that just had a link to resources. One of the other reasons that we want this, this is a powerful and useful SEO.

strategy is that if there's any important pages on your website which these resource pages they are important we need it to be linked from the home page so we want links that go out to those resource pages from the home page okay here's another example so this is using a resource to kind of like section to feature real love stories this comes from timothy irick's page another alumni so real love stories and he features these three look at how similar this is right this could also be experience

This could also be you can use the same section in different ways And that's what I want you to be able to see from these examples Okay Let's go on to step 8. The next thing is make sure you do a responsive design check You're doing this before you ever buy a template as well. Make sure that you test the template You generally have an ability to preview So if I were to open up this Delphine Rose template, you'll see that this is a WordPress template So for WordPress it uses Elementor. There's there's

a few different types of WordPress kind of design methods. One is Elementor, one is Divi. They're just different platforms they use to kind of create the website inside of WordPress, okay? There's not a better or worse, or I mean, pros and cons to each. But anyway, what I want you to check is this live preview. That's why we're here. Check the live preview. I want you to take the window, take this link, put it onto your phone. You can shrink the window down.

I just find shrinking it down to look at responsive design isn't quite the same as like actually looking at it or in your phone. So before you ever buy a theme, before you ever go with a template, just do that quick test to make sure that it's actually responsive. So that's what responsive design is. It's the ability to basically, if I expand, if I shrink this down, so let's say someone's looking at this on an iPad, this is what it might look like. And the menu still is easy to find, uses good principles. If I'm on an iPhone.