When someone comes in, your clarified message, that thing that goes right at the top, it defines exactly what it is that you're selling, kind of who it's for, right? Then you might ask a little bit more questions about them. Okay, so what do we want this, how do you wanna feel inside of this car? Are we driving this around every single day? The website is gonna do the same thing just from a photography perspective. So you would start answering questions that they might be asking, or that questions that you would want to ask of them. Have you thought about this?

when it comes to your wedding photography? Why consider a boudoir experience? All of these questions we want the website to kind of work through just as if it's a salesperson speaking them in that experience. I know this is a bit intangible, kind of theoretical. I'm going to make it concrete. So let's actually go into the website and homepage coach. Okay, I built this section out to give you real concrete examples of what this would look like. By all means this is not like, uh, this is.

not there are a number of ways that you can go about doing this correctly. I just want to give you examples of it. So step one on your website, like if we're talking about your landing page, your homepage to your, your website, right? We have your menu. It needs to be simple, intuitive, easy to modify and follows common UX principles. What this means is that we're trained psychologically to have seen thousands of websites. And so we have certain expectations for users.

experience okay some of those expectations are a logo on the left the menu on the right sometimes the logos in the center the menu surrounding it sometimes the logos in the center of the menus below but in either case when we look at the website we generally expect branding on the left or logo on the menu on the right or these types of common formats that's user experience principles okay it's following things that people are already trained to use I don't like it when your website breaks those those

those things, like it just makes it more difficult for someone to use, it creates friction. So that's the first thing. We need a menu that's simple, intuitive. I'm giving this example, by the way, and it's also linked up in your workbooks. It's the Delphine Rose WordPress template, so if you click it, it'll take you to Creative Market. That specifically is a WordPress template, but it kind of is our template example, okay? Menu must-haves, meaning when you launch your business, all you really need is portfolio, pricing, and a method to contact you, the about page, and you're good to go.

blog, yes, you need pricing, I'm putting a star next to it because this is literally the most clicked page on your website, so we wanna have it, and we want it to say pricing, and then on that page we wanna build value, we'll talk about it, we're gonna build value, show where your prices start, what clients typically spend, and then have a method to contact you right there on that page, ideally, or link to the contact form, okay? So, just look at website, sorry, let's just look at your menu examples first.

So for Tom, Moment Tom, he has logo left, menu right, perfect, all right? We have, this is an example for Stephanie's Boudoir brand that I actually just built, I built a mock-up, I'm gonna show you guys how to do that in a bit. But basically this is a mock-up with a template that does logo center, menu directly below. That's fine too, okay? Here's Tom, MOT Photography, center logo at the top, menus at the left and right. That's okay too.

Easy to follow, right? Here's another one. This is Viviana's Headshot brand. This is logo left, menu right. All of these are good examples. That's it. Very simple on the menu. The next piece that your landing page needs to have is the header or the hero. This is above your fold. Above the fold means it's above a page scroll. So when I land there, I don't need to scroll to be able to see what's going on. We want it above the fold. It's ideal if it includes your clarified message and a call to action.

and my preference is that this is not too vertically tall. This is not a deal breaker, I just personally don't like it. I don't like it when that header image basically takes up the entire page on desktop. I know sometimes as artists we wanna showcase that. If that's a big deal to you, okay, but I would rather them be able to see content below that before they start scrolling. I think it's a better user experience. I think it gets them into the body of the website.

and it leaves them knowing what to do next as opposed to seeing a giant image. Sometimes people don't know that they should continue scrolling or that there's something below that because that's all they see, right? The other thing I don't necessarily like in a header is I don't necessarily like sliders. The reason why, again, is this a deal breaker? No. The reason why, though, is because I do like my clarified message to go right in the middle of this. If you wanna place it below, that's fine. I'm gonna show you examples of that and examples of it done.

Well, but I do like my clarified message right there. When you use a slider, every image that you choose not only has to be good and it has to be the right image, but it also has to work with the text. Oftentimes the image that you choose doesn't work with the text. There's a white area here, a dark area here, and it makes the clarified message difficult to read. So just giving you my thoughts there in terms of keeping it simple. So let's go through some examples, right? So again, going back to Tom's, this is his cinematography brand, Timeless Wedding.

films and photos of your loving moments, he does have a video playing here. Granted, the text is usually pretty easy to read as that video is playing. And for all these alumni examples, please, if you're alumni, I didn't choose yours. It doesn't mean that you didn't qualify. I just didn't want to have so many examples. But you can click on any of the alumni's websites to see that example in practice, okay? The image here, so for Unveiled by 7, this one, I have a link just to her work.

because this is a mock-up that I created, right? But the still is right here and it includes the clarified message and the call to action right there above the fold. I like there being a call to action so that way people that are ready to go, they can reach out to you right there and then, okay? Here's Tom's. So Mott Photography, look at his. His is Ben Wedding Photographer, so he actually has his SEO statement first. Honestly, I prefer the SEO statement second and I'll kind of talk about this, but the clarified message is just below. So he.

does have an image, kind of a slider sequence where it shows images and he just wants to feature those and that's fine. If this is a big thing to you, I'm not gonna fight you on it because it's not a deal breaker, okay? But we do need to make sure that that clarified message is above the fold. Ideally, I like it above the SEO statement and then I like the SEO statement to be right below. So I'd rather that be the second piece. Okay, here's Viviana's again with the single still image, the clarified message and this is how I like it to be.

is the SEO statement to be below the clarified message, okay? All right, the next piece is your website will need kind of a core message section. This goes below the hero. Again, if the vertical image, sorry, if the image for the hero isn't too tall vertically, then this will be above the fold, and that's what I like. I like to be able to see it before I start scrolling, right? But it's a simple SEO-ready message that kind of can either expand your clarified message, maybe.

Maybe it talks about you, it gives some sort of special sauce, it's unique. Maybe it talks about your experience. There's a lot of things that we can put here. I just wrote, it can be an expanding of your clarified message, talk about the experience, what you do for your clients, or it can be about you. These are two solid options, but they're not your only options. But that's the section right below. So examples of this, this was Tom's again. If we scroll down a little bit, it shows a friend with a camera. And he writes a little bit, what drives me is the opportunity to capture loving moments.

there, like a friend who just happens to have a camera. I love that, kind of expands on the clarified message and really talks about what type of experience and how he wants his clients to feel about him as the artist, right? And then his call to action is to reach out. Stephanie's, this was just the template version of it. So it would be an introduction to her as the artist. It probably makes sense to put more about Stephanie as the call to action here, since the section is, hey, I'm Stephanie, let me introduce myself. So more about me would be.

it would make sense as a call to action. Here's Tom's for Mott Photography, right? We scroll down and his is basically kind of another section says Elite Wedding and Family Photography Since 2015, Contact Me Today, has two beautiful images, and he kind of expands a little bit. He says for adventurous hearts, authentic emotions, and unforgettable memories. This is different. It deviates a little bit from what I mentioned, but there's nothing wrong with it. This is okay, right? It's part of, again, if we think of the website being the salesperson, it's the salesperson maybe expanding a little bit on.

a clarified message showing a contact a simple statement. Right. And that totally works. OK here is Viviana's. You scroll down a little bit and this is really expanding the clarified message into kind of what it is that she does for her clients. Are you ready to elevate your personal brand. The most relevant link here called action will be to book your session. Right. Because that kind of ties to exactly what they're there to do. And she speaks a little bit more about that. All of these are great examples.