Okay, we're diving now into step five. This is where we're taking everything that we've done from steps one through four, and we're gonna put it all, design a website that converts, okay? So not only crafting the material, but making sure that the website actually brings our views and converts them into leads. Questions and topics that we're gonna be handling throughout this module. What website platform should I use? What does good website design look like?

How do I design to fit my brand? Going into kind of the V2 filming of this, I've really done a lot in adding a lot of extra examples and guides for you all, just so that you have some inspiration into what these pages should look like. We're gonna talk about your menu must-haves, the pages that are essential for your website. I'm gonna give you examples of those as well. We'll talk about what pages you should eventually build out, how to set up your portfolio, the images to choose, and how to perform a website grunt test. So.

So everything you've done thus far is to make it so that when you hit this moment, you can really just hit the ground running. Like we can take everything you've created and know what we're doing in terms of the website as opposed to spending time here guessing. One more mention of this, I know I'm mentioning this at every module, but this is fast paced. You can rewatch this as much as you like. I do believe that education needs to be short, needs to be simple in order for it to be effective. So please pause, implement, repeat.

Bring your questions between sessions into the mentorship group. Let us know whatever you have. It's a great place also to, like, if you want to do a website review trade, you can post in the mentorship group, hey, does anybody else want to do a website review? And you kind of, like, trade reviews and whatnot. Also a fantastic place to share wins, aha moments. And look, in this process, you're going to have a lot of little wins, like knowing what to put on your website, designing out one page, getting sure this one section of the website.

Tune up all those things are wins. I want you to recognize those I want you to share those wins are not just big or small They're the things that are happening on an everyday basis and I want you to be able to see them That's a huge part of leveling up your confidence in what it is. You're doing and running your business Okay, let's dive into the very first lesson