you need it to be without with it still looking good and still be fitting. So just keep that in mind. But let me give you some examples of what that section might look like on a homepage, right? So if we look here, this one is from Tom's. This gives kind of like this visual timeline of Tom's client experience. So one, scheduled meeting, two, pre-wedding contact, three, the wedding day, four, post-wedding, five, you enjoy, okay? Whatever you, I wouldn't recommend, by the way, more than five steps on this process. But this.

This totally works. Let's just check and see if there's any questions that, okay, clear on this, okay. There is a great question in terms of, Stephanie posted while we were live. She said, in terms of the preference for the clarified message versus the SEO statement, you want your SEO location as your H1. What she means in that, when we look at this, is that the H1 is the first heading on your website versus the second heading on the website. You're not wrong, Stephanie.

standpoint sure that would be technically ideal from an SEO standpoint. Here's the thing is that those rules on H1 versus H2 are a bit dated. OK. All of these search engines are utilizing a lot of AI functionality and a lot of advanced search features. And what they're emphasizing now is readability and basically user experience. They want to make sure the person on your website is is staying there is finding what they need.

that is far more relevant. So putting one of your, like putting an SEO statement as your right below your main header, it doesn't break anything. And the little tiny trade-off there in terms of like, okay, well, it's ideal for SEO if we put it as the main thing, the little tiny trade-off is a better user experience, which to me matters far more. Because believe me, a search engine can do just fine figuring out where you're located and what you do.

if it's the second line instead of the first line. So I'd rather design for the user experience, which is a much more kind of long-term strategy as opposed to like these little SEO tricks. I'm not a huge fan of, I like SEO optimization. I don't like little tricks like that because it kind of assumes the search engine isn't smart enough to figure it out. And we're way past that. Okay, that was a great question though. Let me go ahead and just jump back to where we were. So right here, that visual timeline.

And so this is our section on kind of the experience itself, right? Step six, the about me. I really want you to, on your landing page, to humanize your brand. This is gonna be such a big thing, especially as we push forward into more and more AI, more and more automation. I need this to be a personal brand. It needs to be about you. This is one of the things that's gonna hugely differentiate you from other photographers, is that you humanize your brand. So you want a section on the landing page that kind of introduces yourself

has more, it doesn't make sense. This is the template. It says, let's chat. You'll wanna change that to like more about me, right? Where it goes into a page that is about you. So the call to action should be about me if we're gonna have this section on there. So examples of this on the landing page. So a glimpse, this is Askey's, this is meet the photographer and it has like a little get to know me link right there. Examples going back to Tom's. I love this one because it's a visual representation. Things I love, my worst fears. It's such a great.

way to learn a lot about Tom to get a feel for his personality before I ever have to like even do any reading. I just look at this and I'm like oh that's so cool and then I want to get to know him better right. I feel connected to him and and that's what we want. We want the the viewer to feel connected to you before they ever talk to you. All right let's keep going. Let's see here step seven. Your landing page should also have a section for resources and case studies and like I said we could turn this section of a template into the

that. So it could say like, you know, we could add a little header here that says resources or we could say case studies, or we could say, you know, a couple's name in these slots, but we want to basically provide some examples, something there for them to click and kind of learn more about us. All right. So an example, there's a number of ways to do this. This was from Mott Photographies. This is Tom's. It was a simple section divider that just had a link to resources. One of the other reasons that we want this, is a powerful and useful SEO strategy is that if

there's any important pages on your website, which these resource pages, they are important. We need it to be linked from the homepage. So we want links that go out to those resource pages from the homepage, okay? Here's another example. So this is using a resource to kind of like section to feature real love stories. This comes from Timothy Irick's page, another alumni. So real love stories, and he features these three. Look at how similar this is, right? This could also be experience. This could also be, you can.

Use the same section in different ways. And that's what I want you to be able to see from these examples. Okay. Let's go on to step eight. The next thing is make sure you do a responsive design check. You're doing this before you ever buy a template as well. Make sure that you test the template. You generally have an ability to preview. So if I were to open up this Delphine Rose template, you'll see that this is a WordPress template. So for WordPress, it uses Elementor. There's a few different types of WordPress.

kind of design methods. One is Elementor, one is Divi. They're just different platforms they use to kind of create the website inside of WordPress, okay? There's not a better or worse, or I mean, pros and cons to each. But anyway, what I want you to check is this live preview. That's why we're here. Check the live preview. I want you to take the window, take this link, put it onto your phone. You can shrink the window down. I just find.

Shrinking it down to look at responsive design isn't quite the same as like actually looking at it in your phone. So before you ever buy a theme, before you ever go with a template, just do that quick test to make sure that it's actually responsive. So that's what responsive design is. It's the ability to basically, if I expand, if I shrink this down, so let's say someone's looking at this on an iPad, this is what it might look like. And the menu still is easy to find, uses good principles. If I'm on an iPhone, then it might look like this, or on any mobile.

device, right? That's responsive design. Depending on the size of the window, the the design will essentially change automatically to look decent regardless of where they're coming in from, okay? So just make sure you test it on desktop and also on mobile and you'll be good to go. Also make sure when we get to the place and you're actually adding your own features in, you'll want to test it then too because sometimes the things that you add can potentially break it. Now I made a little mistake here. This is one slide that I forgot to update.

So I have a checklist and what I'll do is I'll update the checklist. So in your workbook, you'll see the complete checklist It'll have every step that we kind of mentioned in a little guide on there to kind of work through So when choosing that theme or design you want to make sure it fits basically each item on this checklist Okay, and remember once the website is done All right If your website design is good The whole purpose here is to get your brand to a place where people respect it We we talked about

this in a lecture conversation that we did just a bit earlier where what does it mean to have brand respect? Well it's a spectrum, okay, but essentially the idea is when someone sees our brand they see us as professional, they see us as established. It doesn't look like a fly-by-night business. We don't look like the taco stand on the corner that's there sometimes and that's not there other times. We look like an established business that's there to stay, that there's intention behind what we've created. Now, your first website...

is by no means gonna be your last. Once we have a brand worth respecting, then we have this sliding scale, like, well, how far do we wanna keep improving it? How far do we wanna make it better? And what I say is, make those improvements over time. But once your website design is good, once your brand is there, it meets the basic criteria, it's good, it's worth respecting, we look legitimate, then that's no longer your biggest bottleneck. That's no longer your.

or biggest constraint that's holding you back. So I want you to move towards other areas of the business that are gonna move the needle rather than try to make little tiny improvements. So essentially what I'm saying is get your website to 80%, to 90%. Because going from 80% to 100%, going from zero to 80% you can do in maybe two to four weeks, okay? Zero to 80%. Going from 80% to 100% might take you six months. And the improvement.

you're gonna see with the amount of time that goes into it is just not that dramatic compared to getting it to 80% and then working on actual, well, let's generate more leads now, let's go to the marketing side. So that's the advice and thoughts that I would give you. Again, the entire point of this section was so that you understand good website design, what should go into the website, what it means for your website to sell on its own and to give you examples of that. Don't worry, we're gonna continue, I'm gonna give you concrete guidance as we go through the rest of.

of these lessons. All right, let's jump to it now.