Okay, big question, what exactly is good website design? There's kind of two things that I want this lesson to really cover. Number one, I wanna help you to choose the right template, the right theme, right off the bat. So that's kind of the first and biggest thing. And I also want you to know what goes inside of it, okay? So choosing the right theme is the first step that we're here to cover, and then understanding what's gonna go into your website is gonna be the second step.

Before we get to this, I wanna do a little bit of a setup. So I need you to understand that depending on the study, these results can be a little bit all over the place. But in general, a person's gonna spend less than 45 seconds on your website. Honestly, depending on where they're coming from, the truth is really more like it's gonna be between 10 to 20 seconds. That's how much time they're gonna spend there. And the realization here that I need you to have is that you've got 10 to 20 seconds to basically make sure.

that the imagery that you showcase resonates with them, that the design itself resonates with your audience, that you communicate your clarified message, that you help build credibility, that you provide relevant information, and that you have a call to action to show them what's next. All of these things have to be accomplished within a very short period of time because people don't have the attention span to sit there and try to sift through a website that's difficult to understand, okay? Now, before you say this, because I've heard this so many.

times and it's a it's an insane thought to me I hear but Pi nobody looks at websites anymore do I really need a website like shouldn't I just be doing this all on social media look you can build a brand on social media okay I've seen plenty of photographers do it but unless you start reaching millions of people following right you simply can't command kind of price respect like you and and you don't have a

place that's a permanent home for basically your network, for your clients to be able to visit, for people to organically find you. So building a business purely on social media is an absolute grind, number one. Number two, it doesn't really look professional to be taking bookings directly from there. Number three, it's gonna really limit the amount that you can charge because it doesn't look like a luxury brand at that point. It kind of looks, it doesn't look fully established, right? Number four.

you're gonna live and die by these platforms. So if something changes on those platforms, you're screwed, your audience, it's not yours, you're renting it, right? The other big thing here that I want you to recognize is when was the last time you made a high ticket, a luxury purchase, without actually doing a bit of research? Without actually saying, okay, you might have found them on social media, but before you spend money, you take a look at their website.

Before you actually go further, you see what they're posting on Facebook. Oh, they have something on YouTube, you check that out too. We all do a bit of research into the things that we spend money on, especially when that's a good amount of money. Your website is one of the best places for this. Most consumers, they might find you on social media, but they're going to look at your website. And so yes, it is still important. Plus, when we build our marketing strategy, it's gonna be a top-down strategy that begins with the website. Because search from.

search engines and from AI search is still a very relevant and useful thing. And we can't take advantage of that without actually having the website. So I hope this kind of answers the question. Like, do you need one? Yes, you need to have a well-designed website. This is going to be important. And I don't know that this is ever going to change, uh, until there's a better thing than basically a website to represent your company. I don't know what that thing would be. So the, the entire point of all of this understanding that someone's going to be on your site for such a short period.

at understanding that they're gonna do some research before they make the purchases is for you to know that every word and every pixel on your website, it matters, okay? And what doesn't add to your overall experience, it takes from it. That's a really important concept. If it doesn't add to your experience, it takes from it. Meaning there's no such thing as neutral. We think, oh, if I put this thing up there and someone doesn't really care about it, not a big deal. They'll just keep scrolling to the next thing.

No, if it doesn't add, it literally is taking away. It's pushing people away even, okay? And that's one of the things I say to people right now before people come into like a coaching program like this, I literally tell them, right now you have images, you have content, you have words, you have copy, you have things on your website that are literally pushing people away from you. So the idea, what doesn't add, takes. All right, your website's responsibility, I want you to think of it as kind of the very first.

first salesperson okay that your clients are going to meet so and when we say website I'm kind of saying like not just your website but like your online presence but what we're here to do is specifically your website but from your Instagram page to like the way that you link out to your website to them landing on your website all of this is basically the first salesperson that your clients going to meet right so we wanted to cover that we want each section which is roughly each page scroll to basically have a link that goes to the most relevant call to action

We also want each section of the website to basically become a guide, kind of like the same way a salesperson would. Like the first thing that a salesperson might say if you were to come in to, let's say, buy a car for me. The first thing that I might say is, well, what type of car would you be looking for? Like, what do we want to do with this car, right? This is where we're really identifying who we're talking to. What is the audience? Now, that is what your clarified message does. When someone comes in...

and your clarified message, that thing that goes right at the top, it defines exactly what it is that you're selling, kind of who it's for, right? Then you might ask a little bit more questions about them. Okay, so what do we want this, how do you wanna feel inside of this car? Are we driving this around every single day? The website is gonna do the same thing just from a photography perspective. So you would start answering questions that they might be asking, or that questions that you would want to ask of them. Have you thought about this when it comes to your wedding photography?

Why consider a boudoir experience? All of these questions we want the website to kind of work through just as if it's a salesperson speaking to them in that experience. I know this is a bit intangible, kind of theoretical. I'm going to make it concrete. So let's actually go into the website and homepage coach. I built this section out to give you real concrete examples of what this would look like. By all means, this is not like, this is not, there are a number of ways.

that you can go about doing this correctly. I just wanna give you examples of it. So step one on your website, like if we're talking about your landing page, your homepage to your website, right? We have your menu, it needs to be simple, intuitive, easy to modify and follows common UX principles. What this means is that we're trained psychologically to have seen thousands of websites and so we have certain expectations for user experience, okay?

Some of those expectations are a logo on the left, the menu on the right. Sometimes the logo's in the center, the menu's surrounding it. Sometimes the logo's in the center, the menu's below. But in either case, when we look at the website, we generally expect branding on the left, or logo on the menu on the right, or these types of common formats. That's user experience principles, okay? It's following things that people are already trained to use. I don't like it when your website breaks those things. It just makes it.

more difficult for someone to use. It creates friction. So that's the first thing. We need a menu that's simple, intuitive. I'm giving this example, by the way, and it's also linked up in your workbooks. It's the Delphine Rose WordPress template. So if you click it, it'll take you to Creative Market. That specifically is a WordPress template, but it kind of is our template example, okay? Menu must-haves, meaning when you launch your business, all you really need is portfolio, pricing, and a method to contact you, the about page, the blog. Yes.

you need pricing, I'm putting a star next to it because this is literally the most clicked page on your website, so we wanna have it and we want it to say pricing. And then on that page, we wanna build value, we'll talk about it. We're gonna build value, show where your prices start, what clients typically spend, and then have a method to contact you right there on that page, ideally, or link to the contact form, okay? So just look at website, sorry, let's just look at your menu examples first. So for Tom.

Momentum, he has logo left, menu right, perfect, all right. We have, this is an example for Stephanie's Boudoir brand that I actually just built. I built a mock-up. I'm gonna show you guys how to do that in a bit. But basically this is a mock-up with a template that does logo center, menu directly below. That's fine too, okay. Here's Tom, MOT Photography, center logo at the top, menus at the left and right. That's okay too, easy to follow, right?