Let's briefly talk colors, typeface and logos. I just wanna give you all a few ideas as you kind of move forward to choosing the right design. You kind of have a sense of what each of these things kind of mean and the kind of feeling they create, okay? From colors, from the typeface, from all of it. So let's start with just brand colors. My big thing here is to keep things simple, okay? Especially when your imagery is bold. I mean, even when your imagery is not bold. I like minimal design. And the concept behind this is, when have you ever walked into a museum and seen artwork featured on anything

but kind of a plain wall. It's either a plain white wall, a plain gray wall, a plain black wall. The background of something is always gonna be simple because they want the eyes to be focused on the actual work, the actual artwork, right? And it's the exact same thing with your website. The busier your website is, the more colors, the more bold the backgrounds, all of it, the more it's gonna pull away from the images. So in general, I like minimal design. I like just simple, clean, subtle background colors. If not, just you don't have a background color at all, just white, white always works for that.

reason okay. It's gonna allow us to focus on the imagery and that's what we want. Even more the case when your imagery is bold because if your imagery is bold and you have colors going on in the background and things happening then it becomes just way over the top. So look subtle background colors those are my preference. If you do want to use some bolder colors here and there it's it's used as like like use them as accent colors as areas where you want people's like a call to action like like something there that you want them to look at basically. Okay I've harped on that one enough from a standpoint of like well what is color psychology and how this ties to your brand?

you're thinking about creating a brand and you really want to tie the colors over to this feeling that you want to create this little guide will give you an idea of kind of what these general common colors creates in terms of an emotional response so I wouldn't say these are by any means like like it's not that you're always gonna feel this way it's just like these are common colors used and these are the common associations with them so on a newborn type website you might frequently see a little bit of pink a little bit of peaches like these kind of colors that feel feminine they feel calm warm

warm and caring, but you probably, it probably wouldn't make sense to be on a newborn site and see a bunch of reds, right? But we could imagine reds maybe on like a boudoir site as a call to action or something there that feels bold and passionate. We could imagine purples being used on a wedding or even on a boudoir site. Anything if we wanted to feel sophisticated and luxurious, those would work well, right? If we want like a senior portrait brand that feels friendly and confident, maybe we want our accent color to be orange, maybe it's yellow. This is a way to kind of tie a bit of color psychology a little bit deeper into the brand that you're creating. But again, remembering that really wanna keep things minimal.

Okay, so that way the imagery speaks for itself. Moving on to your brand typography. One of the big things that I say is please, when you get a template, when you get a theme, when you choose what website you wanna use, whatever platform it is, you're gonna find the thing that looks great as is, do not heavily modify the typography on the page, okay? It's just not recommended because chances are you're gonna mess it up. And typography is a huge element that dictates the refinement, the quality of a brand's design. When you get those themes pre-designed, the designer themselves, they understand typography to the point where they know what to choose, they know the space.

They know all that stuff. I'll tell you this, in my experience, I've only seen one photographer's website turn out good when they chose their own font. It was my friend Tim, actually. He's another alumni in the program, and I'll pull up, let's see, that's not it. Let me just pull up his, Tim Iric Photography. Okay, and he spent weeks, I remember he found the perfect theme, and he's like, but the font is not right. He spent weeks looking for the perfect font, and he finally found it, and I'm like, you know what, dude, this actually looks really great. He's the only person who has got that, like, has the design eye to basically create this.

Even that I would probably say there's a little bit of room for improvement like the spacing between the heading here and the the typography Is a little bit tight, but it actually still looks good. It's readable and whatnot This is the only example that though nine out of ten times when someone modifies the typography on their theme or their design It looks so much worse. So that's my recommendation there if you're gonna dive into it It's gonna take you a lot of time to figure out the right one and even then there's there's risk to it Okay. So what about the actual fonts themselves? What do they convey like if if colors can convey emotions or thoughts? What about fonts especially for like say a logo, right?

but also for the rest of your site. Well, serif fonts, these are fonts that have these little edge markings on them. That's a serif, right? So serif fonts, they tend to be or feel more traditional. They're often used to kind of like create a bit of trust. They're respectful, like kind of formal feeling. Whereas a sans serif font, that means like they don't have those little edge markings. So sans is without and without serifs, right? These fonts are often more modern, more sophisticated. They feel minimal, straightforward, easy to read. So that's kind of a little bit of the feel that comes with them. Then you have say.

script fonts these are like signature cursive type fonts which are nice if we want to use them in a very sparing way like in a logo that's fine in a logo it's elegant it's fancy it's creative on a website we want to make sure that their usage is very sparing and that we're not relying on people being able to read them well because these are really difficult to read and so it can really dramatically impact usability if we have a lot of headers that are in difficult to read script fonts we want to kind of avoid that but that's the general kind of feeling that's created so as you go about creating your logo think about you know what type of logo what type of feel do I want to create is it more minimal is it more

Is it more traditional? Is it, and you'd choose a font accordingly. Now, I wanna specifically talk about logo design for just one moment. So let's go ahead and pull up 99designs. If you wanna just pay and have this done, my favorite thing to do is anytime we're designing a new company or business, I'll often just be like, you know what, this go around, I just want someone to design it for me. I'll go to 99designs. You're gonna select logo design. And for the package, choose bronze or silver, okay? Don't go wasting money on these like gold is recommended. You're gonna get 90designs. Honestly, we've gotten great designs from just the bronze level. You're gonna get even better designs. The max I would go, by the way, is silver. You'll get even better designs by just your.

your, like the way that you describe the brand. That's why you did all that work in steps one through four so you can actually say what it is you're trying to convey. Ideally give them also a little sample of what website it's gonna go on to that'll help them even further to design the right logo for you, okay? But this is the way I would go about it if I'm doing, you know, if I just wanna have someone else get it done for me. Do not fall into like they're getting their brand guides and all the other stuff. It's just not necessary. You can create those on your own. I'm gonna show you how to do that. I'm also gonna show you if you wanted to basically just DIY your logo, I'll show you how to do that. So there's two ways to do this.

One is with Canva, so first, you're gonna go to Canva and just go to the homepage basically and I want you to type in, you could type logo kit or logo template, okay? And what this is gonna do is it's gonna bring up brand kits so this is why I say don't have someone create your brand kit and your logo kit because all you're gonna do is go to Canva and get ideas. You're like, oh, I like this logo. Oh, Porcelain Studio, that looks fantastic. I'm just gonna put, you know, White Rose Studio. Don't use White Rose because that's actually a friend's business. But you might put whatever it is right there and there you go. Then there's more like this, right? Aaron Martinez, oh, I can just take my name and replace it there. Oh, I can just do this. So this is a really easy way to design.

on your logo and to have your brand kit. So brand kit, right? With brand kit, you're gonna search and this is gonna give you essentially the brand guidelines. This is where you choose your colors, all of that. Very easy to do this kind of on your own because you've got all these designers that have created beautiful templates for you. You basically choose essentially what resonates with your brand. You can also go to creative market. Let's just see creative market. I don't know why it doesn't pull up the actual websites when I type in part of it. And you can type in logo kit, okay? And then you get a ton of different logo kits.