it's brand guides and things like that here as well. Logo kit, or if you just put logo template, I think that would work too. Yeah, there we go. And you can see a bunch of different types of minimal logo kits, and they'll have a bunch of different logos. So when you see this, you'll get a ton of modifiable, like all of these are basically modifiable logo sets. So you find one that's like, oh, there's one of these that I really like that I could use for my brand, and you would just run with that. You get it done for 29 bucks, 39 bucks, whatever it might be. So easy, easy ways of kind of creating your own logo, doing your own designs, creating your own little brand kit. I would recommend creating a brand kit. One of the things with that is.

rather than try to create that before, like you have your website, is I would honestly choose my website first, so that way the colors are kind of dictated by the website. So a big part of the brand kit is like colors and typography. I would choose the website template, the website theme, and then just simply pull the colors into my brand kit, pull the typography into my brand kit, and then I have that ready, and then I just design a logo that would fit for it. So I would really go from that standpoint versus trying to go the other way and then trying to fit the colors on the website. I want you guys to think of this in the most efficient and just time-saving way possible, and that's the way.

that I would do it. A couple quick reminders when it comes to the logo itself. Don't overthink it. There are a lot of right logo answers. There's also a lot of bad logos, but there's a lot of good ways that you can go about this. But it's just some simple rules. We want a logo that's simple and clear, okay? Easy to read, easy to understand, easy to recognize. We want it to also look refined. And looking refined doesn't mean that it has to look like a particular brand. Like it doesn't have to look like Gucci or like Hermes. It means that it looks like it's kind of polished. And any of those templates that I showed you, those all look polished. They all look good. What we don't want is like you just writing your name. You know, you just like typing.

in your name out or it just looks too basic, right? It doesn't look like a legitimate logo. We also don't want a bad looking logo either. Wanna make sure it fits the website and brand. Again, design all of this, put this together once you have the website and the theme kind of picked out. And I'm gonna give you methods of doing that. So I'm literally gonna give you a guide to how I would do that process as well. We want it to fit the website, the brand. We want it to work well when it's small or large. One of the mistakes that I often see is that people choose complicated logos, which might look nice when they're big, but when they get shrunk down, they look really busy and they're difficult to read. So we want it to work well in different sizes. Okay, I gave you some of my favorite design resources for this. Canva, Creative Marketing.

MarketNyanaDesigns, there's the links to all of them. Most of the time now, I'm honestly just going to Canva, grabbing a template, creating something. I save all of these things, like I don't do any, I think I've mentioned this before, we kind of set that quarter million dollar number for us, like a business needs to be generating for us at least $250,000 of revenue before we're willing to like put money into design and aesthetics and things that make a minor difference. We want things to be good, but using templates, using all these different kits and resources, we can get something looking professional and get to the actual meat of the business before we have to spend major money on anything. And why not do that first?

allow the business to prove itself, to start making good money and then start working on those little things, those little improvements over time. So this is the way that I would approach the entire process and hope this was helpful. Let's go on the next lesson.