Okay, menu must-haves and options. Let's do it. So we already covered kind of those must-haves. I'm gonna go quickly over this because we mentioned it at the very beginning of that kind of design guide. So the must-haves, keeping it simple, these are like when you launch, portfolio, pricing, contact, about, blog, okay? The additional options, this is like depending on the experience that you want to create, depending on like what you want to include. I'm gonna give you ideas here. The very first thing that

I would like for you to add is resources. I want there to be a resources page where this is where all your articles, your valuable content, where we kind of do our top-down marketing design, this is where those things are gonna go, right? The things that we can potentially turn into lead magnets, the things that we can build into our user experience, all of that is gonna go into resources. So this is probably the most critical one that really I want every one of you to put on your website. But some of you might have services on your menu as well, where like you're showing.

and other related services, right? It's not the main thing that you do, but it's something that you also have. Now, what I would recommend is you don't put, don't do like full listings with like all the details there. Don't make this overly complicated. Don't include genres of photography that are really outside of your bread and butter. So like, if you do children's portraits, in your service should probably not be a link to your boudoir work because.

those two things are very disconnected. But if you do children's portraits and that's your main thing and in the services menu it showed families, that would be fine. We just don't want to have two things that are completely disconnected there. But if you want to include those other services and some people go yeah I want to have a menu option because it's not the thing that I promote but I want to have something that people can click on if those are things that they're interested in or more likely than not when I talk to them so that I can have something for them to look at that would go into like a services menu.

Another thing you can do is actually build things like venues. If you're like wedding and event related, you can create really great relationships with people to build venues or vendors. And this doesn't have to be wedding and event only, right? If you have other partners, collaborative partners that makes sense to include, we can include vendors as well. And I'm gonna give you an example of each of these. So if we go over to Lynn and Jersa's page, okay, right at the top, you'll notice that there's wedding venues. And so we basically, from an SEO standpoint, we've kind of covered.

the venues that we want to be working at and each time we feature a new wedding venue, we actually reach out to them to say, Hey, we just included you on our vendor resources, right? Under here, you'll see our favorite vendors under client, uh, under resource as a section. So again, it's a, it's a great space for you to be able to mention collaborative partners and to be able to then reach out to them and say, Hey, I featured you. Uh, why don't we, you know, chat about how we can work together further, which we'll talk about more as we get into like kind of the marketing.

strategy. So those are a really fantastic item for for menus. Another element that's really great for your menu is testimonials. A specific page that just showcases client reviews, it could be videos, it can be all of that okay. And yeah W&E just stands for wedding and event meaning like these are more wedding and event focused whereas all these others could be everything. I do feel like like partners and not maybe not vendors. Vendors is a very wedding specific term but if you're not a wedding photographer.

Like let's say you maybe you're a pet portrait photographer, right? And so you might put partners up in a menu item where like you have your favorite groomers where you have You know people that that you frequently work with that you want to build again My favorite way of doing this is you put the people into there that you want to be working with you Don't necessarily have a relationship with them yet, right? But you know, they do good work You know It's a brand that you want to align yourself with so you feature them in this section of your website Then you send an email to them

And you're like, hey, I just featured you in my menu. You're one of my favorite vendors that offers this. I would love to be able to collaborate with you. And you use that as a window to kind of connect with them. It works incredibly well. All right, let's jump to the next lesson.