All right, perfect portfolio design. Let's get right into this. So here's what I want, is before you choose a website design, before we actually lock in the theme and go and buy it, what I'd like for you to do is actually put the portfolio together first, because the images in your portfolio, it needs to actually fit with the design, with the template that you end up choosing. Right, so I wanna give you the rules for that first, so you can put this together, and then we can make sure, and I'm gonna show you how to do like kind of a mock-up in a second, or in a bit of like putting those images into the actual design to make sure it fits, right? So the first thing I'll say here is less is more, less is more.

period, less is more, less is more. All right, so if you have to ask the question of whether an image fits with your brand and your clarified message, honestly, the answer is no. Just kick it out. Like if you have to ask for someone's feedback. Now, there is a place to ask for feedback on your portfolio, and we'll get there. But in general, if you ever question it, that already is your answer. I think the most powerful way that I can show you this concept is to simply show you a really shitty set of photos. We're gonna start with, this is my very first engagement shoot. My very first two engagement shoots, okay? 17.

something years ago, I don't know how long, this was a while ago, and you can see how awful it was. You can see that it's not only filled with underexposed images and tons of Dutch angle and tilted images and sepia tones, and basically just know this, oh my God. I had them stare through like these binoculars at each other's eyeballs. I can't tell you, I've looked at this and I've shown this in so many lectures and it still bothers me. Anyway, whatever images that I shot, I guarantee if it came out somewhat decent in the camera, I ruined it in the edit, okay? And these were the terrible photos that I ended up with.

This is the second session that I did with my partner. By the way, neither of these people paid. This was my business partner, Justin. This was a client that we shot for free that we ended up shooting their wedding with and getting paid for. But yeah, there was some decent photos in here. Most of them were trash, but then I kind of ruined everything in the edits. I think all of you would agree this is a really shitty example of work. In fact, I can guarantee that every single one of you are taking better images than these. Even if you just picked up your camera, they're probably better than this, okay? I know you agree with me. You don't need to rub it in or whatever. But here's what I do want to do. I'm going to take this Shatt Tassel.

set of photos, and what we're gonna do is I'm gonna narrow it down to four. So within those, I don't know, 60-80 images was these four photographs. And what if this was all you saw from my work? Suddenly kind of your impression of my work changes, right? You're like, that's a really nice expression, that's really cute, oh this looks nice, oh that's so cute. And I didn't change the editing, I didn't change anything, this is still the bad editing style, they're not cohesive. But suddenly the impression of the work got dramatically better, didn't it? Even with the terrible set of photographs

that we had there. The point of this is for you to recognize that even when we're looking at a really bad body of work, less is always more. That simply what you choose to show can very much dictate what the perceived quality of your work is. I will say this though, in the idea of showing your work and creating the best perception possible, please make sure that whatever it is that you show, they are things that you can actually replicate, okay? I don't care if you use portfolio images in your, not portfolio, you know those like portfolio shoots where people pay to go on these portfolio shoots to add things.

to their imagery. I don't care if people wanna put those in their actual website and their portfolio, but I do care when they can't reproduce that work. And it's not like I'm gonna mind my own business. It's not like I'm stepping in because, oh, you're ripping people off, although I think they are. It's more so I care because they're ruining their own chances of running a successful business. If you put things in your portfolio that you can't recreate, you create a perception of work that you won't deliver on. And while you might get some clients right now, you're gonna tank your business within six months because you won't be able to deliver what you're showing, and then you're gonna get bad reviews. So that's the main thing there is I want you to see how less is more.

I also want you to showcase things that you can easily reproduce, all right? And to understand that if it's not helping, then it's taking away, okay? So again, most photographers have images in their portfolio that are actually pushing the ideal clients away. We want to make sure that that is not the case. All right, so this is your high converting portfolio designer. This is your little checklist that I'm going to give you. So potential clients, they're very likely only going to look at 10 to maybe 20 images of your portfolio, which means that we don't need that many. Go for 20 images if you really want to add more fine, but every image has to be better than the last one.

I want you to make sure that you are following this guide. So select images that match your clarified message. If you're doing boudoir for women over 40, I don't know, whatever type of boudoir you're doing, make sure that whatever your clarified message is, every image you showcase matches it. If you're doing children's portraits, don't go throwing concert images into it. Don't go throwing senior portraits into it. You're like, oh, it's kind of still children's portraits. No, if you're doing fine art children's portraits, showcase fine art children's portraits, nothing else. So it has to match the clarified message. It needs to resonate with your dream client avatar, which is why we created those first. It needs to elicit an emotional response from the viewer. It needs to be as good. So every image.

Think of every image of being as good or better than the last image. And it needs to represent work that you can easily, confidently recreate, okay? Cull images out that don't represent your current quality, that are questionable on any level, and that don't elicit an emotional response. Now, when you've done this, I want you to pause. When you've done this, you've met the checklist, you've got the 20 images, that's the great time and place to say, hey, I've followed the checklist, this is my clarified message, these are the images that I think would be great. Post those images into the group, into the mentorship group, and say, what do you think? What are your thoughts on that?

Okay, so that's the little kind of thought and tip there. All right, done with this lesson. Let's hit the next.