How to choose your website template. Now we're at the point where I want you to actually make the selection, right? Again, we're not gonna reinvent the wheel here. My two favorite places for getting design themes, for website design themes and for templates is Creative Market and Theme Forest. And really, Creative Market is by far my favorite because they do a really good job of culling and taking out bad styles, essentially, or not really showcasing them. So what you would do is go to Creative Market and you would type in something like, if you decide I'm gonna use WordPress, you'd type in WordPress, you'd type in photography and theme, okay? And then it's gonna bring up.

press photography theme. So here's the Delphine one that we've been using as an example throughout this. There's plenty of different ones that you can look through. If you're using ShowIt, you would type in ShowIt photography theme and it's gonna bring up ShowIt based websites. Obviously each of these platforms too, they have their own marketplaces as well. So ShowIt would have its own marketplace in addition to, you know, what you can get on Creative Market too. But that's the the gist of it. Now before you actually go selecting though, I have an exercise that that I think is very very useful. So let's actually pick one of these and maybe we'll use this one just as our example. I'm gonna click the live preview so it pulls up and here's what we have. Okay let's go back to the slides for a while.

one second. So again, my reminder here is that the perfect platform doesn't exist. So you're gonna get frustrated. The reason why I say this is because oftentimes people get frustrated and they think that because of their frustration, they chose the wrong platform. Honestly, it's usually not the case. It's just that this process kind of sucks. Like designing a website, dealing with these different builders, it's just really annoying. So the number one thing is making sure that your design, your theme, it really fits the type of brand that you're actually trying to create, right? So when I'm looking at a designer theme like this, that's really more business coaching, that is what it fits. So maybe, I'm not a business coach, we're all photographers here, but maybe I'm

trying to approach corporate clients, right? Then this would make a lot of sense still as a photography theme because we can change all the actual messaging in here to be what we want. This already has like a good aesthetic if we're looking to maybe work with brands. Like maybe we're a photographer for personal brands. Maybe we're a photographer for business coaches. This would make complete sense, right? So that's the idea here is that number one, we're choosing a design theme that fits the brand and then making sure that all these other things are in place. Now, here's the actual website mock-up coach that kind of, I want you guys, you're gonna be your own coach, but I'm gonna show you how to do it, okay? So what I.

did with Stephanie's to kind of show you, we're doing an example of what it means to elevate a brand and I created this mock-up. I wanna show you exactly how to do that right now because this is the step that I want each of you to do before you land on one of these themes, okay? And maybe we'll choose something that's not so, because I think the number of us here that might be doing like corporate stuff is probably pretty small. So let's maybe choose something else. Some of the show at templates are actually pretty expensive. Okay, this is a thousand bucks for the personal versus commercial. Let's choose a different one. Let's go with, oh, this one looks, okay, Fern and Fig. All right, interior design.

Interesting, let's try to find what that is. Show it, photography, I think they call it a template. So let's see if I type template, I might get a better response, there we go. Light and airy, this would be a good one, 210 bucks. Let's go live preview. So what I'm gonna have you do is go to the homepage of the site and go ahead and take a screenshot, okay? On Mac, it's Alt Shift 4 or, yeah, I don't think it's the same shortcut on Windows, but that's a shortcut on Mac to basically take a screenshot. I'm gonna grab the entire screen. And what I'm gonna do is go back to Canva and you can use any document.

I'm just gonna use the one that we had open for one of those lessons. And we're gonna go ahead and clear this page out. Wait, what did I just do? Delete, there we go, okay. So let's delete everything on this page, perfect. And what I'm gonna do is actually drop in, mother tutter. We're gonna drop in that screenshot that we just took. So let me grab it. One thing I don't like about Max is when you screenshot them if you click it or do something weird, it like disappears. So let's do that one more time. I'm gonna drag it right in, perfect.

Okay, so we just put it in and what I'm gonna ask you to do is to take that portfolio You're gonna upload it right here So you have the images available and then you're gonna just drag and drop them in and kind of resize your images This is a really quick process, right? but what I want you to see is this entire style and design is Really like like it's meant for images that are super light and super airy So what I want you to recognize is if I drop in images like this it may or may not work So I'm just gonna put this image right here Okay, let's do that. I'm gonna put this image right here

We'll do that. And then I put this image right here. Oh, let's shrink it this way. There we go. And do that, okay? And honestly, I kind of feel like this isn't too bad. Like as I'm doing this, and this is why I'm saying like white kind of works with everything. So this kind of follows those rules where it's like, yeah, I think white could look pretty good with that, especially if we keep replacing these. If I keep replacing with that same style, then you go, okay, my images look good in this. I create the right impression for the work. We're good to go. Let's keep moving forward with this.

Right, that's the concept and the idea that I want you guys to kind of walk away with here. And you'll notice that if I take the same design, did I, I thought I screenshotted the whole thing, but maybe, there we go. Let me just expand it a little bit on this side. All right, let's move it over a little bit. Okay, if I take those images down here that were maybe a little more light and airy, you'll notice that immediately it actually fits quite a bit better, right? So we take like this, and this is by no means the exact images. If I'm doing a family brand, it's not like these are my best family images. This is just an example of making sure stylistically.

that these fit with what you're trying to do. Okay. Now look at that. That actually fits really beautifully, doesn't it? Not the cropped off image that doesn't show what I wanted to show. Okay, perfect. Do you see how now it fits that much better? The light type of font, the light type of style, the script every now and then, the airy spacing, all that works really really well and this is what I want you to do before you end up buying and making a final choice here is make sure that the images you're creating actually.

fit okay and and and you'll get a lot of confidence knowing that hey I'm making a good decision there so that's kind of the the place where once the images are there you're gonna pick your favorite theme or maybe it's a few themes maybe you're considering two or three of them right you're gonna do this same exercise take a screenshot drop it into Canva put some of your images into it and make sure it looks good again we want to make sure that the basic functionality is there we know that the perfect design theme doesn't exist but when choosing between a few good choices this will often help you narrow it down really quick it's just to see your images in those

themes and then to understand this if you land at two or more themes your images are in there it looks great on this one it looks great on this one I don't know which one to pick by all means if you want you can pause you can jump into the group and ask for everybody's feedback but I want you to recognize that at that point it's not a make-or-break decision okay at the point where you have a good-looking website at the point where you know either of these things can work it's no longer a make-or-break decision it's kind of like you can't go wrong with either so maybe at that point you look at some other things like which one of these might be easier to modify which one of the these has more peripheral pages like

other pages and other templates that I think would be helpful, because it's not a make or break. But this will really help a lot in leveling up your confidence and knowing that this is the right direction to go. Okay. All right, friends, let's go ahead and end this one and jump to the next lesson.