Let's start with writing the perfect title. Everything is honestly gonna be driven by the title. So what we wanna do is start with that. The place you're gonna go is under your workbook, right? This 05 SEO section. We have these niche SEO keywords. So previously I just had you basically look for keyword phrases that people might be searching. We can find tons of these, so please don't stress, but hopefully you have a few ideas already going here. What we wanna do is start taking these niche keyword phrases and turning them into actual titles. So that's where we're gonna begin first. I love starting with a title because if you develop a.

strong title, it very much guides the actual content itself. So we wanna start with the title itself, and then we're gonna basically support that title through the material. So think of it this way. We want a title or the headline to one of these resource pages to an article, right? We want it to be clickable. We want it to give a promise. We want it to be engaging. What we don't wanna do is create clickbait. And really what clickbait is is a headline, a title that doesn't deliver on its promise. So really, as long as my headline or my title, as long as I deliver on what I say it is,

It doesn't, it's not clickbait. If it's engaging and I deliver on it, it's not clickbait. When it's engaging and it does not deliver, then we've kind of missed the mark. Then we've created something that is clickbait. Now, someone mentioned basically resources versus blog, and we've talked about this back a little bit in step six. My preference, this is not a deal breaker either way, but if we're say looking at the structure of a website, if we looked at the Linenjursa website structure, my preference is that if you're gonna have a blog, that basically your blog just be a journal for, it's just a journal for ongoing client.

shoots okay so if I go to the new blog or the old blog okay all this is is a journal of our different shoots and and this is useful in a number of different ways we're not going to jump back into that so both these blogs are the exact same okay that's all it is now if I were to look at the resources these are a separate page basically where we have resources for clients we have FAQs we have favorite vendors wedding timelines we have been wedding venues under another menu option so resources I like to create those as separate pages so for example if we're looking at client resources and we look at Suns sunrise

versus sunset photography, which is best, right? They're housed underneath this little structure where it's just a page on your website and hopefully you can see the, let me bring this down a little bit so you can see the URL, okay? So as you can see, the URL is just linearjurisdent.com and then the name of the article with dashes. This is not a deal breaker, but we generally want these resource pages to be a little bit closer to the homepage in terms of organization, if possible. Okay, so linearjurisdent.com forward slash. If we put it under the blog, what we end up with is it'll say linearjurisdent.com forward slash blog forward slash.

whatever the name of that resource or that page is. So I like keeping it clean and separating it that way. It's not a huge deal if you don't wanna do it that way or if you haven't organized it that way already. Don't make this an issue. It's not gonna have nearly the same kind of impact as it would have previously, okay? So let's go back to this idea of the title. The two-step title formula that I like to use is basically just the niche keyword and a specific promise of value, right? So we already have that niche keyword in mind. Let's say the example might be, how do I choose the right wedding photographer? This is actually like a keyword.

phrase and a good sample title because it kind of all goes together right but destination wedding tips might be what somebody types in and we might add to that and say 10 critical destination wedding photography tips or we might say 10 critical destination wedding tips when getting married in Banff to get even more specific right someone might type in why is wedding photography so expensive as a general keyword that search term like someone searching that it works for a title as well you could even add on to this why is wedding photography so expensive and you could say three thoughts from a seasoned wedding professional right you could you could add

another piece to that. Or our top 10 engagement locations in Park City, Utah. These are all just sample titles. So inside of each of these, how do I choose the right portrait photographer? 10 wardrobe tips for portrait sessions. So someone might type in just wardrobe tips and you add the other piece to that, right? Do I need professional headshots? What are personal branding portraits? Tips on how to pose for newborn babies. How to find the perfect newborn photographer. All of these titles, what you'll notice is that the title essentially writes the article, okay? If I write 10 critical destination wedding tips, well, I know that what I need to create is tips for destination weddings and 10 critical ones gives me.

the idea of the format, right? It's a bullet point format, and I'm gonna go through and list each of these different tips that I'm gonna give. If I said 10 critical destination wedding tips for couples getting married in Banff, then it gets even more specific. And again, I know what that article would need to include. So this is why we go title first. We start with title first because it literally dictates everything that goes into the body of your content. The subjects you're gonna discuss, the number of concepts we're gonna include, relevant niche keywords, article formatting, and the approach, all of that is basically determined by just the title. So your best content, and I know in your heads right now you're probably thinking, but Pi?

How do I think of these ideas? I have all the tools for you, so don't stress about that part. Your best content is gonna address topics that your clients will naturally wanna know. They're gonna be content that basically asks questions, that they're gonna find questions and challenges that they're gonna have inside of their client journey. In other words, your best content is gonna be things that would be very much nice to have in a lead magnet or some sort of a downloadable guide. That's for a little bit later in marketing, but we're keeping this in mind because what we're creating now is gonna be utilized in a number of different ways. So if for a moment we.

pop back to that leverage structure, right? We're creating this one piece up here, this top-down design so that we can expand it in a long form, viralize it, nurture, repurpose, reshare, amplify, grow the community and expand. And guess what? This email nurture sequence, this is where we might take it, put into a lead magnet, take it, use it in emails, all of that kind of stuff. So it's one piece of content that we're gonna potentially reuse in a number of different ways. And this is how we get a lot of mileage out of the effort that you're putting into this. Okay, so let's actually get into the meat of this. Let's create your first article or page title. So we're gonna get to the first title right now. So again, we're starting with a.

niche SEO keyword phrase and then turning it into kind of a working title and that's it. So all we're looking for is that it includes the keyword phrase itself and kind of a clickable promise of value, okay? And here it is. We're not gonna stress. What we're gonna do is go right into, I'm gonna click that link. It's gonna bring up the SEO content creator for photographers. So this is your updated for V2 as well. This is your SEO content creator that's gonna help throughout this entire process. So what I would encourage you to do first is let's go back for one moment to the brand strategist. The brand strategist that we created way back, right? I asked it.

And I can, in case it doesn't give me, but what I'm gonna say for you to do is to type into here and to say give me a short paragraph that defines my niche, audience, and messaging. So I can give that information to another chat custom GPT. Okay, and hopefully your brand strategy doesn't drift, it doesn't create issues, but there we go. Okay, it did it right this time. So Northern Nest is an emotionally grounded elopement and destination photography studio based in Paris, serving introspective connection. Okay, so here we go. I'm gonna grab this and I'm gonna.

Copy this, and then we're going to, and you can open, by the way, ChatGBT in multiple windows. So you can open another window here. We're gonna go to the SEO Content Creator, and say, in a moment, or you can just say this. Actually, let me bring the screen a little bit more into view so it's not too far off. Okay, so let's say, give me 10 working titles for topics you think my audience would like to know. Here's a little info about my business.

you're going to simply going to take what your brand strategist gave you and plop it in. Okay. Now the SEO content creator is already trained to basically know exactly what to do. It's going to research your background. It's going to look at the audience. It's going to look at like what people in this area are basically searching for. Right? So what we're going to do now is just glance and see what it gives us. So how to plan a meaningful elopement in Paris and it gives us like without the stress or spectacle. I love that. And the keyword here is elopement in Paris, right? A camera shy creative guide to eloping in Paris 10 quiet corners of Paris for the emotional first elopement. This is Paris.

locations so for each one of these it's given me plenty of different ideas on what I could write about now one that I think would be great is like kind of a little more on the nose like 10 of my favorite locations for a Paris elopement look or 10 of my favorite locations for a Paris elopement I think would be fantastic so if you have an idea you can always bounce it back and you can say okay what do you think about 10 ideas for a 10 okay let's go 10 location ideas for Paris elopements okay

Right? So you can always bounce things back and forth. And look, why it works, it's Paris elopement locations are in there, it's high search volume, that's great. And then it gives a few upgraded titles that might feel more like you. So anytime you give it an idea, the GPT is trained to give you back not only feedback, but potential upgrades to what you can do to make it a little more unique to you, right? 10 Quiet Corners of Paris, it really loves that one. Okay, the best Paris elopement locations for connection first couples. I love this, this is so defined. 10 Under the Radar elopement spots. Oh, I love that too, right? That's very clickable.

Like under the radar kind of says this idea that these are locations that nobody else knows about. And so we get a really good idea. So let's go, okay, I love number four. Then what I'm going to do, and this will get to the body of it in a second, we'll focus on that in one of the next lessons, but let me just give you an idea. We're going to say, I love number four, build me the article, okay? Now if you know what the locations are, if you have ideas, then you're going to spell those out too. And we'll talk about that in just a bit. But I want to show you how simple this process can be because we're going to allow the AI to basically handle a lot of the heavy lifting, and then we're going to go and modify. But I don't want you.

you to write the article yet, I just want to give you an idea of where this is going. So once you're here and you've got all these titles, drop them in. If you've got future titles that you want to write about, put them into your niche keyword phrases and you can also do check search volume through Google Analytics, not Google Analytics, Google keyword search. So you can also check that as well by looking in, yeah, back in module 6, I gave you guys a link to that. Okay, we used Google AdWords to find that. The goal here is I want you to basically pause until you have this first title, this first article that we want to create and that we want to write about.

Let's go ahead and do that now.