Now, the next part of this is, okay, we have our title and how do we quickly write awesome content? I think you already have a glimpse of that. We're gonna be using AI to basically do our heavy lifting in this, right? So let's first talk basically good copy versus bad copy. Good copy is gonna get you views. It's gonna get you leads, people that convert. Bad copy is gonna get you flagged and dinged by search engines, okay? So when writing copy, we always wanna remember, we wanna write for the audience always. We're not trying to impress a search engine.

and we're not trying to keyword stuff. We wanna include some relevant keywords, but have it always be written for the audience themselves. We wanna keep the copy simple as well. I really like thinking of this, like the mark of intelligence for me is not how much somebody knows or how eloquent they can sound. The mark of intelligence for me is somebody that is a master of something and can make it simple and easy to understand for others. People appreciate that. I...

I appreciate that. It tells me a person that is comfortable with their authority, with their knowledge, they can make things simple. So make it a rule to basically write at a fifth grade level. Like we're not including fancy words, we're not trying to do anything, we're trying to write in a way that's very simple and it feels personalized, it's you, okay? This doesn't mean make it sound dumb and include grammar mistakes and that kind of stuff. So let's say a fifth grader that has a fifth grade vocabulary level, let's say that. Okay, include you and your personality. So example.

Couples of this, good copy versus bad copy. I've given this a couple times, so I'll let you guys read this on your own. But bad copy is basically keyword stuff, right? We're trying to, if I read it out loud for just a moment, Paris elopement photos are special because couples who want elopement photos in Paris. Couples love elopement photography in Paris because Paris is, it's obnoxious, okay? Reading it out loud for two seconds, we know it's obnoxious. So good copy, it doesn't do that. It doesn't try to keyword stuff. It doesn't do anything. It's simply, it's straightforward. Are you planning.

open in Paris, you're in search for something truly magical from sunrise over the, like, honestly, this still is not the way I would write. So this is, let's say it's better copy. It's not good yet, but we'll get there. In the past, creating good content required a lot of training, right? This was way back, like six, no, seven years ago when I was creating a previous version of this business program. This was all the instruction on, like, how to basically create this.

this good evergreen content for your website. Today, I'm literally like, okay, just click here and use this tool. So we're gonna do that now. Let's go ahead and jump back to this content creator for just a moment. Going back to what we had just done, all I did was once I found a topic that I liked, then I just said, I love number four, go ahead and build me the article, right? That was a little keyword that I gave back to her, a little prompt I gave back to her. And it gives me my...

So there's I don't know how to pronounce any of these names But here are the ten locations that it gave me now. It also gives me more information It gives me FAQs. It gives me a bunch of other stuff that I can include as well But if I go, you know what? I want to adjust the bullet points I would literally just write that out like I want to adjust the bullet points To be these locations and I would spell out the locations. I wanted to include okay So

Don't feel like the first thing that it gives you is the thing that you need to accept. I don't want that at all. In fact, I don't really want you accepting any of the content directly out of it. I want you to be adding your flavor to it. Okay, so I did give you that rule. I believe it's mentioned, let me see, yeah. A word on AI copy. So we're never gonna use AI written copy as is. You are gonna get flagged for it. So always modify and make it yours, but we can lean on this tool to do all the heavy lifting for us, right? So there's one of the.

of like how can we do this with some of our past material? Well, let's say for example, let's say that you did a shoot at a particular location and now you wanna create an article about it. This is fantastic for any of you that might have clients that are researching a location, say a venue for a wedding, or usually this kind of works best when it's like events or weddings that are at particular spots, right? But some of the things that I might go into search and type

is like, you know, I might type in Langham. I think it's actually not the Langham anymore. Okay, a lot of my clients search for wedding images at Pelican Hill here in Orange County. Can you create an SEO driven article for that assuming my wedding?

images will be used, okay? So you can use the SEO content creator not only to come up with new ideas, but to go back and to create content around existing imagery that you already have. So here it gives me title options, right? And this is what it's gonna do, it's literally trying to do this regardless of what input you give it. It's gonna give you title options, and then once we select, it's gonna start giving you basically what the blog or article would look like, right?

So Pelican Hill wedding photos, an artistic look at the O.C.'s most iconic venues, Resort of Pelican Hill, you can read all these basically on your own, okay? But from this, I would go back through my catalog, I would select some images and go, okay, these are the things that I want to feature and show at Pelican Hill. And maybe I have ideas of which areas I want to talk about, but this is already going to do part of that for me. So it's going to talk about like kind of the architecture, it's going to talk about the ceremony backdrops, the emotional portraits, reception stories.

Okay, and let's say that it missed the rotunda, right? So I might say like, I have a lot of shots about the rotunda. Can you build me a section for that? And it looks like it did actually include this right here, but maybe I want it to be a specific section, okay? So it'll create a section of the article that's just the rotunda. The rotunda at Repelican Hill is one of the most photographed ceremony spaces. Now, what I want to do.

is I do want to make this mine, right? So I would change the wording. In fact, oftentimes what I'll do is I'll just have the ChatGPT output right here off to the right and I'll write the content by hand to the left. And I'll say, there's a reason the rotunda at Pelican Hill is one of the most photonic. I'm like, that kind of sounds stupid. What I might say is, you know, I think one of everyone's favorite things about Pelican Hill is the rotunda, right? So I'm going to turn it into my language and I'm going to shift.

things around quite a bit. I don't talk about open air Italian style pavilion perched above the Pacific. This is stupid. This sounds like some marketer that's creating a brochure. I wanna make all this language my own. A couple of quick notes. There's very key things that AI does that we wanna make sure is not included in our language. So one of the big things that AI does a lot is these EM dashes, the emphasis dashes. Nobody writes with these.

few people like, when is the last time you saw this at anywhere? Okay. So that's a very, uh, characteristic grammar style of, of AI. Um, another thing that they often do is they'll kind of like say a long sentence and then they'll put a comma and like, end it with another, uh, let's see, let the space breathe around you. And they'll either do a dash or a, um, wide angles capture the full grandeur. So it sounds overly formal at times. It sounds like, like we have these.

You know, but here's a good example of that, that line that comes after it. But what we love most isn't the architecture, it's what happens beneath it. Like that secondary line. All of these make it very obvious. And even if you say things like, okay, please give me the full article and exclude EM dashes and anything that could sound remotely like AI, right?

this like a person having a conversation over lunch. Okay, even if I give it instructions like that, it's still not gonna do it. So it'll change some of the wording, it'll be a little bit better, but at the same time, look, there's the EM dash again, okay? I literally told it not to do that. This is why I'm saying I don't ever wanna accept what comes directly out of this, but what I wanna do is have this complete all of my heavy lifting. You can do this with new concepts. You have.

You have new ideas, great. You have past ideas that you wanna write about, great. The content creator is trained to basically give you everything that you need on this, okay? Let's jump back here and make sure we kind of hit every topic. So your first SEO-driven article. You're in a starter up. So if you want, I'm just gonna show you from the beginning. Okay, so we'll open this up. If you'd like, you can click the here button to begin or you can just give it a prompt, right? If you say click here, I've given the GPT instruction.

that tell you what it's gonna do. So you put click here to begin, it's gonna say, okay, I've loaded my SEO knowledge base, I see a collection of SEO-ready content, here's your onboarding step. So it actually tells you, can you give me a simple paragraph from your brand strategies that can help me understand your niche and audience, okay? If you don't have a brand strategy guide, can you tell me about your photography niche, ideal audience, and clarified brand message? So I wanna make this process as simple as possible for you. If you ever forget the instructions, literally just hit click.

here to begin, and it's gonna give you the actual instructions right there, okay? So if you don't have the brand strategy guide, that's fine, you can just give it, like you can say I'm a boudoir photographer based out of, I don't want you to do this because we completed this back in step two for a reason, but I just want you to see that it can help with this. Let's say out of Denver, help me.

understand my audience. It can help you with that too, okay? So it'll give you a good idea. Typically, Denver Bootleg clients fall into the common ranges. It gives you more. But again, I'm hoping that back in step two, you have a very clear feeling of this. If for some reason you're still questioning it, the SEO content creator is still trained to help you in that area as well, okay? So now we're gonna go to step two. Once we have the title of it, once we have the article itself.

then we're never gonna accept it straight out of there. We're gonna use what it's given for our structure, for our ideation, and you're gonna spend 30 to 60 minutes just making each concept yours, adding your images, everything. And if you don't like something, just ask it to change the output, okay? So you can bounce back and forth with it, and it'll get you to where you wanna go. So usually, I'll massage the content with a couple prompts to get me where I wanna go before I'll, say, start moving it over to an actual article, okay?

All right, that's it, so now this is the point where I want you to actually complete out your first SEO-driven piece of content, this evergreen content that we can put onto the website and start pulling from, because we're not to social media yet, but I want you to just to see a glimpse of this, right? If we were to go back to one of these previous conversations where we're, let's see, I think we had it over here. Okay, so what do we have? We had all these locations, 10 under-the-radar elopement spots.

Paris that might feel like a movie, right? That was one of the article titles. Wouldn't each of these, like, couldn't I make now a social media reel that said, here are my top 10 favorite engagement locations in Paris, right? You have a social media reel that literally quickly goes through all 10 of those locations. Then couldn't you make 10 more reels that basically tell you like, Hey, look, want to see an elopement at square. I'm now, I know I'm not saying these are square.

or whatever that is, wanna see a location there or wanna see some photos there, and then you simply show images at this one location. So you can go broad and feature all 10 of these in one reel, then you can go narrow and go deep into one of these in another reel. So we got 10 of those. Then look at this, tips for choosing your Parasolomon location. Wouldn't this be a great talking head video? Like, hey, my name is Pye and I'm a Parasolomon photographer. Here are 10 tips, the better way to do this, by the way, and I'll tell you the structure later, but it'd be, I want a quick.

give you 10 tips for choosing your Paris enlopement location. By the way, my name is Pye. I'm an enlopement photographer based out of Paris. Here's my kind of thoughts as a photographer that does this. Number one, go early. Okay, you have a talking headpiece right here. Then you have another suggested photo timeline I don't think is as interesting for a social media reel, but maybe you work that in like you know that that could be one actually that would be pretty useful. Paris enlopement locations, do we need a permit?

That make a great talking head video, right? Hey, do we need a permit to elope in Paris? Generally? No, no permit is required You have multiple talking head pieces right here. You have multiple image centric pieces We have 20 potential pieces of short form content from one evergreen article that we've created This is the idea of top-down marketing design Okay We start from the top we get this evergreen piece onto our website where it's going to generate organic

views over time, it's going to start picking up traction, search, and in the meantime we start capitalizing on that same content by publishing it on social media. And that's just two of the uses because then we can also take it and feature in all the other places. Our newsletter. Don't you think if we are an elopement brand and people are getting married in Paris, don't you think people would like to know this? If they land on my website, wouldn't this make for a fantastic lead magnet? Like 10 incredible locations for your Paris elopement that will make it feel like a movie?

I would give you my email, my phone number for that 100%. So this is how we're gonna get intelligent as we go into marketing. We're not just gonna sit there and grind on social media. We're gonna go at this with purpose and purpose that's gonna yield long-term as well as short-term results, okay? All right, I'm done with my rant. Let's go ahead and pause this, finish this assignment out. And as always, if you have an article that you can publish.

Shit. And if you're like, hey, it'd be great to get someone's eyeballs on this, jump into the group and say, would anyone like to trade an article review? I'm curious what you guys think about this one. I just published this. Ask for feedback from the mentorship group. Cool.