So why would clients want to hire you? Again, a part of understanding this is helping us to realize what we should be and what we shouldn't be talking about, right? So why is a potential client going to hire a professional photographer, and even more specifically, why would they hire you? We think it's because we use professional gear, because we offer a professional product, because we have good lighting and good technical skills, because we have a studio and a real business. In reality, and by the way, this is like if you actually looked it up on Google, I was like, I bet if I looked it up on AI or on Google, it'd give me the same thing. And sure enough, why is Vidarbi so expensive? Oh, because of equipment and overhead costs. And I'm like, dude, once again.

Let's look for professionals and specifically for you because they like you and they trust you. This is a luxury product, right? They like you, they trust you, they wanna spend money with you. They resonate with your values. They believe that you can deliver. By the way, resonating with your values is a big one. We wanna spend money with people that, have you ever felt the pull to buy something that has a brand, a logo, or a motto on it that's something that you stand behind? Have you ever felt that? That's when you resonate with values, right? So we want to create a brand that people can resonate with. We wanna show values that they can resonate with. And because they find value in the price.

Obviously there has to be value in the price. It doesn't mean it's cheap. It means that there's value in it. A Mac book is not cheap, but a lot of us find value in it. And a lot of you nod your heads like, no, there is no value in that, but some do. Okay. Truth bomb. People buy because they trust you as your, as their advocate and they value that you understand their needs. This is why they buy from you. And then the better question here would be, well, why don't they buy? Or what makes them maybe say no? By the way, do you think I'm trying to get at, like, if they, if these are the things that they actually value, they trust you, they value understanding needs. Do you think I'm trying to get you to not talk?

about the weeds, like the details of things, that's kind of where this is going, right? To focus our energy on the things that we should be talking about. But so to know that, the better question would be, well, why don't they buy? What makes them say no, right? The first reason someone doesn't hire us is that they're just not impressed with our brand and work. That's why part one of the program is like, hey, let's get the brand looking like an actual brand. Let's get the work, you know, if we need to improve the work, whatever we need to do, let's get that. That needs to be number one because people don't hire someone that they're not impressed with. The thing is, these people never become leads to begin with, so we really don't see them in the pipeline at all. When you see leads in the pipeline and then they end up not booking, this points to, well, do we have a problem?

Do we have a marketing issue where we're getting unqualified people? Or do we have a sales issue where we're not able to properly close? So we kind of, you'll notice that the program structure is designed to solve each problem as we would encounter it, right? The first problem is we're not getting leads and usually the big reason there is because of our brand and our work, okay? When it's not that, it's you or it's us, meaning that when we are getting leads and when we're having conversations and we're not booking, then it's generally because of our approach to sales. And it's because usually we're approaching sales with negative biases, those things that we talked about, those limiting beliefs, all that, or because we don't have a sales process that we understand.

stand, and so we prep the sale to be lost. So making this concrete, these are some of those negative biases that again come from those experiences, the trauma, that word is again an overly used buzzword, but you can say negative experiences if you like. But oftentimes we're our own worst enemy in sales because most of us don't understand the nature of it. We fear the thought of being sold. We enter the conversation in fear. We don't believe in our service or value. We fear rejection and objections. We lack confidence in our pricing. We project our own insecurities. Oh, this package is $4,000, but if there's a problem with that, let me know.

about the process, we're too hungry for the sale. Oh, just to let you know, I got a lot of other people that are really interested in this, so if you don't buy, they probably will. We bring all this into the process and it shapes the environment that we create through our words, or in some cases, the lack thereof. Why this matters. Truthfully, the lack thereof sometimes is better. I need you to stop talking about the things that don't matter to the majority of your clients. So if we think clients hire us because of our gear, then we end up talking about gear. Oh, you know, I'm using.

the latest camera, I'm using this, you're going to love the way that I light, I'm going to make you, I'm going to pose you and do it. Look, if someone's genuinely interested in your gear, because they are a photographer, and they ask you a question about gear, by all means, have the conversation. But please don't think that this justifies your price, that this is something, it'd be like you going to the dentist and then like, you're like, oh, it's $250. Yeah, because, you know, we use the Simon chair that you're going to sit in, and the Simon chair reclines to like 20 degrees, which was amazing. And then we're going to put this light over your face. And that light is like $5,000. That's one of the Winnebago lights, and they are incredible.

They're going to shine so much light into your face that every one of you hearing this would just be laughing because you're like, that's insane. All you care about is that they do quality work, right? So by recognizing the insanity of a dentist doing that to you, I'm hoping you recognize the insanity of photographers feature selling to our clients. We don't need to talk about any of this, that we offer professional product. Of course you do. That's an expectation. We have good lighting technical skills. We have a studio in real business. Nobody gives a shit. Let me just say it how it is. We don't care. What we care about is that you do good work. What we care about is that you're a brand that we can align with, that you're someone that we value.

okay those are the things that that definitely matter so we're going to stop talking about all this unless it's completely relevant meaning they are interested they are asking about it and then you have my permission so yes all of us can go on to ai can go on to google and say hey on this one you are completely full of shit please do i tell chat to be do that all the time i'm like dude seriously you missed it on this one look when it comes to a luxury product or service what we have here is something that is limited in nature requires highly skilled labor it's time intensive and it's an elevated experience this is

why I told you you should be charging a good amount because at a maximum we can only serve a few clients a week if we have a product or a service like that then it's inherently a luxury service we can't service a hundred clients a week so we need to build a luxury product a luxury solution and if you're like well I do want to offer something that that is a commodity why the phone can do is the commodity in the photography space if you want to capture the the $1 $2 $10 market go design an AI app that takes headshots that'll that'll be your your your $10 client type thing but

Otherwise we have to design a luxury service. Something that is is worth stepping beyond the phone right. So when we look at these, these are luxury services versus non-luxury services. So I kind of gave you one of each to compare. Isn't it a little bit ironic that the both luxury services, do you notice the presentations of them are fairly similar? You notice the colors are kind of similar right? But what are the other things that we notice? This is a Honda dealership, this is a Bentley dealership, this is a Louis Vuitton store, this is a Ross. Ross sells name brand stuff don't they? You can find you know, I don't know if you find Gucci in here, but you'll find like name brand, you know you'll find Calvin Klein, you'll find all sorts of name brand goodies in a Ross.

are they expensive though? What do you see different in each of these experiences and for you watching the video I want you to like maybe pause and just look at this for a moment. I'm gonna point some things out so hopefully you you hit the pause button. Okay in both of these commodity levels the Honda dealership and the Ross what you see is tons of options right especially in the Ross side you see just tons of options, relative organization, lots of repeated products. You're expected to kind of dig through and figure out what you want here and similarly up here you see a lot of products. I mean comparatively cars are a lot bigger than clothes but you see

multiple cars you see a lot of different chairs for sales conversations and you see a lot of options on the wall like what do you want to choose what do you want to pick do you want leather genuine leather do you want you know pleather do you want do you want just fabric what do you want in your car with the Bentley dealership you have one chair one desk one car and with the Louis Vuitton store you don't see you see each purse each item is placed as a singular piece it's presented as a piece of artwork it's even lit like artwork isn't it right the car is lit like artwork look at this top-down light right here kind of accentuates the car there's

of them. They're not looking to sell hundreds of these bags, hundreds of these cars. They don't need more than one chair because when someone comes in, you're either going to buy a Bentley or you're not. The warmth of the colors, the simplicity of the design. If you've ever watched me in our audits, our website audits, I'm always telling everyone push towards simplicity. Make your work needs to stand out at its own. We don't want the website to be busy. A busy website distracts from the fact that you're creating beautiful images.

is what we're trying to do. Now, why all this matters here? Because for those of you thinking that features matter when you're selling a luxury product or service, I need you to recognize the craziness in this idea. On this side, you'd very likely sit down and you'd ask questions like, hey, what if I upgraded the rims to like, what are the upgrade options for like alloy wheels? Or hey, what if I want leather? On this side, would any of you walk into a Bentley and say, does the car come with leather? If you would, please take me

with you because I want to record it and make it part of this case study okay the person will look at you as if you're crazy and then if you're like those are nice rims but um do you by chance have like like rim upgrades these are built as pieces of artwork they the expectation there is that it's already feature-rich it already includes the best of the best everything okay when we step into a luxury service into a luxury environment we have to recognize that features become expectations it's not that they're not

anymore. It's that they become expectations, meaning they're no longer selling points. So speaking of your gear, going back up here, speaking of your gear, speaking of your technical skills, speaking of your lighting, speaking of your... if anything, the only thing that it does for me is start to create this discomfort with like, well yeah, I mean you should be good at this, right? I mean well yeah, you should actually be using good gear, right? It actually presents doubts in my mind, because the expectation was obviously you're using professional gear, obviously you offer a good product, obviously you have lighting skills, technical skills, posing skills...

skills, so features in a luxury environment are just expectations, which means we stop asking questions like, what do you like about my work? Or what are you looking for in your photography? And we stop telling them things like, oh you're really going to like the way that I pose, you're really going to like, you know, again, there are exceptions to be made if someone says hey look, we really feel uncomfortable in front of the camera, what can you do to help us there? Then saying, look, you've probably experienced what it's like to have a bad photograph taken of you, I hate it myself.

That's not on you though. That's because we don't understand how to pose. It's because oftentimes a photographer might not help you with that. So we have a bad experience around that. We are trained and we are professionals when it comes to posing and body language. So I'm gonna help you through the entire process. I'm gonna make you feel comfortable. And while we're gonna guide you, it's still gonna look natural, it's still gonna look authentic. I don't need to go, okay, you ever heard of foreshortening? Foreshortening is like when your hand is like too close to, anytime your face is forward like this, we need to hinge from the hips and then kind of lean back. We just don't need to go there.

But you do have my permission to talk a little about the areas that they might be uncomfortable. I want you to slow down. I want you to get to know them genuinely and then ask meaningful questions to show that you're working as their advocate, okay? Trust and advocacy first. And what this generally means is we talk about like the tactical side of like going into the conversation. If we're talking about like a in-person conversation, I'm usually gonna build trust and not talk about anything photography related for three to five minutes. It depends on the person. I'm giving you a general idea. Please don't say like, like Pi, I tried to force them to go five minutes and they were like really uncomfortable. I'm like, dude, that was a general idea. If someone-

to get into it a little bit quicker, by all means, if they want to spend a little more time, just like talking and getting to know you, do that too. On the phone, it's generally very fast. When I call somebody, it's a few seconds. It's one question. How is this process going? Tell me where you're at in this, you know, in, in the, tell me where you're at with the, the, the maternity parent. Like, that's not the way you'd ask that question. I was going to say, tell me where you're at in the wedding planning process. You wouldn't frame it the same way, but you might say, yeah, tell me about the pregnancy. How is it going so far? Right. That'd be a better way to would communicate. Okay. By the way, I don't know if some of you feel this, but I feel like I rely so much on.

chat GPT that my own ability to come up with ideas is diminishing. It's worrisome. I'm going to have to stop using it so much. This entire process, I want your first sale, we're going to work through all this, but I want your first sale to be you. That's why we're doing this mindset work. You need to buy into the process yourself. We're going to let go of the sales trauma. There's a little smiley face because it's a funny use of trauma. Please don't take it too literal. We're going to start letting go of these things. We're going to stop selling to your client's wallet. I don't want you to sell to your wallet, meaning you're worried that you can't

to afford something, so then you're gonna give them a lower price because you think it's too high, right? We're gonna sell to their wants, to their needs. We're gonna let go of our fears, our doubts, our biases, the negative beliefs. I'd like you to start, stop being, like this takes a bit of time, right? So start, start the process of not being afraid to talk to people. Stop fearing the ask. Stop making rejection more than it is. It's not personal, it's not you, and oftentimes it's not even rejection. And stop fighting to justify your price with features, okay? Again, this is gonna be a process of learning it and living it, so this isn't gonna be instant, but I want you to.

it to starting this process. Okay. So again, starting to let go once you signed it, let's move forward.