So an urgent low-hanging fruit is gonna be fixing your website and then understanding the sales process. I wanna get this one right away. I moved this lesson right to basically the front of this because you'll notice that this entire module, step 12, it contains a lot of pieces where if you just start doing these things, you're gonna immediately see a massive difference in both your conversions and also the booking rate. So the cool thing about moving through steps 12 through 15 is we don't have to master.

all of it to start seeing major improvements and increase in revenue and bookings, right? The low-hanging fruit, it refers to anything, strategies that are basically easy to implement and have a significant impact on your business, okay? The low-hanging fruit here is we do not display full pricing. Remember, this is from step five. I think we talked about it as early as step three. We've talked about this quite a bit, right? We do not display full pricing on the website. That doesn't mean that you deceive them. It means that we include a little bit.

information, you know, prices start at and most clients typically spend, right? The reason why is because when we place full pricing up front, we're training a potential client to basically compare us solely based on price. We're telling them, look, this is everything you need. You see my work, you don't need to talk to me, you see the price, go in and make your decision, right? And then we wonder why, when we get online and we're like, hey, when you hire a photographer, it's not just about the imagery, it's also about the person behind the camera, and we wonder.

why people don't get that message. It's because our sales process is literally training them out of that message. So what we're gonna do is qualify those prices, meaning that's the prices start at and then clients typically spend, and then everything we do is gonna work to get them on the phone. Now, I realize that some of you are gonna be uncomfortable with phone calls. I wanna help you to build comfort around that because the phone is gonna be the best place to close. I'm

Not an absolutist in the sense of like, I do believe that you can convert people through, say, direct message, through, say, email. The problem is, is that the conversion percentage is so much lower. So if we are talking about a situation where we have hundreds of leads and you can't call them all, by all means, let's start sending emails, let's send out direct messages, let's find another way to communicate that's more efficient, knowing that we're gonna see a huge fall off.

in response rate. Most of us are not in that position, right? Most of us are not dealing with the problem of having hundreds of leads. So to increase your conversion percentage to the max, to make sure that we're utilizing it and taking advantage of every lead we get, I'm pushing you towards the phone. I'm going to help you to get comfortable with it if you're not already, okay? And if you are, if you do feel comfortable talking to people, don't worry, it's going to get even easier. But like I said, you don't need to be extroverted. Truthfully, I'm introverted, very introverted.

So, and there's just moments where I have trained myself to basically be extroverted. Some of those moments are like now, like in front of a camera, or when I'm asked to lecture. But you put me into a room, like when we do our photography meetups, a lot of times you guys have probably recognized that one of the most uncomfortable things for me is when you guys talk about me, even when it's like praise. Like it makes me wanna shut down and not talk. And in those environments, I tend to be more quiet. I tend to ask you guys to speak because I'm naturally introverted. So don't for a moment think that.

But because Pi is a presenter, that he's extroverted, I'm not, okay? And these types of things used to be just as uncomfortable for me until they got comfortable and I want you to recognize that so you're not misjudging your own feelings in the moment, right? Okay, so all our goal is, is wherever we interact with somebody, let's get them onto the phone and this is why. I want to show you what the sales process should be, okay? This was developed by John Henry Patterson in the 1880s.

I show this to you because I want you to recognize that this isn't anything new. I didn't make this up. This isn't like no matter what salesperson or sales trainer says, like, oh, I innovated this new process. No, this has been around for a very long time. And before John Henry Patterson documented it, I'm sure it existed prior to, but he's the one that's known for creating this process. So it starts with basically identifying the customer's problem and need, developing a value proposition, presenting how the solution fits, and then you close by making the ask. So this is the exchange of value.

for value. I would add two steps to this, okay? Namely because probably in the 1890s there weren't that many sales people around to like worry about and relationship building was fairly easy back then. Now there's so many more people, so many more voices, and so let's build a rapport and create a bit of trust first. Then we go through this process, the four-step process, and then we follow up with or address objections or concerns, okay? Because most likely in today's age people are a bit more discerning. They're

They need a little bit more help and support to get there. Now, anytime we present the price before we've done these steps, you're queuing yourself up to either lose the sale, be compared on price, or to have someone negotiate. Let me say that again. Anytime you present the price before you've gone through these steps, in other words, when you present price before you've established value, you will very likely lose the sale.

So we need to work through this process, develop the value proposition, show them how it fits, then we speak about money. It's not about not disclosing. A lot of people are like, well, Pi, if I don't disclose pricing on my website, that's deceitful. And I'm like, dude, I'm telling you to put prices start at and clients typically spend. What more do they need to know before actually understanding what they're looking for? You don't know what they're looking for. You don't know what they want.

What is the point of getting into an in-depth conversation about price when you don't know these things? Have y'all ever had someone come to you to start up a business? I don't know if anyone has had the experience, but I've had this experience so many times that it mirrors the sales process where someone will come to me and say, hey, we should start a business on this, and then they'll talk about freaking ownership. We'll do it 50-50. We'll do it, you know, let's, and then a lot of times it'll become like a big, long conversation.

about ownership, like, oh, you're gonna get a third, you're gonna get a third, and it's like, my guy, nothing exists yet. There is no business yet. Why are we spending all this time talking about this thing as opposed to actually figuring out what we're gonna be doing and what are the different roles? And there's so much else to discuss before that piece, right? And in every one of those instances where someone brings that up before actually figuring out the important stuff, I've.

Never done a business with those people. I've never created something with those individuals. It's the exact same thing here. Talking about money before we even know what somebody wants or needs is pointless. Okay. So your truth bomb for this, the best way to lose a sale is to spend time discussing the price before you actually establish value. Okay. Now the objection, whatever objections they might have, I want you guys to all recognize this right now. An objection is not.

a no. An objection is not the end of the world. An objection is not that they don't value your photography. They don't think that you're good. And all of those things that go into our head, you know, someone objects to our price and we immediately take it personally. Immediately go, oh, I must not be worth it. My work must not be good enough. An objection is simply a statement of their belief. It might be right. It might be wrong. But it's just a statement of belief. Now, usually most price.

comes down to they believe that you're the same as somebody else that's offering it for less, okay? They believe that you are the same as someone offering it for less. Now, whose problem is that? In reality, whose problem is that? When someone objects on price because they believe that your product is the same as somebody else's, that's my problem. What have I done to set that up, that environment?

Did I not create a good enough brand online? Is my imagery not high enough quality? Did I not get them on the phone to discuss and establish value, to understand who they are and what they need? Whenever they have that belief, this illustrates I have a problem on my side. Now I gotta identify where it is. But if you know it's not a problem on your side, then my favorite objection handler for any price objection like this.

Whenever someone's making a comparison is very simple. Do you believe that hiring me, you'll get the same thing that you would, if you hired them or other way around, do you believe that if you hired them, they deliver the same service that I would deliver now, if they say yes, that points back to me, what did I do in this process to not establish value, but if they say no, then they've already justified your price because they recognize that now.

They recognize that what you do is not the same as everyone else's. So look most objections most calls for discounts most things that occur in this space is because of that false belief or a belief that is similar to that and what we're working to do in the sales process is simply Undo those beliefs that they have help them to gain comfort of why they're doing this But we have to establish value before we're doing this. We have to have to get there Okay

We lose sales, if I were to make this simple, we lose sales because we didn't adequately establish value by failing to uncover their needs and their values, by feature selling instead of listening, by presenting the price before establishing value, or by talking too much, not giving space. If you were to simply make this change, meaning like if a person goes from displaying full pricing to simply saying price is starting at

clients typically spend, and then they move everything to a phone conversation rather than email or rather than texting. If you do those two things without a single bit of additional training, by itself, we're talking double the conversions. Meaning, you did nothing else. You still don't know how to sell. Just those two changes by itself will add a minimum double conversions, okay? So your call-to-action playbook, in case these two things.

are not yet done. I need you, step one, make sure that the website has a pricing page that is important because people click pricing more than anything else. On it, it should have packages start at, clients typically spend, and then simply a contact form. Then we get them onto the phone. Drive everyone to the phone. Whether it's your website calls to action, I want it to go contact form and then phone. If it's the about you page, go to the about you page and then to the phone. Like every single place that they click.

They go from one page to another and then it drives them over to the contact page. We should always drive them to the phone. If it's on your social bio and they click book me here, the link goes right to your contact form. If you're direct message them, engage and request their phone number, go straight to a phone call. And if they email you for maybe like you send them a resource, right? Maybe they sign up for whatever resource. Then that resource takes them to a contact form to get the resource. And then you give them a call. Everything is about getting them on.

of the phone, if we do this, this raises your chance of booking so much higher, like we're not talking, if you're talking about DM conversions versus phone conversions, it's not a small number. We're talking seven, eight, nine times higher. The only reason I didn't put an insane number here is because number one, probably wouldn't believe me, and number two, I didn't wanna go and look up a study to support this specific fact, because I have a lot of studies that are gonna be wild, and I'm like, I don't need to cite every single thing. So I'm just saying, look.

At a minimum, this will have a 100% return, like 100% conversion boost. It's actually a lot more, and you'll see that as we go through, okay? So make this a commitment right now to get that, because that is lowest hanging fruit number one. Okay, now let's go on to the next video.