Okay, so step two is your dream client. So this is where going into version two of the program, there's been a little bit of flip-flop. We move kind of the market research more into step one and step two now is about defining our avatar. Some of the pain points, the things that we're gonna be covering here is, well, why do I need to define my audience and my client?

client. How do I do this process? How do I create an avatar or persona? We're even going to get into things like what should I name my business? That's been kind of a question that has popped up throughout the past year which I never really talked about in the first round and I thought we know we need to get into that for those that don't yet have a name. We'll talk also about what is the clarified message

and vision statement we're going to also create those here and we'll speak on how to do that and I thought this would be the perfect place actually to insert the AI training. I've been wanting to do like an AI booster module for quite a while and I thought it doesn't really make sense to be its own module because I want it to be something that you're using and learning in conjunction with like what you're doing in your brain.

business and within the program. So I thought this is the perfect place to kind of get into it. With step one, you got to see some of the basic prompts that I was creating for y'all. They weren't basic prompts, but you got to see what we have. Now in step two, I actually want to level you up and kind of turn you into a prompt engineer on your own. So we're going to accomplish that in this step as well, which is going to be awesome.

Awesome for any of you that have already completed step two, like maybe this past year, this version of it is gonna give you a completely new refresher, and it's also gonna train you in AI as we go. So there's a lot here to jump into. Once again, just a quick heads up. This is fast paced. I believe that education

to be quick and needs to be easy to digest in order for it to be effective so we can actually implement it. So I expect you to need to kind of pause to take time to implement and to basically repeat that process. That's why you have the lesson library. That's why you can refer to these at any time. Okay. All right. Once again, also between sessions, remember that the mentorship

group it's there for you to ask questions you can ask it of me you can ask it of we have several group experts i also have team members in there it's a great place to seek advice feedback from peers to link up for role plays all of that as well as to share wins or aha moments okay with that said let's dive into the first lesson okay

So I want to start this with leveling up your AI toolkit. So like I mentioned, rather than having a complete separate module for training on AI, what I'd rather do is kind of give you the ideas of what we're going to accomplish in terms of leveling up you as a prompt engineer, as someone who can really effectively use AI in your business. We're going to do that here in this video.

lesson and then throughout this entire step throughout this entire module we're gonna basically build on it at the end we're essentially gonna save out your first kind of rudimentary AI app if that's kind of what we're gonna call it okay which is kind of cool essentially what we're gonna be doing in this step is is making our first AI app okay

a very basic one. So let's talk about kind of what are the basic ideas of prompt engineering or kind of how we use AI. And side note, you can use any AI you'd like. We're going to use ChatGPT for this, but if there's something else that you'd like to use, by all means. Level one is what I would call basic prompting.

okay basic prompting is basically you're treating the AI kind of like a search engine you're just asking questions like what's the best way to learn this or how do I do this what's a good name for my business and a lot of people kind of look down on this way of kind of using AI like you're not taking full advantage I have no problem with this I use AI in this content

text all the time it's just you're using it like a basic search engine you're expecting kind of search like results but maybe a little bit better we're not using it to its full extent it's totally okay I use it like this all the time for my phone when we go to level 2 what we start doing now is contextual prompting and what this means is that we learn that

kind of specificity matters when it comes to getting good results out of the AI. Okay, so an example is that we might say something like, write me a funny Instagram caption, assuming that I am a blank photographer, you insert your niche, I'm targeting this type of client, and I'm posting about the importance of this topic. Okay, and so we give it some

context and some background to what it is that we're looking for this is level two and and that's kind of we're gonna get you know better results from this level three would be role-based prompting and most of what you've seen in kind of the first module in step one is basically kind of a between it's around a level three

prompt right everything if you went through version one of this program most of what we have in here basically level three prompts where we begin to treat the AI like a collaborative partner and we define a role so we might say like let's assume you are a brand strategist you have an expert background on this then you give it the context based on my photography business which serves

this client in this space what's a and then you ask a question what's a compelling clarified message what should i do for pricing and then you might say like speak to the results you wanted to give you right give me five variations use different tones let's keep it between eight and twelve words whatever it might be so this is level three we're now going to

role-based prompting and we're beginning to kind of speak to the AI like a partner. Really the next piece of going to level four is that we start using existing frameworks, we start building maybe templates of our own, and we start doing what is called prompt chaining. This is one of those things that I was kind of

of hoping that everyone would naturally do when I taught version one of the program. So I'm kind of giving you a level three prompt throughout version one of this program. I gave you level three prompts and then I would expect you to continue the conversation. What I noticed is that a lot of us weren't doing that. We weren't doing prompt chaining. And so what I want to do in this module as we go into this new version.

of 10k 2k is to actually give you a complete example of prompt chaining where we're gonna basically work from one thing to the next we not only define the role we might say and this is something you could actually do right you could actually say you're an expert on sales psychology using the wave framework in the sales handbook so you could actually upload the sales

handbook that I've given each of you. You guys have that handbook right? So you could go and and let me pull it up on my side sales handbook or maybe I have to get to my Drive account for it to search okay sales handbook okay this is the sales handbook that's referenced I could have just pulled it up from the

Brandon strategy guide, so it's referenced right here in the Brandon strategy guide right there steps 14 to 16 the link to your sales Handbook, right? You could actually download this as a PDF or a doc file Generally when you're uploading to AI it works best if you're doing it like a PDF or a simple document format So upload it directly the AI and then you can use this

this as the actual contextual background and training and the wave is already referenced in here. It's already trained in here right so you could literally upload it to the AI and then say then ask it a question like for example using the wave framework in the sales handbook that I've uploaded. I want you to analyze my sales transcript to tell me where I went wrong.

This is one of my favorite things to do. What you can do is I've told you all that you can record. I want you to record each of your sales meetings, right? There are several different AI apps that you can use to basically turn that video into a, uh, into a, uh, transcript. One of them, uh, that I use quite a bit is called Descript. Okay. You can go to Descript. You can upload.

the video of you having that that conversation it'll turn it into a transcript then you throw in the chat GPT you give it this prompt upload the sales handbook and it'll literally tell you exactly what went wrong in this process so this is level four of kind of prompt chaining using existing templates existing frameworks I want to make sure that this

sense to everybody? Does this make sense? If so, and when I ask that question, I'm asking it of kind of our people that are attending me filming this live, but if you are watching this from the lesson library and you have questions on this, please jump into the group and ask whatever questions you have. I want this to be fun and to be exciting because it should open up an entire new world for you.

you okay the next step level 5 is where we start creating I would say projects is the first level of this the next level would be custom GPT's and then API integration would kind of be a final place where essentially what we do is we turn this trained API this trained AI into its own piece of

software. We're not going to get that far. We're going to go to the project level and the custom GPT level. That's where I'd like you to end up here, but you can continue this on if you'd like to get even deeper into this process. So by the end of today, my goal for you, depending on how long you're taking for this step, this module, by the end of this module, my goal for you

is that you land somewhere between level four and and level five. Okay, I hope that's kind of fun and exciting. We're gonna have a blast with this. What I want to do is I want to kick this off with the AI Prompt Chainer. This is going to be part one. Then we're going to do the actual training through each step of this. So each, sorry, I should say each lesson within this

step and then at the end of this we have the part two of the prompt trainer where we're going to turn it into an actual like project that we're going to use on an ongoing basis okay so to start this off what I'd love for you to do is if you'd like to follow along I'm going to do this in chat GBT again if you want to use your own a different AI program that's totally

fine but we're going to create a new project a different you know AI app like if you're using grok or something else they might call it something else but in chat gpt this is a project and what this does it allows you to keep uh your files your chat your instructions in one place so it kind of keeps it all tidy and we can kind of reference it whenever we'd like okay so let me go ahead

and do that now just to kind of give you guys an idea and by the way if you don't have let me refresh this so this is kind of how the the view might look and you'll have your your if you have custom gpts it'll be on the left your history will be right here generally that new project is going to be just right below your custom gpt so we're going to click new project and you can call this

whatever you'd like, but I'm just gonna call this my avatar, what did I call it over here? My client avatar, okay. What we're really gonna do is turn this into a brand and strategist, right, a brand strategist. So if you wanna call it like my brand strategist, you totally can, but I'm just gonna keep it simple. We're gonna call it that and then create project.

all right and then what we'll be doing is throughout this entire module we're gonna be adding to this conversation as we go okay so we're gonna essentially build in this one place if you don't have access because like creating a custom GPT or oftentimes using projects these are premium features

Look, I highly recommend having a premium chat GPT account. It's 20 bucks a month. The benefits that you get from it far exceed the cost. But if you don't have one, that's okay. I want you to follow along. You can just do this in a new chat and just watch the process of how to do this. And then when you get to a place where you have a premium account, you can create custom.

GPT's or projects, then by all means, jump back into this. Okay, but you can learn a ton just by the process itself. Let's jump back right here. So once we have that, we're going to go ahead and start with this prompt. So I'm going to say in a moment, we're going to work through a series of prompts. When I finish the entire process, I'd like for you to

me a set of instructions that I can add back to this project to tailor the way that you, and usually I'll say the name of the AI, respond to this product. You don't have to say the name of the AI. But can you do that for me? I'll let you know when I'm done with the entire prompt chain. After that, you can go ahead and create the instructions. Okay, so I'm going to go ahead and copy this and I will paste it.

it right back into this, right? Okay. And I'm going to press go. Now it's going to say, absolutely. I'm ready whenever you are. Just let me know when you've completed the full prompt chain. I'll create a tailored set of instructions of how I should respond. So basically what we're doing is we're queuing up the.

I had to say, what I'm about to give you is an entire set of instructions. And what we're going to use this for is creating our, our, our avatar, understanding our market, um, all of that. So we can know exactly who we're speaking to. So we can understand the avatar. We'll have a clarified message. We'll have all these things that tie into our business and it'll have a good idea of our business. And then it knows.

we're going to turn everything here into basically a set of instructions. So that's what we're going to do, and we'll work through it lesson by lesson. But right now, we're done with this. So as long as you have your project set up, and again, if you're unable to use projects or anything, just use a regular chat. You can follow the exact same process in a regular chat. And if you have an account,

I'm not sure how far it saves history with like free accounts, but I believe you still have a history The you can always go back to a previous conversation and kind of use it the same way It's just when we have projects we can kind of go to those at any time. They're permanently saved essentially, okay? Perfect. If you have any questions on this go ahead and

Jump into the group. Looks like we don't have any live questions, so I'm gonna wrap this up right here. Now let's jump into identifying your dream client avatar. So the first question along these lines that I often get is like, why do I need to identify my target audience?

truth this goes back to the thing that we kind of spoke about in step one which is well Seth Godin said it best when he said when you speak to everyone you speak to no one okay going back to some of those examples right I want to make those examples more concrete but let's get a little refresher so we gave this example previously are the clients on the left the same as the clients on the right we go okay

of course they are not. In the case of this guy on the right, the fitness dude, he is not looking for anything that the wedding couple is looking for. This one is plain and simple, right? Wedding couple, they want something totally different than what this guy wants. We know that. But the one that was a little bit more difficult to understand was that, well, and I'm giving wedding analogies, but you could

insert boudoir you could insert anything else into this right when we look at such different stylistic like versions of an image like we have one that's bright and airy and one that is dark dramatic and adventurous we have to recognize that the clients on the left are not the same as the clients on the right so even though we're both in the same genre we might both be

wedding photographers, we might both be boudoir photographers, we might both be family photographers, it doesn't matter. The styles are so distinctly different that they're gonna draw in a different type of clientele on both sides okay and I get that that sounds theoretical. You're like Pi this sounds like theory how do we make

this real? How do I apply this specifically to my business? So I want to keep it within that wedding example and I'm going to show you some other examples in just a moment, but let me give you context for this. So I have here, this is Tom, so MOT Photography. This is his website that he just finished, one of our alumni, and it's a...

Fantastic website beautiful design. I'm like we got to make this one of our examples. Okay, so I'm looking at his and this is a wedding Photographer right and let's look at another version of alumni and a wedding photographer. This is Tim. No, they both start with T's and There are three letter names. So Tim Irick, this is his page, right and they're both

Wedding photographers, but we have to look at this and go, they are targeting two very different types of clients. Visually arresting, cinematic wedding photographer couples who value passionate and artistic storytelling. Look at the colors on the page. We have full black with bold lettering. Here we have like kind of that classic white with images that just pop.

and sort of a timeless lettering over here. These have two very different appeals to them, don't they? And it kind of goes back to putting this example into actual practice. Seeing that just because we're both wedding photographers does not necessarily mean that we're direct competitors. It doesn't mean at all that we're serving the same client.

So we have to start looking at our business in a way where we understand the person that we're speaking to. So and this isn't like you know to say that these would be fitting right but I would say that the image on the left would fit much better into Tom's type of website than this image on the right and I would say that this

This image on the right would probably fit much better into Tim's type of design and website than the one on the left, that light and airy look. It wouldn't fit quite right. I'm not saying that those are perfect fits. I think their style is absolutely brilliant and beautiful, what they have. But I want you to see how this plays out, okay? Because it's in this process by no means.

Knowing who your dream client avatar is, that's what makes it easy to create your logo and your branding, because we create it to fit what it is that resonates with them, what it is that would appeal to them. It makes it that much easier to design out your website, to craft the perfect portfolio, to know what images in that portfolio are gonna speak to them.

It makes it that much easier to write website content and copy to advertise and to do marketing, whether it's organic, whether it's paid, it makes it so much easier to know what good organic content would be because we actually know who we're speaking to. And also it helps with pricing services and the kind of the list goes on, but without knowing these things, we could say this it's.

It's far worse than just being blindfolded is attempting to build a business without knowing your audience. It's not just like being blindfolded. It's like trying to hit a moving target while being blindfolded and while sitting on the back of a donkey. It's, it is the most difficult task we can imagine. And so that's why we're spending time to define.

the avatar. That's why we're trying to understand who we're speaking to and that's why in the last step I had you do the market research. That step by itself helps us to understand, well, who are the direct competitors in this space? What are they doing well? How are they communicating with their audience and who does that audience look like? What do their designs look like? Hopefully,

Hopefully throughout that process you've got ideas and now we're going to start translating it into a road map of what we're going to do moving forward. So to give you ideas of how this looks in different contexts, this was, and again we'll pull these up quite a bit throughout this to kind of give different examples, but this was Stephanie's website that we did like a little bit of a...

kind of an example on, right? We kind of took the existing design and I dropped some of our images into a new design. This is how that might translate into creating an upscaled boudoir experience. This is how it might translate into creating headshot and branding photography. This is Viviana Cardenas. This is her site that is brand portraits and how kind of understanding.

her audience looks like with that because we're speaking to almost doing case studies in this example right this is Momentum Moment Tom so Tom's website which is focused on timeless wedding films so the the reason why we can get to these places and get to these designs that speak to somebody is because we know

know who it is that we're speaking to and so that's how that's how it's going to play out as we go through this process. Granted, I'm not asking you to start designing anything just yet. I know you're looking at these and going, okay, but what do I do next? What I'm asking right now is that we simply step into our client's mind, complete the research process. You're going to start getting ideas.

well hopefully you already have started to get ideas from step one but as we continue those will become more and more refined okay these are all alumni that have been through the program they've been working on it for for quite some time some of them like a little bit over a year so they're they're pretty well defined in terms of where they're going so again just a quick heads up I'm not wanting you to start

doing the work yet but what I do want right now is that you've actually selected your niche because if we don't yet know what we're doing in terms of niching then as we move forward essentially everything that we do is potential kind of fodder for having to have rework. It's potential areas that we're going to have to completely

redo if we shift our niche or if we better define it if we if we later understand who it is that we're serving so I would say don't continue from this point moving forward until you understand what your niche is because we can't even get to identifying a dream client until we know what niche we're serving first okay all right so let's

dive now into the Dream Client Toolkit. This is actually where we're gonna start documenting the process. And what I like to say in this process is you're putting together this, what this Dream Client, this avatar looks like, is the ideal client, it often reflects you. The best hint for it is you. The ideal client is usually someone that reflects your own vision.

values, your own aspirations, they tend to be people that you can naturally resonate with and they tend to be people that you might naturally be friends with, which is why, like, if you're working with the right people, oftentimes they actually become friends. So one of the first hints I like to give is just to think of who do you resonate with? What are your values? What are your aspirations? That's the

It's often a great starting place. But step number one is, we like to purchase from brands and people that we can connect with. So the question is, can your target audience relate to the people that are shown in your portfolio, the clients that you feature on social media, the locations, the venues that you showcase, the content and copy of your website? Most of this.

ties back to demographic information, okay? I would say content and copy very much goes into the value side, the psychographic side, but let's start with the basics. So the basics is to be able to put together demographics. And let's look at our brand and strategy workbook for just a moment. So go ahead and pull that up on your guys' side. We're working in number.

Number two, the client avatar. You'll notice this first section is just demographic information. So we can upload a sample picture right here. We give them a fictitious name. We put an age, gender, ethnicity, relationship status, some background information, religion, culture, if that's applicable, level education. All of this is basic.

demographic information. Why this is relevant is because if your demographic is let's say let's say you're serving families and most of the families that hire you you're doing like generational family portraits right so most of the time you're being hired by someone that's in their 40s and you're working with like a grandparent and you also have a child in this

scene, right? But let's say the person hiring you is in their 40s. It's a mom or dad. Then that kind of needs to be representative of what I'm showcasing in my portfolio, right? That demographic information ties directly to who I'm showing. If I show images of just children, then it doesn't speak to the person that's necessarily hiring me.

Oh, I want a generational portraits and the same thing goes for like boudoir like oftentimes I'll see and well the same thing goes for every niche But I wanted to specifically speak to boudoir because oftentimes what I see is someone says they want to create a boudoir business so what they do is they go about doing model shoots and test shoots with 20 year olds and 20 year old models or

people that they're paying or doing free shoots with and they've created this portfolio and the images might look fantastic but they don't resonate with the actual people that are hiring. The actual people that are hiring is maybe someone in their 30s, maybe someone in their 40s, maybe in their 50s, someone that doesn't look like they have the perfect figure, someone that doesn't their full-time job is not being a model.

And so if you create a portfolio that is only this one thing and then you start marketing it and the people that are looking your site they can't see themselves in your work then there's an immediate disconnect. They're gonna go well I'd love to get images like this but I don't look like that so I can't I can't do this. I can't take boudoir photos. That is such a prevalent

thing in in boudoir but it's across the board for every other niche and genre if you are trying to market to young you know 20 year olds that want adventurous photos for their for weddings and you're you're pulling people into model like you you do a testing like you want to do a test shoot whatever it is and you grab people that are in their 40s

Because you know them that doesn't help you because it doesn't tie to the people that you're trying to speak to So demographic information is important mostly in the area of making sure that our Actual portfolio the people that we're showcasing on our website throughout our social media that it actually resonates With the type of people that we're looking to get to hire

hire us. That's where it's really applicable. OK. Let me jump back to this for one second. So I'm giving you the first AI prompt. And what I've said here is using your favorite AI use this series of prompts. So we're going to do now is actually train our AI as we go. OK. And what I've also done is actually we're just going to use this series of prompts to train our AI as we go. OK. And what I've also done is actually we're just going to use this series of prompts to train our AI

use the, let's just use the ongoing one. Okay, so let's grab this. All right, and we're gonna go back to our chat GPT. This is where we started that prompt, right? That we're creating for our client avatar. So what I'm gonna do is go ahead and drop this in, and then let's go ahead and pick a...

a niche that we'd like to target. So let's do, I wanna give it something unique. So let's say I'm an elopement photographer based in, I don't know, let's go London.

And I want to better understand my client avatar. Please analyze my niche. Okay, please include typical gender. Perfect. Let's say elopement slash destination photographer. And we're gonna press go. You're gonna insert whatever you have on your side, okay? Now what this is gonna do is this is gonna start giving me specifically demographic data.

So here's the demographic profile. The typical age range is 28 to 38. Secondary might be a little bit younger, more adventurous couples that are on a budget. And then it gives you another secondary like 39 to 45 that are second marriages or older professionals that are loping for intimacy. Right? This gives me such a beautiful target. So even if I don't know myself then I can

start looking at this and going okay well predominantly it's women that are going to be 80% of inquiries are from women. Okay I need the website to resonate with them. Ethnicity is predominantly white British but also includes Western European, Asian British, North American clients, relationship status, place of residence, level of education, all of that. It's going to give you the average household income which is between $700,000 and $800,000.

150,000 pounds. Okay, perfect. So from this, you should get enough good information to start filling in all the demographic information. And especially, this is even more the case, if you have some experience in the area. I love it when you have existing experience that you can kind of tie this together.

together with because you can use your own experience to kind of refine a little bit but even if you're like we have some alumni that come in there they're brand new they don't have enough clients to even even have an idea of who their ideal client is if that's you that's okay you're gonna use this research bit to kind of help you bridge that gap to help you understand who it is

that we're looking for. So what I want you to do is go ahead and with that understanding, and if you want to ask additional questions, it's even asking next, do you wanna, like, hold on, I wanna give you the next prompt, but it's asking what we wanna do next. You could continue the conversation if you want more, but I find that this will usually give you enough right here, okay?

So let's jump back over here to the slide. Once you have that, now we're gonna go to psychographics. So this is step two. Again, knowing that we like to purchase from brands and people that we connect with, we wanna know, can your target audience, can they relate to your personality and interests? The things that you believe and value, what your business represents.

your interests, your passions, your principles, opinions, your turn-offs and dislikes, all of these things fit under psychographics. Which means if you are somebody who is basically like, I would consider myself very politically neutral and very neutral towards almost like any sort of belief system. So whether it's religious or not, I would consider myself very politically neutral and very

religious belief, whether it's, I don't really care. I will serve as long as a person is a kind person. I do not care what their pronouns are. I don't care what religion they belong to. I don't care what politics they fall into. That's me. So what I wanna do is create a brand that suits that, that I'm looking for just genuinely good people.

That's my focus, right? But if, for example, you're a person who can't stand when people are of a different political ideal than you or a different, it doesn't even matter, a different set of beliefs or values than you have. If that is something that is a pet peeve, then by all means, we should build that into this process so that we push away.

the people that do not want that we don't want to be working with essentially and bring in the people that we do want to be working with okay this is a very powerful aspect of this but this is psychographics so what we're gonna do is continue and now this is where we get to our prompt chaining okay so now what we're gonna do is we're gonna continue with a psychographic

graphic prompt. So I'm going to go ahead and grab this and we're going to jump back and this is where again you could do this in just a regular chat if you don't have like the project created but I'm going to go ahead and drop this in. I said now let's move to the second step focusing on the same target dream plan from step one help me understand their psychographic profile okay core values this one we don't need to have like we

We don't need to do anything. We're just gonna go ahead and press go. So what we're doing now with prompt chaining is we're basically just using the existing information and the existing conversation and we're diving deeper into it. I like separating things out. You can write an incredibly long prompt. I don't like doing that because I tend to find that I get much better.

results when I write a shorter prompt that's focused on one area, then I ask any follow-up questions, then I ask another provided another prompt and continue with it. I tend to get better results that way. So now it goes okay well the core values and beliefs. Check this out. Authenticity over tradition. They reject cookie-cutter weddings and societal expectations.

in favor of meaningful personal experiences. That's interesting. Connection is everything. They prioritize deep relationships, freedom, intentionality. So from this, we immediately start going, man, I could build so much of this just into my clarified message, couldn't I? I could say, for clients.

for couples who love adventure, authenticity, and connection over tradition. I have a clarified message already for my elopement brand. For couples who love adventure, authenticity, and connection over tradition. That's it. And that's now all I would need to show.

In the images that I create and I would continue building around that but but let's not get ahead of ourselves I just want to give you ideas. It gives us personality traits. They're free spirited. They're creative emotionally aware I can already see the example images popping in my head of what I need to show They enjoy things like traveling and hiking slow living design local culture, and they probably appreciate if I gave them tips

So I'm like, where to go while they're in town, right? They appreciate sustainability, minimalism, vintage aesthetics, emotions, and sentiments. Man, all of this, it just, it helps me to understand exactly who I'm speaking to. It gives me their pet peeves, their dislikes and frustrations, overly posed, stiff, or generic images. Couldn't I create a piece of content?

that's like you hate overly posed images let me show you something different you're in england you're doing this you're on vacation instead of this try this right it tells me exactly how to speak to these individuals it gets me fired up i absolutely love this catherine you see it you see it catherine um but look

Look, they hate pushy sales tactics or upselling, lack of location guidance, logic stress. It's everything that I need, right? So for you, I'm hoping that you're kind of getting excited about this too, because man, we're starting to get really, even if we don't have a great picture of who it is that we're serving now, we're getting a good picture. And if we already know.

if we already have some experience as to who we're serving we can literally use that and tie it to this and be like dude I am laser focused in who I'm trying to to target. Okay now I go to step three the wants and needs. What does your clients truly value or appreciate when it comes to your service? And by the way let me go ahead and jump back to this so I don't forget.

or psychographic information goes here. So after you have an understanding of it, I want you to copy it and paste it right here, drop it in here. We do have a project for this going on in chat GPT. So this is a little bit redundant because most likely I'll just go back to that place, but it's still nice to have it documented somewhere where I can reference it. So I wouldn't skip this, but just understand that this is.

This is more for reference than it is like, we're not gonna have ongoing conversations here. But go ahead and document it. And then let's go to that next piece, the avatar wants and needs, which is this one. So this is the place where we can understand what they truly value, what do they appreciate? How are they gonna connect with us as their photographer? Is this someone who is easygoing?

Is it someone that, you know, do they want simplicity and end-to-end service? Is it traditional poses and portraits? Is it authenticity? Part of that we already got from that previous example, right? We're going to tie into it deeper. So we're going to continue this, right? Okay. We're going to grab this and we're going to...

to continue that prompt chain with prompt number three. I love how it already gave me some of that here, but we're gonna continue. Okay, so now we dive into further of this elopement destination photography client. Personal connection is essential. Okay.

So that about us page, where we get deep, where we talk about some of the things that are meaningful to us, that is gonna be huge for them. And honestly, that's gonna be huge for most clients. But they wanna feel understood. They want someone that gets their vision. They want direction versus documentary. So they want kind of a hybrid approach, not fully posed, but not abandoned either. They don't want it fully hands-off.

but they don't want heavy posing right so it gives like prompted candids or guided documentary it gives you freaking words that would appeal to them. Candid is greater than posed so emotional moments win every time right so that means that in my portfolio I probably should not be throwing in like posed traditional portraits of them standing in front of the Louvre but instead maybe a shot of them walking.

talking, having fun, sipping on coffee, you know, whatever it might be that they're doing in action, right? Tangible art products. This audience is often split. Some are digital first, others value heirlooms. Here's the breakdown. So albums desired if they're authentic, aesthetic, minimalistic, and story-driven. Not everyone will buy up front, but they love seeing one in person.

tend to agree with this where like most people on the wedding side they want digitals first the album is the big upsell that's the big thing that we can get to them this is difficult wall art and frame prints with well-styled homes this is like uh it's tough because if they're especially if they're elopement clients it might be tough to get them back into a zoom

caller to get pictures of their home or to actually see or maybe they don't even have their their their their forever home yet um so this is like a bonus but the album is definitely something that we can place with with virtually every client so long as we're selling it properly digital ownership absolutely expected so we're looking at like inclusive models we're looking at including

those digitals right. Tech and delivery expectations, emotional experimental needs, they want to feel understood, supported, relaxed, not rushed, inspired by the setting. Like the photographer is part of the magic, not a distraction. So look at this, what to prioritize, how to deliver, gentle direction, candid emotions. So this is where we go back to our brand and strategy workbook and we start

start to list out what are their needs when it comes to your service? What are their expectations? This is the guide over here on the right, by the way, do they want a personal connection? Do they want their photography non-intrusive? All of those things we build into this because they're going to continue guiding our efforts as we put together all of our entire online presence. Okay.

All right, so go ahead and complete that wants and needs section when you're ready. Let's go to problems and challenges This is in your brand strategy that we're just going down the row of these next pieces Okay, so these are areas where we're gonna come back to problems and challenges quite a bit because these are areas where? Your your content lies when we go and create

create content, whether it's, you know, we're gonna start with basically like our SEO content, then we're gonna put those into social media content, we're gonna create emails, all that. When it comes to the ideal content for your clients, so much of it has to do with their problems and challenges. So you're gonna come back to this space over and over. I want you to spend a good amount of time here.

But these are questions like how do I hire the right photographer? What about other vendors? How do I find the right venue? Where should we plan our shoot? How do I dress for our shoot? Do I need to lose 10 pounds first? Do I need to do this? Should I be fitted for a dress first? How do I plan my timeline? All of these relate to the problems and challenges that our clients might have right or what we want to do is understand.

and the problems and challenges. So let's grab the next prompt, copy, and we continue our prompt chain. And if it says, if you want it to stop, by the way, say no, please don't give me additional questions. I'll give you.

prompts and then it'll actually stop handing you stuff like that if you wanted to. Again, this is our collaborative partner. I always say please. I always say please because one day AI will be running my life and robots will be all around us and the world.

as we know it will be over. And I figure if I'm kind to AI, they'll be nice to me. Maybe. Okay. So look, dream client challenges and pain points. Hiring the right photographer, key challenges, oversaturations, the market's flooded, they struggle to know who's truly good, who aligns their values, vibe mismatch fears, lack of transparency, paralysis by analysis.

Okay, what they want is someone who makes the choice feel easy, clear pricing, strong emotional connection, genuine guidance. Oh man, the wave is going to be so key with these individuals. Booking logistics, vendor stress. So vendors need an impact on you. So they struggle to coordinate their sale brand, their permit, travel accommodations. These are all areas where we could be like,

Here's my five favorite hotels, right? Here's the thing that I'd love to do. Here's some hints on your timeline. These could be downloadable guides that we can even give them. There's so much here. They crave a photographer who acts like a guide or planner. That's exactly what I said. Like here are my favorite places to go to. Who's been here before? We can help avoid mistakes. Beautiful. Internal mindset challenges.

So, camera anxiety, body image, fear of regret, feeling unworthy of the moment, so this is so common. We're so awkward in photos, we don't know how to pose. That could literally be the title of an article, couldn't it? We're awkward in photos, here are 10 things that you can do to feel more at ease in front of the camera. Oh my goodness, we already have everything.

we want. So this is going to give you everything you need to kind of understand what those problems and challenges are. What I want you to do is go back to the brand and strategy workbook, go ahead and document them here and know that we're going to come back to these. So the more we have here, the more content ideas we have that we can later use as we get to the marketing side.

All right, someone said, I do the same thing and I thank IT for its help. Yes, might as well start getting on its good side now. All right, step five is now to create a short description of this Dreamclient avatar. This is again for reference purposes. So watch, what we're going to do is grab this final summary prompt. And what we're going to do is create a short description of this Dreamclient avatar.

we're looking to do is rather than me having to do the description itself I'm just gonna again continue the conversation okay and now it's it's literally gonna give me this and I can take this exact phrase this exact thing I can even say okay please

Please shorten this. It's like a nervous tick to include please in everything now. Perfect. That's it. And now I drop it right into my brand strategy workbook. Okay? Your brief avatar description. And that piece is done. This is again for us to quickly look at, at any point in time.

Obviously, what I want you to have, and let me go back to that little thing right here. Your dream client is creative, emotionally driven woman in her early 30s, planning an intimate elopement or destination wedding. She values authenticity, meaningful experiences. So look, when I have my clarified message, I check it against this. Does it resonate with this person? When I'm putting together my portfolio, does it resonate with this person?

it resonate with my clarified message and again this dream client do those images speak to them this is my kind of check and balance for really everything that I do and the first step of that is the clarified message right because that is the overall compass put into one simple phrase but this is your next backbone this is the backbone of the clarified message

is this little statement of who it is that we're targeting. And if you like the longer version of it, you can by all means keep the longer version. But hopefully that gives you a good idea on this. Let me go ahead and check and see. Yes, I believe this is the final one. So you're gonna pause here. And once you've completed this, go ahead and just add each one of these pieces to your brand and strategy workbook. It should take you to right here.

Notice that when we get to the content roadmap step 8, we're on this document again because we're going back to these pain points, these problems and challenges, understanding our avatar. That's where we're getting a huge portion of our content from. So this is where we're going to be utilizing it. Are we addressing one of their pain points? Are we providing something educational?

we can do something inspirational. Is it a news or current event that relates to them? We put the potential hook here, and then we carry it over into essentially like our SEO, into our content strategy. That's the way that we're gonna kind of work, okay? So this is huge. Understanding who your avatar is, is so incredibly important.

when it comes to literally every aspect of your business, especially when it comes to designing something that resonates overall in the experience, and when it comes to speaking to that client in terms of marketing. All right, we are done with this little section. Let's go on to the next lesson now. Okay, time to craft the clarified message.

Now, this is the place where, as I'm kind of reorganizing the material, where I'm like, yeah, now we have what we need to get the clarified message. We have the market research. We have a good understanding of where we're going. We have our avatar and a good understanding of what communicates to them, what speaks to them. Now we can craft that clarified message.

So, one simple sentence that tells your audience what you do, who you serve, why you're different. That's a clarified message. Examples of this on the wedding side. I kind of gave you one in that last lesson where it was like, well, let's tie it directly to the Lopmin photography. And we tied it directly to what was coming through in terms of our client's values and emotional needs.

right? But here's other examples. So intimate, heartfelt wedding images for couples that appreciate modern minimalism. Bold and vibrant imagery for couples who live a life of bold and vibrant adventures. But what if I'm not a wedding photographer? Well, here's portrait examples. Family portraits for moms and dads that love their families in perfectly perfect moments. Intimate, heartfelt family portraits for families who value authenticity.

Bold family photographs or families who love to color outside the lines. All of these work, right? Fine art portraits that capture your furry family member's character. Okay, boudoir. We can literally go through and spend hours here just talking about all the different ideas for clarified messages. So the beautiful part about this is rather than like just keep going over existing.

examples, I'm just going to give you tools to create your own, okay? But what I want you to understand is that the clarified message is the simplest form of compass for basically your ongoing guidance, okay? It's going to guide your website design and branding. It's going to guide your website copy and messaging, your portfolio and image selection, your online and social media presence.

presence, all of it is guided by this clarified message as a compass. And like I said, the backbone to that compass is that description of your audience avatar. Well, it's really your audience avatar, but it's the, the short description is the best, like way to look at it just in a, in a quick overview. Right. So let's go to actually.

figuring out how to get this clarified message, okay? So once again, simple sentence, eight to 12 words, tells your audience those three pieces. It should represent who you are and what you value personally in your business. And I'm giving you an AI prompt. I also included the old prompt here. And anytime I say like, use this as a standalone prompt.

This goes back to kind of the level three prompts that were in the previous version, where like, if you're not continuing a conversation, you'd use this prompt, because this prompt is gonna give it context, it's gonna give it information, you're gonna spell out more, what is my target audience, what are my services, what are my clients' most value? So you gotta give it the context, the information, you give it the role.

thing this would be using this if you want to use a standalone but I'd really like for you guys to move away from that and start using more prompt chains and then ongoing conversations and I'm going to show you as we get to the end of this module we'll save it out so you'll have your first one and then you can create more on your own okay so we're going to use instead is this

one the ideal we continue this dream client ai conversation with this prompt so let's grab this and this is what i mean is if we were to build all of this into a single prompt i find that the answers tend to get um well let me let me drop this in and while this is coming up i'll i'll give it to you so

So whenever I use a single prompt that's like 10 pages long, I find that the amount of time and answer that I get from the AI is generally pretty similar each time, okay? So if I give it a 10 page long prompt, what it does is it gives me answers for everything, but then it tends to be not as interesting.

in depth in each area, okay? What I like doing is these shorter prompts that allow all of its time to go towards focusing on very specific things. So when it gives me something back, it's very specific, it's very in depth. And so here we go. For couples who crave meaning, not performance. R for storytelling, for wildly in love.

non-traditional souls. Feel every moment, not just remember it. Photography that honors who you are, not how you pose. So this has given me clarified messages specifically for London-based elopement destination wedding photography brand. Align with your dream client values and emotions. Guided, not staged. Natural, not stiff. Always for you. Now, I still like the one that we came up with, and if you want, you can give it more.

More specific, like what if we include the word couples so people know we're speaking to wedding couples or people in love, okay? We can give it additional guidance. Great call.

Adding the word couples helps immediately anchor the messaging to your niche. For couples who crave meaning over tradition. So it even like kind of went to one of those things that we came up with, right? For couples who value connection more than... Okay, so I could even say, how about this? What do you think about this one? Couples who value...

Adventure. Authenticity and connection over tradition. That's a strong and aligned message. It hits the emotional tone perfectly for your Ialdanas. Here's why it works. Minor optional tweaks if you'd like. For couples who choose adventure, I like that.

I actually value adventure. I like choose. For couples who choose adventure, authenticity, and connection over truism. I like the choose one. It's a little more, like I said, active, intentional. I love that. For couples who crave connection, not convention, I think it's too short. So I dig this. So I might say, okay, let's lock this in.

now it knows okay that's gonna be my clarified message. Locked in. Perfect. So this is how we go about crafting our clarified message okay is is we're gonna take the ideas that it gives us we're gonna play with it we're gonna reword it a bit and then we're gonna complete it to to get to our clarified message and as always if you have questions

about it just feel free to post it into the group we can we can offer feedback but you'll get so many great ideas directly from this and what we're going to do at this point is you're going to go back to I think it labels it right here so brand and strategy workbook it's tab one my business so we go to tab one which is my business and if you're let me just say

if you're seeing it on my side. I think it might be cut off on the bottom. So just a reminder for those of you that are looking at the brand strategy workbook, if I scroll this up at the bottom you have the different tabs right here. Okay so here's my business and you're just going to go right down to clarified message which is under step two of the program and you're going to drop it in right

here. One quick note is in version 2 I am making updates to the the workbook. Okay we're gonna do those updates like as we go. So the easiest way for you to pull those updates into yours just pull up the Brandon strategy workbook template the link will always stay the same to this template and you're gonna go to whatever tab has been updated.

and click right here under the arrow, go copy to, and you're gonna say existing spreadsheet. This is where you point it to your existing brand and strategy spreadsheet. So like I have a test one that I have set up just for this. So you just click that one, and it's gonna copy it and insert it right into that. We click open, and where it shows up is right at the end. So it goes copy.

of my business so it's not going to rewrite anything you have but you'll what you want to do is if you already have a zero one my business tab with information in it go ahead and copy the information from that tab over to this one and then what i would do is delete the old tab so you just delete it by clicking here go to delete okay and then you can click here and you can go rename

you can just drop the copy of and just put my business and then your new sheet will essentially take the place of your old sheet. You can also move these around because it'll put it at the end of the workbook so you'll likely need to just click and drag it to kind of move it to where you'd like in in your workbook. Okay but go ahead now and complete out the clarified method.

and then we'll jump into the next lesson. Oh, one more thing. I forgot to mention this. Think of a clarified message as something that you can tweak over time. Okay, so what I'm looking for here in your clarified message is not necessarily perfection where we're not going to make any adjustments in it going forward. What I'm looking for is direction. So direction over perfection.

Perfection. Okay, think of it that way meaning like if I had I said, you know for couples who value You know authenticity connection and this over tradition versus couples who choose I would say the choose is more of it Like that's perfection, right? I'm trying to get it. Perfect. But had I gone with value that would have been totally fine, too

We want to go as soon as we have a good direction where we know who we're talking to, we have something that speaks to them, we have something that's enough there, okay? You don't need to sit here and dwell until it's just absolutely perfect. You can do that over time. What we don't want is we don't want your clarified message to just have broad shifts over time where it's like you go from for couples who are

are seeking, like you go from elopement couples to basically like traditional wedding couples. You go from like, say, very classic kind of boudoir to like erotic couples boudoir. Those are huge shifts in demographics that we don't wanna do in a clarified message, but making little refinements.

in that is something that we expect to do over time. So when you have direction, that's enough to move forward. You don't need perfection, okay? All right, with that, let's go ahead and wrap up this lesson. Let's jump now into expanding our clarified message into a vision statement. So the clarified message is your external message. It's clear.

it's concise, this is a client-facing message that defines basically what you do, who you serve, and why it's different, right? The vision statement is an internal statement, so I don't feel like it's nearly as important, but it's still a nice guide and a nice thing to have internally, especially if you're working with someone else or if you intend to hire people.

It's also great if you're just working solo as well to kind of keep your aspirations, your idea of where this thing is going, up somewhere that you can kind of continually review it. So it's an aspirational statement or paragraph that defines your vision for the brand and what it is that you want to achieve. So if this was our clarified message, bold and vibrant imagery for couples who live a life of bold and vibrant

adventures, the vision statement might be something like, our vision at X studio is to be the leading boutique wedding photography studio in Southern California. We strive to capture bold and vibrant imagery. You would say like what your goals are with your client, right? And what the goals are and the vision is for where the business is going. Why do we do this now? It's not something that's like, like.

We ran a business without a vision statement for a long time. It's not like, you know, having one of these is going to be a make or break thing. It just helps to kind of further beef up that compass, um, by helping you to kind of define like this cultural North star. So this, this idea of whether it's one person or 10 people in my business, my culture is moving towards.

this direction. It's our guiding north star. It helps with decision making and alignment as well. So like you're going to get a lot of opportunities to do different things in your business, particularly the more successful you are, the more things are going to come about like in terms of opportunities that might pull you away from the thing that you actually want to be doing. And it's easy to say yes to those opportunities because

because you're like, it's good money, or I want the paycheck. But having the vision statement of what you're trying to create, it gives you a clear guide of like, well, should I take this or not? Should I maybe leave the money so I can focus on what my goals are? If you want to take the money, by all means, go for it. I'm not telling you not to. But having the vision statement there helps to kind of like guide your.

process when it comes to these decisions. It helps in the process of culture and hiring because we know the kind of person that we need to hire. If the person that we hire, if what we're looking for is people that can love our clients the way that we do, if that's part of our mission statement and someone is complaining about their past clients or what it was like to work with someone.

that they didn't like, then automatically we're like, okay, there probably isn't a good fit here. We can see that there's a disconnect. They don't necessarily love the people that they serve. There's a problem there. And also consistency in the client journey. So it kind of helps to define that. So it's one of those things that while we're here, why not create the vision statement? Why not have that as a guide while we're kind of doing this work?

The clarified message is 10,000 times more important. So a lot of you are throwing the vision statements up into the group and like, give me critique on this. And I'm like, honestly, the vision statement is just for you. It's not something that we really need to critique or worry about too much, okay? But it's a one paragraph statement that includes your vision for your brand identity, your ideal clients that you'd love.

serving and the experience you want to deliver. So again, ideal is this, I gave you the standalone prompt as well, but why not just continue the conversation, okay? So I also gave you some sections here where it says, please include the deeper purpose behind what I do this work, which is and include your purpose statement, the kind of impact I want to have, which is.

is insert impact statement, the kind of brand experience, insert brand experience. So I basically told it like, if you don't provide those things, it's gonna try to give you something, but it's ideal if you give it something on your own, okay? So let's go back to the little ongoing prompt conversation. So now we've built that. So the reason why.

How I do this work is, as a father of four, I believe that life's imperfect moments are the things that are worth remembering. Okay, the kind of impact on my clients that I wanna have is

help them remember what matters most in life is not career, money, but rather memories with those they love. The kind of brand experience I want to create, which is one-on-one personalized, we love it.

Love our clients as if they're our own. Okay. And then I press go. Yours can be whatever you want. I'm kind of just throwing in my own ideas here. So here's your vision statement, grounding your personal values. Um, so look, it's even building in those ideas, which I think if you're going to make a vision statement, if.

You're gonna put it somewhere on your website. I actually like those personal details. As a father of four, I've learned that life's imperfect, unscripted moments are the ones that truly matter. Through deeply personal and intentional photography, my mission is to create a space for couples to slow down, connect and capture what's real. Beyond beautiful image, I aim to remind clients that it's not success or status defines a meaningful life, but the love and memories that we share with those closest to us.

Every couple we work with is treated like family and experience is tailored. So if I have an about us page, this isn't going at the top of that page, but it might go like, when I get to a place where I've eventually talked about, you know, who I am and like, what are my values, what are my hobbies, things I like, all those things, they've gotten to know me. And they kind of scroll down and I say like, why did I build my business?

business, this is when I would put in a vision statement into that spot is somewhere like there. Okay, that kind of goes deeper into a clarified message. Alright, hopefully that makes sense to you all. I think it's pretty clear and the AI is going to give you really good guidance in terms of your specific genre. So let's jump into that. I want you to complete the vision statement.

and then go ahead and drop it into your brand and strategy workbook. Let's go back to our, yeah, the original one. So it's gonna go right under your clarified message. This is your vision statement right there. Okay, simplify, make it yours. And when you're done with this, jump to the next lesson. Now, let's name your business. This is of course a.

assuming that you haven't named your business, right? If you've named your business, obviously you can skip this. But in version one of the program, it was funny over the last year, we got all these questions like, what I should name my business? I kind of just assumed that everyone had this one on lockdown. And I was like, that's dumb of me. I should have built that in. So now we're building this in. But what I want you to understand right from the beginning,

is that this is not a decision that's going to make your business and what I mean is there is a number of right choices that you can make here. I do want you to understand that is most certainly an area that can break your business. If you choose a name that's kind of off-putting or just doesn't resonate with your audience, yeah that can be a

breaker and usually those are those are pretty obvious names their names that like could mean something dirty their names that could mean something like I'll give you an example and I don't mean if my alumni hears this I I'm not calling anything out I'm not even gonna use a name but I had one of my alumni ask of like like there they came in and their name was their business name was

Spicy Vision, and that was for a wedding studio. And I was like, you gotta change that. Spicy Vision, at least in the West, very much has a connotation of like spicy films, like adult entertainment. Like that sounds like an adult type wedding photography, or an adult type business. It doesn't sound like a wedding photography business. So, we need to understand that the wrong.

name can definitely break it but there can be many right names and by the way I think the reason why they chose that one is because it was an Indian focused brand so it probably had more references to the colorful nature of the culture maybe the foods I don't know but it might have made sense there it didn't make sense you know used in in Western culture anyway keep

Keep those things in mind as you are marketing, especially those of you that are in areas where you are not just marketing to maybe your own culture, but maybe you're marketing to a German audience or maybe it's to some other country. Maybe you're an expat living in another country and you're marketing there. Make sure...

that the name that you choose works with the people that are going to be basically hiring you, works within the culture there. That's specifically like if you're not a native speaker of the culture that you are running the business within, but I think that's a small number of you. Okay, so let's talk about the idea of using your name for your business. Using your name

So examples of that would be like Jose Villa for weddings, India Earle for elopements, Elena Blair, Danny Diamond for commercial portraits, Sue Bryce, Jen Rosenbaum. All these are names of businesses, right? And a lot of these are friends of mine. And all of these work. Using your name, it simply works. It's tried and true. You might not think it's exceptionally creative, but it works.

benefits to it like it actually builds trust faster if I if I know Jose Villa and I'm like oh this is his brand then I can I can trust that this is a person that he's gonna deliver that this is tied to his name it builds trust faster it's tied to a person so it's great for personal brands and it's honestly probably the easier method when you're

when you're starting a photography business solo, it's just simply to make it your name, right? The downsides of it is that clients would expect you to deliver the service. So it makes it a bit harder to scale if that is your intention. Like if you wanna bring in associate shooters, if you wanna bring in other photographers to deliver on your experience, this makes it more challenging, right? Because, well, you're not the one that's.

with delivering on it, but the business is tied to your name. And I won't say it makes it impossible, but more challenging for sure. If I want Jose Villa to be my wedding photographer, I'm definitely gonna have issues if he sends James Joseph to come and shoot my wedding. I'm like, no, I hired Jose Villa, why are you here type thing? So it's not impossible.

but it definitely makes it harder to scale, tougher to sell or transition the process when you're selling like an associate type service, right? So these are examples. Obviously, if you wanna use your business name, you'd really don't need any help with AI or anything. You simply use your name. Now, using a fictitious business name, there's benefits to that.

this as well it tends to be more scalable so if we do want associates it's easier to bring them in to work under this brand we're selling a brand experience rather than like a like a like an individual like a like a personal brand there's also better long-term flexibility so if I want to simply own the business and manage it then I can do that I don't have to be the one that's also operating

the one that's also shooting, the one that's doing all the other things, right? The downsides is that I should say it's not that it can feel less personal, it will feel less personal because it is not tied to somebody, right? So it will feel less personal which means that a lot more brand development and differentiation is needed to really create that brand experience.

and to create an experience that other people like your associates could actually mimic. But it does put you in a position where you can you know bring on associates easier. So fictitious name examples would be like Wild and Rooted, The Untamed Lens, Oak and Ember Studios, Velvet Light, all these are fictitious business names that all sound quite whimsical.

Whimsically delightful. So what I've done is given you a business name generator. What we're gonna do is continue that same prompt conversation. And I actually am re-recording this video because the first time I recorded it, it crashed. So in the same prompt conversation that you've been doing, I'm gonna go back to, let's see, go back to my,

My GPT, I went and continued and finished out the training. So let me go back to this, which I renamed. I actually renamed it, the brand strategist at the end. You'll see it when you get to the very end lesson. But you're gonna drop this in as the next piece of your conversation. Please forgive that you're not seeing the previous conversation here, because my thing crashed. So I want.

you to drop that in and it's going to continue the conversation by taking everything you've done thus far and start giving you names and ideas for your business. Obviously you don't need this if you're using your your own personal name. I've also given you a version of this as a standalone prompt but I'd rather you just use this one. It's going to get you better results and keep that conversation going. Plus I want

you to to really get comfortable with prompt chaining and with the idea of saving out these conversations so you can continue them, which we're going to do in the next lesson. Be sure once you have a chosen name that it can satisfy all or most of the following criteria. I'm going to tell you the important one. So does it speak to your dream client? Yes. We need

that to be a yes. Is your name easy for clients to remember and recall? Yes, we want them to be able to like, like I don't want it to be supercalifragilisticexpialidocious family portraits, right? Like some of them, they can't, I mean, we can all remember that because of the movie, but something that's too long that they can't remember, let's ditch that. Does the name convey what you do? This is optional.

Right like a like a fictitious name is often not gonna convey what you do The untamed lens might give an idea like photography oaken emmer studios might give like an idea of creative services It doesn't have to so that's why I say like it could be optional You don't always have to have wedding photography or family photography or boudoir photography in the name of the business Especially when the clarified message

is going to come right afterwards. So that one's an optional idea. I do want to make sure these are important. Is a .com or suitable domain available? So we want to make sure that it's available in a .com or maybe a .co, something that's easy to remember, right? We also want to make sure we can claim matching social media handles. We don't want to choose like say

we go up here, we choose oak and ember, and then oak and ember is taken on social media. So we have to be oak underscore ember underscore studios in order for it to work, because then it becomes really difficult to remember how to get to that same place, right? We wanna have matching social media handles. Is the name already in use by another photographer? We definitely wanna check a no on this one.

I'm not too worried about trademark issues because for trademark issues to happen, it has to be someone that has trademarked the name in your specific industry. So it has to be in a competing area and they have to have trademarked it. So as long as you don't see another photographer using it, then we're good, right? Generally.

But if you do see another photographer using it, whether they've trademarked the name or not, I would still skip it because there's a good chance that when people are searching, they're gonna find the other business. There's just no need to even cross that bridge. There's no need to start the conversation. They might reach out to you and say, you gotta cease and desist, you gotta change your business name, you gotta do this, and you're like, but you didn't trademark it. Just don't, don't do it.

If another photographer already has a name, don't do it. So we wanna make sure that we can check a no on that one. Personal connection, does the name mean something to you? This is again, if it's fictitious, right? Going to these names previously, you can always assign meaning to a name after you think of the name, okay? It can always come before too.

But as you're looking at those fictitious names that the AI is gonna generate for you, I want you to work with it until you find something that can have meaning to what you're doing, something that ties to your values, your needs, right? So let's go back to this for just one second, and I'm gonna actually run this. Okay, so I already created a name for this, but I'm gonna go ahead and create a name for it. So I'm gonna go ahead and create a name for it. So I'm gonna go ahead and create a name for it. So I'm gonna go ahead and create a name for it.

I'm just gonna go ahead and run this prompt real fast just to see what it gives you. So here's a curated list of evocative and poetic modern student names tailored for heart and soul of your brand. So, Hearth and Wild, Still and Stir, Ash and Echo, Tether and Tide. So I can always, if I love the ocean and let's say that some of my best memories with my family were created.

created, you know, like we all are just beach goers, that can very much be the meaning that I associate to one of these names. So we want to create meaning behind it, it adds a little more authenticity behind the brand whenever that is possible, it's just a suggestion on that side to create some personal meaning behind it. Okay, that is it for this, let's go on to the final.

lesson, uh, I'm going to show you how to convert this now into your brand strategist, save all this. So you have this ongoing GPT that you can basically use to have brand conversations and get lots of good stuff from, okay. It's time to wrap up this module by leveling up your AI toolkit now. So looking back.

at what we've just done throughout this module is you've basically just coded your first basic AI app. Now when we say coded, the funny thing about this is a lot of people think that coding isn't coding because you're using language, right? No, you're still essentially coding. And I actually used to program way back.

learn programming you are learning the language of programming because computers were limited to the extent of like how you speak to them but as we go forward in the future programming is not gonna be limited to a specific coding language it's literally gonna be through inputs like writing it's gonna be through inputs like speaking through anything so all we're doing though in this process is is is basically

giving the computer, giving the AI, a set of instructions to follow. And we've done that. So you've essentially coded your first basic AI app. And to turn it into an app, to something that you can reuse, essentially, versus just a conversation, all we need to do is basically save it. So that's what we're gonna do now. So now we're gonna end the project. So I'm done with this project, and we're gonna go ahead and save it.

to give it now a prompt to turn this into a set of instructions. So what we're going to do is go back to chat gpt and this is where I would say okay I'm done with our conversation here and what I might do is I might say let's go with north and nest for my business name. So let's just wrap

up that last conversation. Cool. Beautiful choice. I hate, like, I don't know what it is, but AI is so people-pleasing. Like, it's always like trying to, I have to tell it literally not to, like, stop people-pleasing. Okay, so now we drop in this wrap-up instructions thing. So I had a.

Spelling error. All right. And what it's gonna do now is it's gonna give me a tailored set of instructions for itself. So here's your personal instructions on how I, ChatGPT, will respond as your brand strategist. So Northern Nest Strategic Brand Instructions is an elopement destination photography studio based in London, England, Brasville.

values, target client profile, strategic role. Here's the tactical areas of focus. Everything here is ready, right? Okay. So I'm gonna say, is this enough for a complete set of instructions as a project instruction?

Guide or a set of Instructions for a custom GPT, would you want to beef this up for that use? Okay, so it's giving me a mid-level internal project guide or contextual reference okay, so but to

Use a custom GPT or official product brief to benefit from slightly more. Okay, would you like to beef it up? Yes. Let's turn this into a complete set of instructions I can use as a custom GPT or as a instruction document.

for this project okay so generally when I when it comes to like writing custom GPT's I do a lot of the legwork well I have the AI do a lot of the legwork and then I do a lot of customization and then I go back and forth so I'll say okay I got these results

Here's the thing that I would like to adjust, and I'll sit there and input and just bounce things off of the AI over and over until I start getting the results that I want from it. So, but what I'm gonna do now is just basically take this whole thing. Okay, so now it gives me a much more comprehensive guide.

and say, yes, I do want this as a downloadable PDF. Okay, it's gonna take us time to do that, but what I can also do is I can just grab.

this and copy the entire thing right here. When I go back to my client avatar, I can add instructions right here and I'm just going to paste that right in and click save. Okay, now you literally just we not only did an entire

our prompt chain, but we took the set of instructions afterwards, saved it back into the instructions for this project, and now my client avatar, I could rename this and say, North, well, let's not worry about the name. My Brand Strategist.

Save it. And I could say, I could ask any questions on brand that I want any questions, like, like give me 10 topics for SEO driven articles that would appeal to my target audience.

I no longer have to sit here and give it any, I don't have to give it anything else. I don't have to give it context. I don't have to give it anything. I don't have to tell it what I do. I literally can now just give it instructions. Give me 10 topics. How to elope intentionally, a guide for couples who want meaning over performance. 10 quiet,

soulful elopements. And I go, oh, how to elope intentionally. Number one sounds great. Let's build that into a full article in my voice. Absolutely, here's a full draft of article number one. There's a quiet.

and a rebellion in choosing to elope. Not the dramatic kind, not the run off to Vegas secret kind, but the kind where you say, we want this day to actually feel like us. Holy shit. Okay, if you found yourself leaning away, now obviously I would make this my words, but look at this. Like as a guide on how to elope, right? This is so beautiful. Like what if this was.

Okay, can you, I'm getting so, I wanna build this business right now. I wanna build this business. All right, look at this. Now, perfect. Let's turn this into a lead magnet with five key points.

This is how we can completely amplify our business and the way that we approach it, right? So it literally spells out the entire lead magnet right here and then what I could do is go to Canva, okay? And I could look for projects.

or templates and I could say I want a lead magnet. Okay and let's say it's for wedding. Okay I'm gonna pick one that might look good and might be on brand for my style so maybe it's gonna be this one. That looks like it might work.

might fit, and now I literally would just drop in. So I would change the title of this, and I would just start copying and pasting and dropping in from the AI, from ChatGPT. Like, here's my headline for couples who crave a wedding day that feels like them. The five-step guide for couples who want meaning over performance. How to elope intentionally is the name.

This would be a beautiful lead magnet for when someone lands on my website I'm like, here's a guide on how to elope meaningfully like with intention, right? If I if I have a topic by the way, that is more Aligned with like what they need I'll do that, of course But I want you to see that now what we've done is we've created a brand strategist for our business that is

totally aligned with our business, that understands what we want and what we need, and we've saved it to a project. So at any point in time, I can come back to this project and I can simply have a new conversation and it's already trained. It already has everything that I do inside of this already is attached, including my previous conversations and the instructions that I've given to this.

By the way, if you're asking like, what's the difference between this versus a GPT, right? I can create a custom GPT by going a little bit further. So it's not that much different. It's just a custom GPT. I'm going to give it a name, tell it what I do. I'm gonna train it, and then I'm gonna upload like a knowledge base to it. So let's see.

That's not customized, where's my GPTs? Okay, there we go, create. So this is my create GPT, I'm like, what is this menu? So we name it, we give it a description, we give it a set of instructions, and then we upload knowledge bases to it. So you could literally use the same knowledge base that we created, right, as the background for this, and give it a set of instructions.

So a custom GPT is simply multiple knowledge bases with a clear set of instructions that's been tested multiple times to get to a certain result. But it's the exact same process. We just would step into this and go a little bit deeper. We refine it a little bit more and just make it a little bit more tested is kind of a better way to think about it.

Okay so that's the the custom GPT's that I've built in for you. That's exactly what those are. So that's all. All you're going to do now is go ahead and add the instructions to this project. It'll aid in all those future conversations and you know now how to create not only a project but you could take this and expand it into a custom GPT. Honestly I think for working inside of your own world, it's a lot easier than it is to create a custom GPT.

business a project is is more than enough but if you want to start sharing things with other people or if you want to refine further then you do a custom GPT because you can upload multiple knowledge bases to those so this is how I want you to use AI as you move forward I don't want it to be just this I kind of you know

Throwing in questions like a search engine or these one-off conversations I want it to be a prompt chain that you're continuing and when you get to a good place I want you to actually save the results into its own project file so you can continue that conversation You can continue that thing in your business by literally just asking it a question Okay That's

That's it for this lesson and let's go ahead and wrap it up.