Now, let's name your business. This is, of course, assuming that you haven't named your business, right? If you've named your business, obviously you can skip this, but in version one of the program, it was funny, over the last year, we got all these questions, like what I should name my business. I kind of just assumed that everyone had this one on lockdown, and I was like, that's dumb of me. I should have built that in. So now we're building this in. But what I want you to understand right from the beginning is that this is not a decision that's gonna make your business. And what I mean is there is a number of right choices that you can make here. I do want you to understand that it is most certainly an area that can break your business, okay? If you choose a name that's kind of.

off-putting or just doesn't resonate with your audience yeah that that can be a breaker and usually those are those are pretty obvious names they're names that like could mean something dirty they're names that could mean something like i'll give you an example uh and i i don't mean if if my alumni hears this i i'm not calling anything out i'm not even gonna use a name but i had one of my alumni ask of like like they came in and their name was um their business name was spicy vision and that was for a wedding studio and i was like you got to change that spicy vision at least in the west very much has a connotation of like spicy films like adult entertainment like that sounds like an adult type uh uh wedding photography or an adult type business it doesn't sound like a wedding photography

business. So we need to understand that the wrong name can definitely break it, but there can be many right names. And by the way, I think the reason why they chose that one is because it was an Indian focused brand. So it probably had more references to the colorful nature of the culture, maybe the foods, I don't know, but it might've made sense there. It didn't make sense, you know, used in, in Western culture. Anyway, keep those things in mind as you are marketing, especially those of you that are in areas where you are not just marketing to a, like, like maybe your own culture, but maybe you're marketing to like a German audience or maybe it's to like, I don't know, some other country.

like maybe you're an expat living in another country and you're marketing there, make sure that the name that you choose works with the people that are going to be basically hiring you, works within the culture there. That's specifically like if you're not a native speaker of the culture that you are running the business within, but I think that's a small number of you. Okay, so let's talk about the idea of using your name for your business. Using your name, so examples of that would be like Jose Villa for weddings, India Earl for elopements, Elena Blair, Danny Diamond for commercial portraits, Sue Bryce, Jen Rosenbaum, all these are names of businesses, right? And a lot of these are friends of mine. And all of these work, like using your name, it simply works.

because it's tried and true. You might not think it's exceptionally creative, but it works. And there's benefits to it. Like, it actually builds trust faster. If I know Jose Villa, and I'm like, oh, this is his brand, then I can trust that this is a person that he's gonna deliver, that this is tied to his name. It builds trust faster. It's tied to a person. So it's great for personal brands, and it's honestly probably the easier method when you're starting a photography business solo. It's just simply to make it your name, right? The downsides of it is that clients would expect you to deliver the service. So it makes it a bit harder to scale if that is your intention. Like, if you wanna bring in associate shooters, if you wanna bring in other photographers to deliver on your experience.

this makes it more challenging, right? Because, well, you're not the one that's delivering on it, but the business is tied to your name. And I won't say it makes it impossible, but more challenging for sure. If I want Jose Villa to be my wedding photographer, I'm definitely gonna have issues if he sends James Joseph to come and shoot my wedding. I'm like, no, I hired Jose Villa, why are you here type thing? So it's not impossible, but it definitely makes it harder to scale, tougher to sell or transition the process when you're selling like an associate type service, right? So these are examples. Obviously, if you wanna use your business name, you'd really don't need any help with AI or anything. You simply use your name.

Now, using a fictitious business name, there's benefits to this as well. It tends to be more scalable. So if we do want associates, it's easier to bring them in to work under this brand. We're selling a brand experience rather than like an individual, like a personal brand. There's also better long-term flexibility. So if I wanna simply own the business and manage it, then I can do that. I don't have to be the one that's also operating, the one that's also shooting, the one that's doing all the other things, right? The downsides is that, I should say, it's not that it can feel less personal. It will feel less personal because it is not tied to somebody, right? So it will feel less personal, which means that a lot more.

brand development and differentiation is needed to really create that brand experience and to create an experience that other people like your associates could actually mimic. But it does put you in a position where you can you know bring on associates easier. So fictitious name examples would be like Wild and Rooted, The Untamed Lens, Oak and Ember Studios, Velvet Light, all these are fictitious business names that all sound quite whimsical, whimsically delightful. So what I've done is given you a business name generator. What we're going to do is continue that same prompt conversation and I actually am rerecording this video because the first time I recorded it, it crashed. So in the same prompt conversation that

you've been doing. I'm gonna go back to, let's see, go back to my GPT. I went and continued and finished out the training, so let me go back to this, which I renamed. I actually renamed it the brand strategist at the end. You'll see it when you get to the very end lesson. But you're gonna drop this in as the next piece of your conversation. Please forgive that you're not seeing the previous conversation here, because my thing crashed. So I want you to drop that in, and it's gonna continue the conversation by taking everything you've done thus far and start giving you names and ideas for your business. Obviously, you don't need this if you're using your own personal name. I've also given you a version of this as a standalone prompt, but I'd rather you just use.

this one. It's going to get you better results and keep that conversation going. Plus, I want you to really get comfortable with prompt chaining and with the idea of saving out these conversations so you can continue them, which we're going to do in the next lesson. Be sure once you have a chosen name that it can satisfy all or most of the following criteria. I'm going to tell you the important ones. So does it speak to your dream client? Yes. We need that to be a yes. Is your name easy for clients to remember and recall? Yes. I don't want it to be supercalifragilisticexpialidocious family portraits. We can all remember that because of the movie, but something that's too long that they can't remember, let's ditch that.

Does the name convey what you do? This is optional, right? Like a fictitious name is often not gonna convey what you do. The untamed lens might give an idea like photography. Okanemra Studios might give like an idea of creative services. It doesn't have to. So that's why I say like it could be optional. You don't always have to have wedding photography or family photography or boudoir photography in the name of the business, especially when the clarified message is gonna come right afterwards. So that one's an optional idea. I do wanna make sure these are important. Is a .com or a suitable domain available? So we wanna make sure that it's available in a .com or maybe a .co, something that's easy to remember, right? We also wanna make sure.

we can claim matching social media handles. We don't wanna choose, like say we go up here, we choose Oak and Ember, and then Oak and Ember is taken on social media. So we have to be oak underscore Ember underscore studios in order for it to work because then it becomes really difficult to remember how to get to that same place, right? We wanna have matching social media handles. Is the name already in use by another photographer? We definitely wanna check a no on this one. I'm not too worried about trademark issues because for trademark issues to happen, it has to be someone that has trademarked the name in your specific industry. So it has to be in a competing area and they have to have trademarked it. So as long as you don't.

don't see another photographer using it, then we're good, right, generally. But if you do see another photographer using it, whether they've trademarked the name or not, I would still skip it because there's a good chance that when people are searching, they're gonna find the other business. There's just no need to even cross that bridge. There's no need to start the conversation. They might reach out to you and say, you got a cease and desist, you gotta change your business name, you gotta do this, and you're like, but you didn't trademark it. Just don't, don't do it. If another photographer already has the name, don't do it. So we wanna make sure that we can check a no on that one. Personal connection. Does the name mean something to you? This is, again, if it's fictitious, right? Going to these names previously, you can always assign meaning.

into a name after you think of the name, okay? It can always come before too, but as you're looking at those fictitious names that the AI is gonna generate for you, I want you to work with it until you find something that can have meaning to what you're doing, something that ties to your values, your needs, right? So let's go back to this for just one second and I'm gonna actually run this. Okay, so I already created a name for this, but I'm just gonna go ahead and run this prompt real fast just to see what it gives you. So here's a curated list of evocative and poetic modern studio names tailored for Heart and Soul, your brand. So Hearth and Wild, Still and Stir, Ash and Echo, Tether and Tide. So I can always, if I love the ocean.

and let's say that some of my best memories with my family were created, like we all are just beach goers. That can very much be the meaning that I associate to one of these names. So we wanna create meaning behind it. It adds a little more authenticity behind the brand whenever that is possible. It's just a suggestion on that side to create some personal meaning behind it. Okay, that is it for this. Let's go on to the final lesson. I'm gonna show you how to convert this now into your brand strategist, save all this so you have this ongoing GPT that you can basically use to have brand conversations and get lots of good stuff from.