naturally going to pull back and you're going to land somewhere in the, okay, you're doing just about enough right now. But in general, okay, I will follow up with somebody on the phone three times. If I have the time, I will post twice a day to social media. Like, like there's not really a limit to how far I would go. Generally speaking, as long as what you're doing is valuable, as long as what you're sharing, what you're posting, all those things are valuable, the more the better. So error on the other side. Now there's two huge problems here. The we have to recognize that the average person needs eight touches before buying. So if you're struggling with this idea at all, and if you won't accept what I'm saying, then I want you to recognize that like literally studies show that the average person needs eight different touches with a brand before they actually buy something. And that's because the initial touch, they might just start thinking about it. The next touch, they're like, Oh, that's a good idea. The next time they're like, okay, I got to remember to get this. And they have to wait until they're in a purchasing mode before they actually take advantage. Right? Usually that is eight touch points before they actually purchase. And the second part is if we don't provide the audience with this clear call to action of like what's next, then, then they don't know what to do. Right?

So every piece of content that you share should have a clear call to action. Now, what I would generally say is like most of the time your call to action should go into the caption, unless if you're talking like, uh, like I'm going to, I'll give you an example of like viral shorts that are like intended to be funny. Like if you're doing something funny, you can be very direct with your call to action and people are cool with it because it's funny, right? Because you're entertaining them. So let me give you just an example of what that might look like. Uh, I'm going to pull up my Instagram for just a second. My, my Instagram feed is all jujitsu and MMA and photography education. Okay. So if I scroll down on my thing here, you'll see ones like, uh, let me just find it. Okay. This for example, right? This is an example of like a, a viral stitch. Okay. Um, I think that's what typically people call them. You just grab a piece of viral footage. You can literally screenshot someone else.

as footage from your phone. And then what you do is you kind of stitch in the thing that you're doing. So usually it's like an action that fits in with the other one. Because you're entertaining people, you can be incredibly direct with your call to action. Photographers, let me get you to $10,000 a month. It's literally like hyper direct. Here's another one, a viral stitch. Okay. Okay, that hurt. Building your flower business doesn't have to. Okay, if it doesn't fit your brand, obviously you don't need to do these. If you're a serious wedding reporter. But every single one of these, this one got 115,000 views. This is Anwar, a famous comedian. Just hold on a second though. I just wish that for serious portrait and wedding photographers, I wish they knew that we have literally the best community and mastermind available. No, I know. Each one of these is entertaining. And because it's entertaining, it's meeting that, we can be very direct in our call to action.

action. When we're posting a general like behind the scenes to final video type thing, I'd like your call to action to generally go into the caption and to say, you know, you, you put a little snippet about the shoot itself and then, Hey, if you're looking for dot, dot, dot, dot, my, you know, reach out with my link in the bio. Okay. That's enough. Um, if you have a lead magnet though, that ties directly to the video. This is where, again, we can be more bold with the call to action and it won't feel salesy at all. So an example of this, I linked up, uh, Tom. So we've used Tom as an example for several things, but he has, if you go to his website right here, this will pop up 10 things to know about photography while planning your wedding. I love that it's a, it's planning tips, but it's specific to about photography while planning your wedding, right? Now you could take this set of tips, break them into 20, 30, 40 different social media posts. So social media reels, right? Shorts. And then with each one of those, you could say at the end of that, that short, you can say, look, if you want more tips, or if you want to know more about photography while planning your wedding, I have a guide. You can download the link in my bar. You can get the link right in my bio. Okay.

And the call to action makes complete sense because you're telling them in the video, this is what the next step is. I love this. This is, if you wanna, like, once you start kinda cranking on social media and you're like, okay, we're doing good here, what can I do to level up? This would be where I go next. I would develop a lead magnet that becomes a natural call to action after, you know, 50, 60, 70% of my videos, and then I would lead people to that. The reason why is because not only is it this natural next step of providing value, it also allows you to stop renting your audience. I want you to always think this. Anytime we're using platforms, platforms like YouTube, like TikTok, like Instagram, like Facebook, anytime we're using those platforms, we are essentially renting our audience from them. Meaning, you know, the fact that I have, whatever it might be, 160 something thousand, these are not my followers. I'm renting this follower number from Instagram. The algorithm controls how many of them I can reach. It controls, you know, like, I have no control over this. I have no control over who sees my content. If I wanted to reach these people who have at some point said that they're interested in my stuff.

I can't do it, okay? We could pay, obviously, to do it, but what I want you to understand is that these platforms can come and go. They can change things at a whim. So at best, we are renting our audience from them. Now, when you get an email and a phone number and you add them to your list, you're no longer renting. This is now your community. So what I would like you to do is start growing your community here by actually bringing people into your process. You get their email, you collect their information. They're part of your system now, your newsletter, not just this social media platform that we are essentially renting from them. So my favorite way of doing that is basically the lead magnet. Again, your brand strategist will give you ideas there, but let's go to this. I wanna show you just briefly the call to action to leads conversion playbook. And what I mean by this is like wherever somebody lands in my online experience, I'm listing out what the individual calls to actions are and where I want it to go. So for example, if someone lands on my website, out there at the homepage, within the head.

I want them to be able to get to the contact form. So like if they're ready to go, they can click the contact form and then from there I'm calling them, right? I'm making the phone call when they click getting to know you, it takes them to the about page. And on the about page, you have a contact form, which leads me to the phone call. If they want pricing, we take them to the pricing page, which then has a contact form, which then I'm giving them a phone call. You can get the idea here. The ultimate point of contact is the phone call. It's where we want to get to, but each one of these sources, if they get to the website and I offered the lead magnet, okay, so we could actually test Tom's if he wanted to. Let's go back to this for one second and let's click on the example. And Tom, if I scroll, if it's not the case, Tom, we're going to, we're going to send you emails, but as soon as his thing pops up, I'm hoping that to get his lead magnet, he's going to ask me for my phone number. Come on, man. Give me it. Do I got to click another page? What do I got to do? I wonder if, because a.

Cookie, I've browsed his site before, so maybe it's not popping up. Okay, either way, when his lead magnet, there it is. Okay, get my free guide. Pie at srlounge.com. Should we see if he actually calls in the middle of this? Your guide is ready to download. That's perfect. So he got my email, he got my phone number, and then he gives me my guide, right? This is ideal, this is what we want. So collect with a lead magnet, we collect the email phone, and that leads to the phone call, right? I'm gonna have to make sure I text him and say, I was kidding, or I was demonstrating. All right, social media. Look, when it comes to your bio, right, we want something that says something along the lines of like, book me here. It goes to the contact form, again, the phone call. We can also use this idea of like, if you're sharing a lead magnet, you could say comment, and you could say wedding guide, or comment, maternity guide, or comment, elopement guide, and I'll send you this lead magnet. I'm sure you guys have seen those before, right? They'll direct message the lead magnet over, and what I'm generally gonna do is ask for a phone number through the DM.