reach is no longer limited by following. Whereas 10 years ago, yes, followers had a huge impact on your reach, today it does not, okay? And that's beautiful, it levels the playing field. As long as your content is good, it's gonna get served up regardless of how many people follow you, okay? So let's make this very simple. If it's all about average watch time, this is the average percentage of the video that your audience watches, then what it kind of means is if you have, let's just say for example, we have a 10 second video so that these numbers are easy, right? 30% average watch time means on average, people watch it for three seconds. The algorithm goes, that's pretty good. I'll serve this to some people. 70%, they watched it for seven seconds. The algorithm goes, hey, that's pretty great. I'm gonna serve it to even more people. And then if it's 100% plus, maybe it's 150%. That means that on a 10 second video, the average person watched it one and a half times. It goes, this is fantastic. Whenever you get into this range, you're looking at a viral video because it's gonna keep serving it to more people because the average watch time is up. Now what's happening is as it says, I'm gonna serve it to more,

usually happens with the videos, you start off with like 70% and it goes, I'm gonna serve it to more. And it keeps serving it and then your average watch time drops 60%, 50%. And when it gets to a number, nobody knows what these numbers are. These are just ideas that I'm throwing out, okay? We don't know what the specific numbers are. I'm giving you a representation of that. But as it serves it to more people, what eventually happens is it reaches an equilibrium. Or, and when it reaches that space where it's like, okay, we found the audience. People watch it for around this time. We're gonna serve it to only those people that are interested in it. And that's it. Something goes viral when they serve it to more people and your average watch time holds or gets better. Like as more and more people see it, they're like, man, everybody is finding this to be interesting. So we're gonna keep serving it to more. In a nutshell, this is all you need to realize when it comes to like creating good content is average watch time. That's it. And what this should tell you is a video that is fantastic at 10 seconds

is not necessarily fantastic at 20 seconds. If somebody watches a 10 second video for 10 seconds because you made it engaging and interesting, that video will be served to more people than if you make a 20 second video that someone only watches for 10 seconds. So this should point at the idea of economy, economy of words, economy of length, does this concept make sense? I'm hoping so. What it says is we're always better off making a more interesting, more engaging video that's shorter than worrying about making it longer. And if we're gonna make it longer, we wanna make sure that every second of that video deserves to be there. Because if not, average watch time drops and our reach drops. Okay, so knowing the algorithm, now I'm gonna kind of reference back that Jeremy Little case study and we're gonna talk about average watch time and why it's so important to develop the right audience.

study. He's not the jerky guy, right? He's the guy on Instagram or TikTok that tells jokes. So what I want you to think about is this, and if this lights up an aha moment, I want you to jump in the mentorship group and post. Holy shit, I get it now. This is how your own brand can damage you if you get the wrong people following. I want to ask you a question. I want you to think about this. Jeremy has 4.6 million followers. Every one of those are expecting a joke video. The algorithm, when he uploads a video, is going to serve the video to maybe a thousand, two thousand of those 4.6 million, right? Of his followers, it's going to serve that video to a chunk of them, and it's going to read back if they're interested. What happens when Jeremy uploads a video about beef jerky instead of a joke? His own audience swipes past it and destroys his average watch time. Does that make complete sense now? How the wrong association with your brand can...

and actually damage your brand. So his own audience is gonna become a limiting factor in reaching more people if he wants to talk about jerky or about whatever else, anything that is not a joke because everybody there is there for a joke. It's not because they hate Jeremy. It's just because when they see his face, they're like, oh, is it a joke? Oh, it's not a joke, I'm gonna swipe by. So audience misalignment basically means that your average watch time, it drops right out of the gate because your own audience is not interested in what you're showing. Now, if you have like 1,000 people, 2,000, 5,000, 10,000, is it a death nail? Not necessarily because your videos are gonna be served to say a portion of your audience that's interested and it's gonna be served to non-followers as well. But what it says is the followers are gonna depress or suppress your average watch time. The followers are the ones that are gonna lower that number and depending on how many followers you have, like it can be not great. I would say don't concern yourself if you have 10,000 followers.

but they're not the right followers, don't worry yourself about it. I have a hundred and, I think each time I film this, like my follower count drops because initially when I was doing all that testing back in 2020, I grew my Instagram following from like 25,000 people to like 250,000 in about a month and a half by just posting iPhone like tutorials, like how to take better pictures with your phone, right? And then as I'm like, I don't wanna be doing this forever, this was just an experiment. I started just creating business content. And of course the follower number just drops nonstop. Now, truthfully, I would be better off creating a new account that was focused on photography business content than continuing. The thing is that I kind of use my own pie at, pie jersey at Instagram, that account is like my play account. It's my journal, it's like a play account. I'm not trying to develop anything out of that. But if I were, I would most certainly start up a new account because each one of those existing followers, they are unlikely to be there for the reason that I might wanna be talking. And they're gonna depress my average watch time right out the gate. Okay. What I'm hoping you guys understand and take from this outside of like.

Like, okay, now I know how the algorithm works. Now I know like what's going on. I'm hoping you're also gonna get out of this knowing that, okay, Shortform is not just this idea of TikTok or Instagram Reels or YouTube Shorts. These are just platforms. Those can come and go. What you're gonna build in terms of a content library here, what I'm gonna teach you to build, you can publish onto any of these platforms. Like if a new thing comes out and everybody moves to it, we move our library to that new place. So it's not like we're limited in this, okay? I also want you to recognize that none of this is dancing and following trends. Like this is stupid. If you wanna dance, by all means, but you don't have to do this to reach millions of people, okay, to reach or even like just thousands of the right people, okay? And it's not about gaming the algorithm and trying to keep up to date on all these like stupid little hacks of like, oh, use this sound and do this. What Shortform is, is providing value in less than 90 seconds. Something, it's you learning how to communicate effectively and in an engaging way in a short window. And truthfully, this is a skill that has benefited me so much just outside of creating content. When I took what I learned.

I'd been doing content in 2020, I'd been doing content on YouTube for a while, like seven, eight years. So I was pretty confident with how I create content. I'm like, I'm gonna take that and I'm gonna go to ShortForm and learn and apply everything. What I learned from doing ShortForm wasn't just ShortForm content, it was how do I communicate to anybody in a quick and efficient manner? And that is translated to my ability to sell, it's translated to the way I communicate with my friends, it's translated to everything. So this is a skillset that is gonna take you well beyond simply just learning social media, okay? This is gonna grow as a medium too, because it's the easiest bridge content that we have, right? Like I said, it's transferable and that aspect, personally, I think is the most valuable part of this. It's gonna be, yes, it's gonna improve your ability to sell, it's gonna improve your ability to communicate with your wife, your husband, your partner, all of that is gonna improve because you're gonna realize like, oh, I can actually say a lot without saying much. And that becomes really strong.

tool. Okay, so your focus as we move forward, I want you to create content that your audience wants to watch. We're going to focus on watching our average watch time. We're going to focus not on views, but making sure that we're getting the right views. And we're going to build this up and believe me, it's going to come quickly. But I also want you to give yourself some patience, some grace, because there's a learning curve here. I'm going to help you through it as fast as possible. And once you get through it, you're going to be like, I used to hate social media. Now, I kind of like it. I like being able to reach my people whenever I would like. And it's kind of easy. Yeah, we still need to control like, you know, we don't want to be on it all day. There's still downsides to it. But you're going to see the benefits in a way that you haven't seen before. All right, let's jump to the next lesson. Some meat, let's get into some meat, the anatomy of viral content. I want to give you again, we're still talking about that first V and leverage, I probably shouldn't highlight every single V because it could be confusing. But okay, I want to give you some actual tools and ideas just to start thinking about of like, how do we know what good content is? And here's the thing is the first little bit of creating content.