Go on to, it's a new feature that they recently added where like if someone remixes something, everybody has a remix tab now on their profile and a remix video, it's kind of like a share. It shows up on somebody else's remix tab, okay? So think of that as very similar in terms of what it's telling you. Behind the scenes, I really only want you to concern yourself with a couple things. This is the total reach and what I love about this is Instagram does a really great job of they're gonna show it to some of your followers and then they're also gonna show it to non-followers and this is very valuable, right? This is our viral growth capabilities. So you're gonna see like the followers are the ones that if they're not intrinsically interested in what you're posting, like Jeremy Little's, it would have shown it to 56% of his followers and if they weren't interested because he's now talking about jerky instead of jokes, they're the ones that are gonna depress the average watch time because they're all gonna click off and so it's not gonna serve it to nearly as many non-followers because of those existing followers, right? But this will show you the split and the split's more just like it's interesting to see.

Okay, what's really important is just this right here, the average watch time. That's seven seconds. Okay, we want more. So if it's a 10 second video and the average watch time was eight seconds, that's pretty damn good. If it's a 10 second video and the average watch time was two seconds, what happened? That's like, okay, did we not have a hook? Most of the answers here, whenever average watch time is low, we shat the bed and usually the starting point is we shat the bed on the hook, okay? We didn't give somebody a reason to stay. So think about the way someone is scrolling. The way they're scrolling on Instagram is swiping, right? They're going from one video to the next. This is on Instagram on TikTok. $26,000 game. Let me mute this. If I don't instantly see something I like, I'm just like, okay, show me the next one, right? Let me bring this back a little bit. Show me the next one, show me the next one. So if the opening hook doesn't get me, then I land with an average watch time of two seconds. Now, if the watch time is say 15 seconds and the video was 30 seconds long, what that means is you did hook them. You just didn't deliver on them.

on the hook, okay? That means that they kind of found it interesting, but by 15 seconds in, they were kind of like, oh, I'm done. Means that the inside material wasn't as good. Does that make sense? It's so easy to see what's going wrong. If average watch time is limited to like that three to five second range, if all of it is pushed down there, we're like, okay, we have a hook problem. If people are getting halfway through a longer video, 30, 40, 50 seconds, okay, the content could have been maybe faster paced there. Maybe we're spending too much time on, you know, using too many words and we need more word economy. We need to bring it down a little bit. But this is the doctor that points to what the actual problem is with the system. It's the, your analytics are the doctor that points out the symptom of the issue. I think that was a completely bullshit analogy, but that's okay. You get my point. We're not gonna belabor it. Blaber, blaber it. Okay, so if average watch time is low, the hook is likely weak. The material topic itself might not be of interest. If they're getting past it, we know that we have a.

content issue potentially. And then if you've got like this little replays, if replays are high on a video, you're like, oh, I'm hitting something strong with this because people are watching it and they're watching it over again, which means maybe they're showing it, maybe they're watching it more than once themselves, maybe they're showing it to other people. And that's absolutely fantastic. Again, every one of you, your largest and most likely issue when it comes to all this is gonna be this procrastination because of perfectionism. I don't want you trying to perfect anything here. I want you to look for improvement over time, I want you to be publishing, and I simply want you to, over time, check off more boxes. Okay, going back to that checklist that we looked at previously, I don't care that your first video, where was our checklist? We've covered a lot. Okay, look, your first video, might only check off two or three of these. By next week, let's add another box. By the following week, let's add another box. Within a few weeks of doing this, you'll be hitting every one of these boxes and you don't even need the checklist anymore. It'll just come second nature.

Okay, all right now we understand analytics. Let's go forward We're now to the place where we're going to start talking about creating your own short form content So now we're we're not using templates. We're actually going to be creating custom Short form I would say this I would say only when you're ready Do I want you to kind of dive deeper into this rabbit hole? Okay, and for some of you That could potentially mean never I do hope you explore this area because templates will take you a certain distance But what a template isn't necessarily going to do is it's not like It's not a talking head video a talking head video, by the way That's the term that we use for a video like this right where we're literally talking to our audience a talking head video is one of my favorite ways to create custom content because It's a way for you to directly connect with your audience in a way that they're not going to get When you're just using behind the scenes and kind of like template type stuff, right? So I think it's a great opportunity, but again, it's one that I want you to explore when you're ready for it And and dive in deeper. Okay So what we're going to do now is we create these niche keywords, right? We created these topics that would be interesting to our audience

and you house them over here under your brand and strategy workbook, we started placing those niche keyword phrases, topics for content right here. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna utilize the different tools that I've made for you for chat GPT, and we're gonna start creating easy bits of short form content. So let's actually combine a few of those right now. What I've done here is I've made for you a short form script GPT. And what this does is it's programmed to basically help you simply create really engaging short form content scripts. And generally what we wanna do is feed it a piece of content to actually get it to work, okay? You could start from the ground up with it too, but I think it's a lot easier to take this top-down content marketing approach. We already did these SEO articles, these resources for our website. Why not start turning those into actual videos? Okay, so let's go into how to create custom short form scripts. So you're gonna grab any one of those SEO topics or articles that you have from those previous steps, okay? Obviously my workbook here is empty because that's the template workbook. Step one is we're gonna use the.

the short form viral scripter to basically turn any one of these topics into something that your audience is gonna find interesting or valuable. So really all you're gonna do is input your topic, add a few key points, enter the desired length. If you wanna include an ending CTA, again, I like those to be lead magnets. That's optional as well. But let's go ahead and walk through what this looks like real fast, okay? So we're here inside of chat.gpt. This is the short form viral scripter. If I wanted to, and let me just shrink the window so you can see the bottom area. I wish they would bring the initial, that little thing up top a little bit. There we go, okay. Bring this up so you guys can see the bottom. Okay, so what I'm gonna do is we'll start from scratch and I'm gonna go to the brand strategist and I'm gonna say just in one paragraph, define my brand so I can have my custom GPT that designs SEO content understand my audience. Okay, so I'm gonna ask the brand.

Brand strategies, we've done this many, many times, right? Going throughout here. So we ask the brand strategies for basically a paragraph. I'm gonna grab this, and I'm gonna start with the SEO content creator. Let's assume that maybe you don't have those articles yet created. Let's just go from the ground up so you can see it all the way through. So what I'm gonna do is say, give me 10 awesome clickable SEO driven topics knowing this is my audience. Okay, and so we're gonna feed information from one GPT to the next. It gives me this little, thank you so much. Okay, how to plan an intentional elopement that actually feels like you. The best elopement locations for creative souls to hate the spotlight. That's kind of cool, the best elopement locations. I love that. So what I'm gonna do is say, okay, make me an SEO driven article on this one. Let's do five locations.

Okay, and it goes, okay, best low-end locations for creative souls who hate the spotlight. And I can tweak that title. I can say the five best, whatever it is, right? And it looks like it lost my Paris, like this brand that we kind of followed from start to finish, it forgot where we were, right? So my business is only based out of Paris. So I'm just gonna give it that clarification. Let's focus there. Okay, now if I wanna change any of these locations, obviously I could, right? If I have specific locations, if I have specific images, I might change each one of these just to the images that I have. But now what I'm gonna do is jump over to the short form file scripter, okay? And I can do this a number of different ways. If I wanted to do, okay, let's just do this. I'm gonna copy all this. I'm gonna go to the short form file scripter. If I wanna give it the entire thing, I can. I could also, I'll show you a few different ways of prompting this.