I want you to actually use templates. I want you to use templates. I've created a few for you that are free. They're part of the program. There's like 14, 15 of them in there. And then we also have a partner that we'll talk about in a bit for more templates. But throughout all of it, as you're starting and using these templates, I want you to recognize the pieces of good content, okay? So we're gonna talk about those pieces because you're gonna learn the language through basically these templates and through practicing a little bit. First is the three E's of good content. I didn't make this up. This is a marketing thing that's been around for a long time. Some people call it the four E's. They add E's to it. You know, don't care. The original three E's are good enough. What it really means is that good content will either educate, it will either engage, or it will either entertain. Or it can do more than one of those things. And the sweet spot is when you can get content to land in between all of them. So educate is pretty simple, right? It's content that gives knowledge, it gives information. Engage is content that moves people. It's content that maybe ties into like a belief system. Gets them to like, to share, to discuss, comment. Anything controversial falls under the engage kind of section, right? And then entertain, this is fast paced.

visually dynamic, it could be interesting, it could be humorous, it could be dramatic. All of those things would be different ways to entertain. And the sweet spot is when we can kind of land in the middle, like if I were to say something photography related, right? If I were speaking to photographers, not to clients, I might say something like, look, I love Canon and here's what I'm gonna say. I think they're the best camera brand out there and this is why. So I'm gonna educate, but I'm also gonna engage by kind of like giving an opinion that's a little bit controversial and people are gonna be like, no, Sony's the best, no. And we're gonna make it kind of like entertaining, right? So this is an idea of how good content falls inside of the three E's. And by the way, it doesn't mean that you can't just educate, can't just, well, we're not entertainers. A lot of photographers, their content will start out and it's just educational and that's okay. Like it's just helping them in the client journey. But we wanna slowly start making it more fast paced, more interesting and kind of build ways to make it more engaging as well, okay? And it's not as hard as you might think. Then there's the five S's of good content design, okay? This is something that I wrote up just to.

Keep in mind, as you are actually creating the content, that good content is generally short. It's generally simple, okay? Even when we're expressing something that's complicated, we're making it simple. It makes the audience the superhero. This is about helping them on their journey. It's not about why you're awesome, okay? It's shareable. It's something that they could go, hey, this is some great tips. There's good information here. I can share it with somebody else. And it's something that supports your actual call to action, okay? It's related to what it is that you want to be pushing, unlike Jeremy Little's, where it does not support his call to action, right? Okay, the last thing I'm gonna say is that good content will always hook somebody within two to three seconds. What a hook is, it's that first little opening that hooks them, that gives them a reason to stay, that gives them a certain promise of here's what happens if you stay here, and then you deliver on it, right? The thing is that there's more than one type of hook, and I'm gonna give you examples of this. You could have a visual hook. This is like me doing something fancy. It could be a camera movement. It could be me, like, have you seen

at this list, and you'll realize, oh, each of these templates are hitting one or more of the Es. Oh, they're all short, they're simple. They feature the client. Some may be more shareable than others. Shareable often has to do with like the type of content inside, whether it's inspirational or informational in a way someone can share. But you'll see, oh, they all have hooks. And you're gonna see how that language works very quickly. By simply comparing this against the templates so that we can move you to a space where not only do you use templates, but you can also be comfortable publishing your own content. We'll talk about that too. Okay, so what I would like for you to do is to actually test this checklist against each new video that you upload. You don't really need to pause because I just have that same slide. But we're not really pausing. Anytime you upload something, anytime you're about to ready to test a video, I want it to be compared to this. I want you to see if you can check off as many of these boxes as possible. And if you've created a piece of content and you're like, it doesn't check all this, it doesn't mean I don't want you to publish it. Publish it.

Watch how it does. Next time, try to hit more of the boxes, and you'll be like, oh, that video did even better. So I don't want you to look for perfection and be like, oh, I didn't check all the boxes, so I better not publish this. I want you to grow as you go, okay? This is gonna be a thing that comes over time, and I need to get you practicing the language of it, not just waiting to get it perfect. That's never gonna happen. All right, next lesson. Speaking the language of social media. So again, what we're gonna do here is we're gonna start simple. I'd like, before you're creating your own custom content, start with a template so you can learn this language, you can compare it against the list, and kind of begin there. Now, to be able to do this, there's a few things that we need, okay? On every single shoot that you go onto, I want you to make sure that you're getting wide, medium, and tight imagery. I would also add to this portrait aspect ratio, landscape aspect ratio. Some of you are only shooting landscape images, and they don't work well on social media. So, let's get wide, medium, and tight images. Some of you are only shooting tight images, reaction shots, and things like that. We need different angles. We need portrait and landscape. Slow yourself down.

so you can get some variety in each scene that you work with. Okay, other things that work very well are image sequences. If you're doing a little walk, some little cutesy action, whatever it might be, do an image sequence of them doing that, because that by itself can make for a great piece of content, which you'll see later. Okay, before and after imagery. This is a great optional thing. Like if you've got a setup, you can always get a little bit wider, take a shot of it behind the scenes, and then take the final shot. That's a really fun one. And it's very easy to do and put into a piece of content as well. And last is b-roll. I need you to get b-roll. You can use your phone, but I need you to get b-roll. If there's one here that I'm going to like, well, they're all important. I would say if there's two that I'm going to star, it's the b-roll and it's the wide medium tight imagery along with portrait and landscape. As long as you have those two things, you're good to go. But if you can add these image sequences and befores and afters, then that's the icing on the cake. Okay, we had a lot of questions about this. So I want to make sure this was built into V2. Okay, my favorite devices for behind the scenes. I also linked up certain things that you might need.

My favorite device for behind the scenes is just my iPhone. Okay, I use my iPhone. The second favorite is Metaglasses. I'm probably gonna get a pair of those. The thing with the iPhone or just a phone is it's good quality, it's always with you. The con to it is that you generally need a stand or an assistant, and that might hang you up. But look, I do weddings, which means that there's almost always either an assistant or someone that can hold the phone and get a behind the scenes video of something. So that's totally fine. And using a stand when I'm like doing an engagement session, that's not a big deal. But if that's an issue for you, then Metaglasses are awesome. And there's a new version of these coming out too. But look, good quality, it's a great point of view. You have glasses on your face. Now I tried these recently and they were tinted lenses. So I'm actually gonna get a pair of Metaglasses. I'd recommend if you wanna use these just for filming that you get clear lenses because I found that going indoors wearing Metaglasses with tints on them made it hard to see the screen. It also tinted the colors that I was seeing on the camera. So that's a fantastic option. Really great point of view, easy to use, awesome. The only con is basically if you don't like wearing glasses or if they give you headaches or something. Or the Insta360, this is great quality.