these platforms to create actual photos and carousels and the actual text, it just doesn't tend to look good and it doesn't follow a style that you would want. Plus it spells things wrong too. So it's a little bit annoying and it's not one of those things that I would really spend too much time on. Okay, let's jump on, let's make sure we got this. Okay, step two. So before you film the concept, I do wanna make sure that you basically run it back through the checklist, okay? So make sure that it fits the checklist, make sure it has a good hook. Then we're gonna film it if we're talking about a talking head video, right? What I would say with talking head is you don't need to go crazy. Your phone works just fine and it's actually gonna create more authentic, more relatable content. One of the things that I like to say is production is the enemy of authenticity. If you want something to feel authentic, if you want it to feel grounded, high production is the enemy of that. It literally feels the opposite of that. So use your phone, don't light it perfectly. Go on a walk, have a conversation. If you'd like, you can use teleprompter. This is an app that allow you to read from a script while you're actually filming on your phone. So you can literally just look at the front facing.

camera and it'll show you a script where your eyes are right there at the top and you just read off it as it records. And you can also use CapCut to say edit directly on the phone as well. Another app for editing right on the phone is like Videoleap. I would say CapCut is is probably like the standard for this but you can use whatever you you'd like to use. Okay, if you do want to narrate these pieces because one other way of doing it is you can actually narrate and just show images. That's another style of content too, right? We don't have to only do talking head. I'll give you more examples in a bit. But you can grab your shirt. So just grab your shirt or a shirt and put it over the front of the microphone. And it just acts as a pop filter. So if you guys can see this little filter, this little cloth right here, the foam over the mic is a pop filter. And it helps to prevent plosives. Plosives are like sounds. You'll notice that when I'm talking, I'm talking just a little bit above, like one inch above the microphone, which also helps to limit that. Because if I'm talking down here, the likelihood of a plosive is going to be increased too. So it just makes the audio not sound as good. So what I'll do is I'll get a t-shirt. My favorite place to record when I'm narrating something is I'll go into my closet.

clothes around you act as like a natural sound dampener and it's how you can get professional sounding audio straight out of recording into your phone. Put the t-shirt right over this and then just narrate and speak directly above so you're like two inches above the phone and you're just talking straightforward. You can read the script, you can do whatever you'd like here, you can narrate however you want. Most apps like Videoleap or like CapCut they'll allow you to narrate directly into it so if you wanted to you could load up your images into it and then narrate the ideas directly through it as well. There are so many ways of creating content this is not a content course by say I feel like we could spend just 30 hours on how we can create content. What this is is quick and simple ideas on how you can get moving. I want you to get started with all this and then just start asking for feedback. Post what you got to the the group, post online, watch the analytics, you now know what those analytics mean and let's start moving with it. So your last step is post and engage. So check back every now and then. One of the things that people often mention is should we publish through the apps or can we use desktop apps?

My recommendation is always gonna be, I know it's easier to publish through a desktop scheduling app, but they always get dinged, okay? These apps, they always get dinged compared to when just publishing it directly in app on the phone. So it's like, yeah, you can benefit on that side by saving a couple minutes by scheduling these or by doing on a desktop, but by publishing it in your phone, look, the goal of each of these apps is to keep you in the app. So they're trying to create advantages to those that are staying in the app. You might as well post it in the app. Plus, if you're on a Mac, this is very easy. If you're not on a Mac, you have to kind of shortcut it through, say, Google Drive, but on a Mac, it's very easy. You can copy anything. If I press Control C, I can copy something and I can paste it directly onto my phone, right? So if I want, I can just pull up my notepad, just my standard notepad, and what I'll do is I'll write the caption just on my notepad. Let me find where my notepad, oh, it's somewhere off screen somewhere, but I'll write the caption just on notepad, copy it, and then paste it right here so I don't spend a lot of time writing in a caption. So there's a lot of.

like simple things like that workflow wise that you can build in. But my recommendation is generally to publish through the app because it's gonna get more reach and more visibility right out of the gate. And that is your best advantage versus just trying to save a minute or two. Oh, I finally pulled up my notes. Okay, some of you might ask also about like, what about publishing through Instagram? Or I think Facebook has like their own publishing interface. Again, you can test it. You're more likely to get far better results than say publishing through Facebook's direct interface, their meta interface versus like say HubSpot or an outside platform. But I would still test it and see like, okay, if I post the same time and one is just via the meta app through Instagram and one is through Instagram directly and it's the same time, it's similar content, how do the results vary? And if you notice, okay, yeah, I'm not getting as many, then again, go back to the phone. So just give it a test. I don't wanna give a general rule because they can change these things at any time, right? So be aware of it, give it a test and run from that point. Okay, let's just see if we have questions. If you use a.

It's a video to record on iPhone to record your audio. Can you just use that audio in IG? Yeah, you can record audio and just pull that directly over too. So if you're recording audio through video on your phone, you need to use an editing app to pull the audio out basically. But I believe if you drop it into the Instagram editor, you should be able to just to check the video portion and click the eyeball so it doesn't show the video and it just shows the audio. So, but if not, you'll have to strip the audio out basically. How about publishing on Instagram from the computer? Okay, I think we kind of talked about that. Don't publish from the computer unless it's like through the meta interface like we already mentioned that. So we should be good to go. Okay, friends, let's go on to the next lesson. Oh yeah, and pause. Let's create your first set. When you're ready for this, create your first custom piece of content. Let's get it up and start seeing how it does. Let's dive now into kind of a next step of perfecting your hooks, okay? I wanna give you an idea of the different types.

of hook variations there are and kind of just work on making sure that we're building these into each piece of content that we create. Whether we're using a template, whether we're creating from the ground up, the hook is a such an important part of every single video because of going back to the idea of every algorithm wanting average watch time. Okay they want a lot of watch time. So a good hook is what makes it easy and what makes it kind of well desirable for someone to keep watching a video. If we don't have a good hook, our average watch time plummets because people are not actually engaging and watching the material. So making that idea again simple, this is just a brief review of it. If a video, let's say a 10 second video, has 30% average watch time, say three seconds, that's good. If it gets 70% that's even better. It's gonna serve, the the algorithm is gonna serve that video to more people. And if it gets a hundred percent, ten or ten seconds of watch time, or even perhaps more than that, like someone rewatches it, then it's fantastic. It's gonna serve it to more. We don't know the exact numbers of course, but what we know is that average watch time is how

every one of these algorithms work. The better your average watch time on a video, the more it's gonna be served to more people, okay? So this hook is really gonna be your, it's gonna be that main piece of a video where if our, you could have a fantastic video, okay, to give you an idea. You can have an amazing 10 second, 20 second, 30 second video. If the opening two, three seconds doesn't give them a reason to continue, then it's gonna flop. It doesn't matter how good the rest of the material is, the rest of the content, if the hook is not in place, it is always gonna flop, okay? So within two, three seconds, we need to give them a reason to stay, and then we need to deliver on that. Now, as far as hooks go, I would kind of break it down to like five main types. This was, earlier this was three, and I was kind of like, you know, let's include these other versions, and we're gonna give you examples of these. But a visual hook is that something visually interesting is happening as soon as the video loads, right? A text hook might be the text title that you place as soon as the video loads. A sound hook is which sound we're using as say the background track or the audio track of the video. A narrated hook is a hook that.