its client journey would look like. If those ideas are concrete for you, fantastic. If those ideas are not concrete yet, or if you need ideas, jump over to your brand strategist, use that prompt to give you ideas when you're ready to create this nurture sequence. And then once you're ready, you just say, okay, yes, draft them up. And now it's gonna write out those emails. Again, we obviously want to tailor these, customize these, make them yours, and then include them in the CRM. So use the CRM and say, this is gonna be email number one. They're gonna receive this immediately upon getting their lead. Email number two, they're gonna get this three days after. Email number three, they're gonna get this five days after. And you just set the times for each of those. Once again, this is one of those nice things to have. When we look at a sample nurture sequence, when you get to the sales material, when we get to steps 12 through 15, you're gonna learn that the very first rule whenever you get a new lead is to follow the five minute rule. The five minute rule is that you call them back within five minutes. So that is the best form of connection that you can have with.

anybody right so i don't want you to feel pressured like i got to create this nurture sequence right now i want you to think of this as okay down the road when i want to improve my client experience further this is an easy way for me to do that use it as that let's jump to the next video repurpose and reshare workflow or no sorry repurpose and reshare plus workflow that's what i meant to say so look we're here in the leverage framework right now it's understanding that i want you to actually house all of your content in a library where you can easily access them where you can share them and reshare that content over time so what i want you all to realize is as we're creating social media content or even seo content we start with this top-down design right as we're creating all this marketing material it's not like it's one and done you're creating assets that are going to go into a library that we're going to reuse this is also why you know a lot of you are stressing about oh man right now it takes me a couple hours per video not only will that process get faster but as you build this library your need to create new content goes down so after 30 days of this you're like man

I already have a bunch of content that I'd like to republish, to reuse, that I can actually create more of. Once you've got 90 days of this, you're like, oh my goodness, once you've done this for a year, you literally have a library where at any point in time you can republish something that you have. And I'm going to give you rules kind of around it and guidelines for this, but I want you to recognize that there is so much here in terms of repurposing and resharing as long as we stay organized with the content we're creating. Now again, this is not at the front of this entire social media section because repurposing, resharing and workflow, it's one of those things that I want it to come in the process of you actually creating. I don't want you to sit there and try to perfect your workflow before you start creating. So this isn't one of those things that needs to happen like within your first few videos. It's one of those things where you take it as it comes. You're five videos in, you're 10 videos in, okay, now it's time to start creating this library as we move forward and start keeping things so I can repurpose them. So let me start with this, an ideal content calendar. I would love for you, you know, at the beginning, you're not really posting anything. This is

is usually where we are is like Sunday through Sunday or Saturday through Sunday, we're not posting anything. It's not consistent. I want you to start with like two times a week. So make a commitment and go, I'm gonna publish on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Make that your first goal. Then you've got that kind of down and you're like, okay, great, I can do this, I can manage this. Maybe I've done it for a month, I've proven it. Then you go to three times a week and you go Monday, Wednesday, Friday. And guess what? Maybe once a week, you're using one of those previous videos and maybe you're repurposing it like we're gonna show here, right? You've done that for a couple months and you've got that process down, you're consistent. And now you go, okay, I'm gonna up this to five times a week, Monday through Friday. And once or twice a week, you repurpose something from the past, right? I would say five times a week is sort of the ideal. Meaning like if you want the best bang for your buck in the algorithms, generally once a day, Monday through Friday is gonna be ideal. Seven times a week is optional. Anything above five X a week is really just like icing on the cake. There's not really a limit to how much. So I don't want you to waste your life on this, but I do want you to recognize like, each one of these is, this is good, this is great.

Five is ideal. We don't really need to go beyond that. Okay. All right, Teddy Roosevelt. He said, do what you can with what you have and where you are. And we've kind of repurposed this quote to one that I really love. The way that it's usually said today is do what you can when and when you can do more. Okay, so I get it. I get that you're busy. I get that there's a lot of things going on. I'd like for you to commit to something. If all it is right now is committing to, you know, if you're going to go once a week, fine. Go on Wednesdays, go once a week. If you're going to go twice a week, commit to something. So do what you can, when you can, do more. And the name of the game here when it comes to marketing is just consistency. Consistency is always going to be king in this space. So just kind of keep that in mind. Now, here's this thing. Lifespan. I don't want you to constantly create new material. I want you to extend the lifespan of your most engaging content by repurposing and resharing. And here's how we're going to do it. So we're going to talk workflow. So this is, and I'm going to give you a little more concrete example in just a second. But this is my content archive. So this is located on Google Drive. And I can actually.

actually show you. So this is where I house everything. So if I go to My Drive and I go to Content Archive, this is literally everything. This is my personal stuff, my portfolio, visual flow. This is photography short form. This is other types of short form for like other companies that we create. This is long form where our YouTube videos go. Everything is housed here so that it's easy to access whenever I need it, okay? I would highly recommend using Google Drive for yourself as well because I use Apple through my whole ecosystem. But I use Google Drive in conjunction because if I'm on a PC or if I'm using any other phone, then it's easy to access. It's kind of this neutral source where you can access it from Android or Apple devices, okay? All of my behind the scenes images, everything is here so I can use it anywhere. Now the actual workflow, it goes like this. So here's my workflow guide, okay? The day of or the day after your shoot. Why do I do it the day of or the day after? Because I want this to be fresh. The shoot is fresh. What I know were great images, that's fresh. The behind the scenes that I captured, all this is right in my head. Doing it the day after your shoot.

or as quickly as you can after your shoot, is the difference between spending one to two hours on this versus wasting an entire day on this process, okay? So the day after the shoot, we create the Google Drive folder. I've given you a little sample of how it looks, okay? So all I do is I would go underneath, you can put it in any folder you like, but it's the date, and then this one says Johnson Family Portrait. So just a brief description of the shoot, okay? If you wanna name it differently, by all means, I'm just showing you the way that I'm doing this. Inside of that folder, I'll create the following folder structure, and I just copy this. You can create a template folder that's just labeled 000 template, and then duplicate that folder with every single new shoot, and then just rename it to keep it very simple, okay? If you're asking, how do we do this? Well, you literally go into any one of these folders, wherever you plan on putting your content, you just right-click and you put new folder, okay? So anywhere you wanna put your content, you do this. Please keep it all in one place. So one primary folder that houses all of it. Next, you have raw BTS.

Images plus BTS and Shorts, okay? I label it like this, so Final Shorts and whatnot. This is where if you wanna keep all of your behind-the-scenes video for something, like for archival, maybe you're gonna use it, this assumes that you have adequate space on Google Drive, you can do that. I would say this is optional. You don't have to keep all of your behind-the-scenes footage. I used to keep everything, and then I got to the point where I'm creating so much footage that I'm like, you know what? I'm just gonna keep the final bits of behind-the-scenes that I'm gonna use. So I wanna say that this is optional, and if you don't wanna do this, by obviously just delete the folder and label this one 01 and this one 02, okay? The images in BTS folder, this is where I'm gonna place cuts of my behind-the-scenes. So usually I'll put them in little 30-second chunks, like kind of showing a whole concept, and then I'm gonna label the image to follow suit, okay? So behind-the-scenes 01, final image 01. So that way I can easily find them and know, okay, the behind-the-scenes, this is the final image for that behind-the-scenes, and you just have them linked up. So I just use the number to basically link them up so I know which behind-the-scenes.