I might speak out loud. Here's my three favorite dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, right? That's a narrated hook. And a viral hook is an example of like kind of using something else that's getting popular and incorporating it into your video. I'm gonna give you examples of each of these to kind of give you ideas. So let's kind of just take a look. I'm gonna click here and what in the world did my links not go through? Hold on one second. Let me pull up this file actually and if the links didn't go through, I can click it. I'm gonna go ahead and I think on your guys' version of this, well, it might not be, I didn't give you guys the most latest version of it yet, but I will make sure that this is uploaded to the material as soon as we finish. Okay, so perfecting your hooks, interesting. The link is right there, but it didn't load for some reason. Okay, let's give a look at this one. So this, we'll just watch it through start to finish. Okay, so if we pause here, you'll notice that.

It is visually interesting. You see a couple kind of in the water. You see me. It's a behind the scenes moment. So we have a visual hook element. We also have the text hook element, right? The moment versus the image or the moment versus the shot. That's our text hook. There's also a viral element that's also part of the audio element, right? The viral element here is that this audio that's being used and the little viral stitch is something that's quite popular. It's something that's been used quite a bit to say like, look, something's coming, right? We're gonna do a payoff. And so what you see is that this little, well, this is from a movie where Leo kind of, I forget, I think it's like the whatever Hollywood movie. Anyway, this is a viral clip that's been used all the time to kind of point to here something comes, right? And so there's this audio slash viral piece of this where it's just literally edited in. Like you're literally just cutting and inserting this piece directly into the video. Here it comes. Okay, and then you show the payoff and the audio lands with like the timing, the music and whatnot. So it's an example of basically incorporating a visual hook, a text hook.

sound hook, and a viral hook element into a single video. Okay, let's do another example. All right, so this one, another example, visual, text, sound, plus viral. Let's see what this one is. Two, one, five. Three. Okay, so what do we have in this one? We have a text-based hook. The first shot is that three, right? It's a countdown. We have the audio hook as well, where you literally hear the countdown. Three, two, we have visual elements where you're seeing me working, and the behind the scenes, and then we have the payoff, which lands on the drop of the video. Okay? Obviously, whenever it comes to behind the scenes, this, by the way, is following that same viral formula that I told you all about, the one that you can use over and over and over, behind the scenes to final image, behind the scenes to final image. These are just different variations of it. The Leo one, where he says, whoa, whoa, look at this, versus the three, two, one. It's just a variation on that.

exact same concept of behind the scenes to final image, okay? We most certainly want to make sure that the final image that we're showing, the payoff, is actually a good image. And it's actually better, like it's kind of the case that we want the behind the scenes to not look nearly as good as the video itself. One of the interesting things in the audit that we did was one of our alumni had some really beautiful behind the scenes cinematic footage that they filmed with their camera, right? And they were like, can I use this with the images? And the issue is your cinematic footage already looks so beautiful that when you put the image next to it, people could actually argue like they like the footage better than the image. So we want behind the scenes that looks just like how a normal person sees the behind the scenes. We want it to look kind of like junk. We want them to see all the busyness, the distractions, everything about it. And then all of a sudden they see the payoff and how good it is when you create your image. We want that in each piece that we create, okay? Another example, this is a visual plus text plus a spoken or narrated hook, right? So if I click this one, okay, here we go.

Did you know that printing and hanging photos of your children is proven to boost your child's self-esteem? Your photos are meant for more than just social media. Please feel free to share this message. Okay so this was I made this back in 2020 when I was just testing and just trying to figure out this this format and whatnot so ignore the fact that there's three calls to action on this and everything and also I would have said like the better hook in this I actually buried this the better hook in the second line right this is when I'm figuring out all this stuff weekend photo project for y'all did you know that printing and hanging photos of your children is did you know that printing and hanging photos of your children is proven to boost self-esteem that's the actual hook that's the one that's the strongest piece that I that I should have opened on but still when we look at a video like this there is a text-based hook right here there's a narrated hook and then there's also the the visual element this kind of like sped up video of us just basically putting images onto the wall right so we're still meeting each of those criteria as far as there's a visual there's a text and there's a I'm gonna I'm gonna say

Did I say spoken or narrated? Either way, it's the same difference. Okay, I think I was supposed to say spoken. Okay, that's a no for me, not for you guys. So what I want each of you to realize in this process is not to overthink it. Let's actually go back to the actual slide deck so it's not so busy. And oh, weird, it looks like some of those linked and this one is the only one that didn't link. So that's strange. What I want you to think in this process is I don't wanna overthink it. I don't want you to perfect your video like to get the lighting just right. I want you to create videos in places where it's natural to you. This is a video where I'm literally just giving a tip. I'm in the car waiting for my kids and I gave a tip on like, you know, if you're an aspiring photographer. And if you look at the views, as an aspiring photographer, I said, does this resonate? That's my opening hook, right? It got 10.6 thousand views. That's kind of crazy. And look at the engagement, look at the number of shares and views. So it's just an interesting idea and a concept for someone to think about. And I filmed it from my car in five minutes and it got over 10,000 views. That's an insane.

superpower to think of that's literally inside of your pocket that you can take advantage of any time you want, okay? To be able to reach an audience any time you want and you don't need it to get 10,000. If it gets 100, 500 of the right views, then that's great. That's fantastic. But this process can be very simple and a hook can be as simple as wait for it or my favorites from and so and so's whatever shoot, right? It's giving them, it's anything that gives them a bit of context for what they're about to see and why they should stay. Because remember when someone is scrolling in the feed, they're seeing one video after the next. So if we don't build these elements of hooks into the video, there's no reason for them to actually stay. Most people aren't going to stay just to try to figure out what a video means. They're going to click and move past it. So just like I like to start every article I write, every resource that I write, every lead magnet, every course, I always start with the title of that program or the title of that resource, the title of the article. Because from there, it tells me exactly what needs to go inside

of it to deliver on basically this promise, right? To make something that's clickable, something engaging, something has a strong promise, and then from there we deliver on it. The hook in your videos, it serves the exact same purpose. It's there to tell somebody why they should stick around, why they should stay, and then you're going to deliver on it so what you end up creating is not just clickbait. Now I can show you this exact same process. If I were to show you just briefly, I'm going to pull up Drive for one second because I was just working on a new three-day bootcamp that we're going to be doing for our next enrollment cycle, right? The new three-day bootcamp, I'm calling it Leads on Repeat. Now look, the first thing that I wrote is the actual hook, this piece. Over three days, I'm going to show you the exact marketing system we've used to generate 100 plus leads a month and over $30 million in photography revenue over the last 15 years without using paid ads. That's the entire premise. So before I even create the outline, I create this hook and then once I go to the outline, I go