it applies to which final image, okay? And that's it. They're 30 seconds behind the scenes chunks. You can cut them any number of ways. You could use Canva to cut them. You could use anything. One of my favorite tricks as well is when you've got it into Google Drive, here's a little secret that you can do inside of Canva, okay? So inside of Canva, if you go under your projects, okay, and then under folders, you can create as many of these folders as you like. So if you look under mine, I put all mine under SR Lounge for my educational stuff. It's BTS and B-roll. So whatever I cut and I snip here, I'll actually just add it directly to here. And that way it's ready to go. I can use it in any piece of content that I want. So now I've literally have my content and you can put it into specific folders if you want to, but all my behind the scenes stills and B-roll is placed right here. So when I go to like a new project, right? If I'm creating a new project, I can go right to the upload section. I can go under folders and I can go right to, did I just do, oh, this is uploads. Let's do, let's see here, videos.

Those, that's weird that it's only showing the one. Am I logged into the right account? I think I am. Let's refresh that real quick. Oh, okay, I think I have to go under Projects. So if you go under Uploads, this is for actually getting it onto your Uploads section, and then I think I have to go to Projects to actually access it. There's the folders, okay. So under Projects, Folders, we would just go to SR Lounge, and then I can find all of my folders here. So I'm just gonna go down to the BTS and B-roll, and there's footage. So I can now grab footage and just drag and drop that footage in and start creating a video, like whatever video I want. If it's, you know, this is obviously, my footage is for educational purposes, right? But this is how simple it can be to create a piece of content once you have your footage actually organized, okay? So here's little pieces of like me out shooting, and I can put a caption on this, I can do whatever, but it becomes a really simple process. So drop them into your Google Drive folder under Images and Behind the Scenes. Your final images are labeled so you can line them up, and then throw them into, you know, Canva as well. You might as well in the process.

You can organize them into subfolders if you'd like or just put them into one folder. Okay, yeah, you can edit videos inside of Canva. It's pretty dope and it's very quick. When you're doing this at a desktop the day after a shoot, you'd be surprised. You can literally have 10 pieces of done content in an hour when you get this process down, okay? Final shorts, or not done content, but you can have 10 pieces like images plus B-roll all done within the span of an hour. Okay, final shorts. Whenever you finish editing a short, whether it's from your phone or desktop, you're gonna drop it into the folder with a brief description, okay? So the final short is just gonna go under the folder. So that way, again, from any device, if I go up to these shorts, like other shorts, these are shorts that we've done for ourselves, for other brands, let's just pick one. Let's go to, we'll do a short for Adorama, okay? I can go back to any one of these shorts. I can click into it, and there is the final video right here, okay? Instead of this fantastic photo, here's how you can create lightning reports like this one. First, find a dark room. So this.

This makes it so that now that I'm building a library of these assets, once you've done this for a year, you have folders that are absolutely chock full of all of these concepts and ideas and you can start to repurpose and reshare regularly. This is what I want you to realize that a marketing system should be. It's not about just going and creating a simple video for a social media. What am I going to post today? That's not the way that I want you to work. I want you to have in mind, okay, I want to start with something long form. It's going to live on my website. It's going to be an SEO driven article. So you can be like Lucia, who's still booking Disney engagements, having written an article on it months prior, and she's getting tons of these Disney engagements constantly because of that simple article. So you're taking advantage of this top down structure by first going to SEO, you can take advantage of AI and SEO searches, and then you're going down to the next piece. Well, now I'm going to start dividing this into, most of us are going to skip the long form and go straight to short form content. Then we're going to go, okay, now I've got this library, I can start repurposing and I can reshare them. Oh, now I'm ready to build a nurture sequence. Oh, awesome.

This is what a top-down plan actually looks like, okay? So that's the workflow that I'd like you guys to follow. Feel free to tweak and to adjust when you're doing this. Then when it comes to repurposing and resharing, I made a little guide for you. So just watch your analytics, and what you're gonna do is take your best and most engaging content, and you're gonna repurpose it by, well, you could take a popular video or a video that you think could be popular, improve it a little bit, and then just republish it. And honestly, you can do this like every 30 days. You could do it like every seven days. If you're testing something out, you wanna just try it out. But really, within 30 days, nobody even remembers that you published that thing in the first place. So you could actually just republish the same video, make it better, and do that. And you'll find that when we do the audits, as you get to the end of this module and you see this section of audits, that's what I'm telling you to do. Look, this is a great concept. I want you to redo this one, follow the rules, just improve it a little bit with a text hook, with a visual element. Let's just improve it and then repost it. Easy way to reuse material. You could also create a carousel infographic or you can create a read-in-caption style video. So look, you get a high-performing short.

Maybe it's three of my favorite locations for elopements. Three of my, five of my favorite posing tips. Whatever it is, right? We can create either a carousel or an infographic. I'm gonna show you how to do this right now, okay? Let's go right over to Canva, and I just have that, a plain document. This is a plain video document. We're gonna do a second one too. So let's do a create new, and I'm gonna say carousel. Okay, we're gonna go Instagram carousel. And what it's gonna do is feed me a bunch of templates over here on the left side. So under the design column, it says carousel Instagram post. So if you've got five awesome locations for something, you could take any one of these. Pick one that feels like your brand. And usually, once I find a carousel that I like, I kinda stick to it so it looks similar to my brand. So let's say that I'm running a brand portrait. Maybe I'm doing like brand portraits for businesses, right? I'm gonna click apply to all. And all I'm gonna do is say five brand portraits.

Let's just say five, gosh dang it. Must have brand portraits. Okay, extend this a tiny bit. And then go to the second page and be like, number one is this one and why, right? And then you show, copy this page right here and the next page is just gonna be this, delete out everything, drop the image right there. Then you go number two is gonna be this one. So that could be a reel and then you could be like, hey, that reel did really well, I'm gonna go ahead and make it a carousel. And you can repurpose the exact same material into a carousel. And I go, okay, now I'm just gonna go to my BTS, here's my images and I'm gonna drop my image right here. And obviously you'd want an actual brand portrait image. I don't really have one, oh, there we go. So let's say the hero shot. A nice and authentic image of you that people can relate to.

Two. So I'm literally writing this just as I go coming up with like some sort of idea. You're gonna put obviously your info on there. So they go, when they click in the carousel, five must have brand portraits. Okay, the hero shot, oh cool. What is that? Oh, that's what a hero shot is. Oh, awesome. See how easy this is to digest? I'm literally just telling a story, aren't I? The story is, hey, every brand needs these five brand portraits. If you're a, if you want, here's five incredible poses. You know, whatever it might be, here's five locations that I love, you know, for surprise elopements. Anything can go into this that you can repurpose. So if you got a good video that does well, repurpose it. If you think something will do well, repurpose it. This is one way to do that. Here's another one. Another type of video that I love doing is the loop format where you do a read-in caption, okay? I show this in the audits as well when you get to the end of this module. But what I'm gonna do is this is just a new video folder, right? So we're just gonna go back and let's go scroll up here under elements for a second. And we're just gonna look for footage of something. So I would say like, where do I shoot?