Step 10, we are into social media marketing. This one is a doozy. That's why I have drank the coffee. I have, I'm fully caffeinated. Maybe I've got some more stuff in me too. But it's all just to get powered through this section. Now look, I'm gonna give you guys a lot in this module. Okay, what I want you to recognize is that I'm not expecting you to implement everything right away. I'm expecting you to have ideas. And what we're really focusing on is how do we create good social media content. I'm gonna give you other strategies as we go, okay? So topics and pain points that we're hitting today is how do I generate leads through social media? What are easy social media strategies? Which platforms should I be using? How do I set up my social media profile? How do the algorithms work? This is gonna be key to making sure that we don't make mistakes when it comes to uploading content. How do I create good content? And how do I do this without wasting tons of time? Also, how can I maximize these efforts? So we're gonna go through all of this. And really when we talk back or when we think on the leverage framework, this is our framework for.

pop-down content design, right? What you've already been doing is all the SEO stuff. We worked through that in our previous modules. You should have kind of a library of SEO-based ideas going now. So we've checked that off. We have this kind of a library of these great articles, these resources that we've hopefully already started creating. Now what we're really focusing on is how do we viralize them through short-form content? So taking a lot of that same material and creating short-form content around it. That's one concept. We're also gonna just focus on how do we get good templated social media content. I have templates for you. We have other places where you can get good templates, make it really easy. So our focus really throughout this entire module is viralizing with short-form content. How do you create good short-form content? And I'll explain exactly what that is as we go. Along the way, we're gonna touch on all these other points. So we're gonna be talking about, okay, well, do we wanna expand this into potential long-form content as well, like a YouTube video? We'll talk about email and nurture sequences. We're gonna talk about how we repurpose and share these videos, how we build a library around them so that we can reaccess and reupload the same video. So you.

You don't have to, look, after three to six months of creating, I don't expect you to create new videos every single time, I expect you to start repurposing and reusing. We're gonna create a library of these assets so that we can repurpose and reshare them. We're also gonna talk about growing basically your own community through potentially bringing in emails via lead magnets, okay? I'm gonna explain all this as we go. And of course, experimenting and kind of expanding our content buckets. So this module, we're really hitting most of the leverage framework, okay? And we're gonna build upon that first layer with strategic content there. So again, this is fast paced, right? I believe that for this education, for any education to be effective, it needs to be simple, it needs to be short and easy to implement. So I expect you to pause to put this into practice and to repeat. I also expect you to kind of work on one thing at a time. So look, really what I want you to focus on, if this is your first time hitting this module, I want you just to focus on understanding and starting to publish short form content. Then let's add one extra layer to it. Let's say, okay, now I'm gonna kind of, maybe I'm gonna build a lead magnet.

next so I can grow my own community, grow my email list, and have a call to action with these. Then, well, what if I create a nurture sequence? Since I'm bringing people in, I need a nurture sequence now. I want you to work through this process in layers. I don't want you to watch this module and go, okay, I'm gonna try to implement all of this in one go. You're gonna quickly overwhelm yourself. And truthfully, you don't need to. What we really need to be doing is a few things well in our marketing strategy. I'm giving you a lot of different marketing strategies that work very effectively. I want you to pick two or three of these. I don't want you to go, I'm gonna take all 10. I want you to pick a few and lean into the ones that really work well for you, for your personality, and don't overwhelm yourself, okay? Plus, if you ever get stuck, you know, if you're like, what's the ideal next thing for me? Then I'm gonna say between any mentorship sessions, just jump into the group, okay? You can jump into the group. You can go into an open session, ask your questions, ask for feedback, for review. One of my favorite things is when you guys are starting to publish your shorts, get some feedback from your peers. Let me weigh in on some thoughts. We're also doing social media audits every now.

then so jump in on those as well okay and also it's a wonderful place to share those wins and aha moments and all of it okay we're good to go let's jump in the first lesson low-hanging fruit the pinterest playbook so look i'm going to use this term quite a bit so i figure we define it this go around low-hanging fruit to me these are strategies that are easy to implement but they have a big impact on your business on your revenue okay so as opposed to high-hanging fruit which takes a lot more effort to get to right we got to climb we got to reach all of that it's a little bit more risky so i always want to capitalize on these simple and easy to do things that can bring us more business as you hear me you know if i say this is a low-hanging fruit that's exactly what i'm referencing okay this idea so one of the lowest hanging fruits out there and one of my favorite strategies is the pinterest playbook or sometimes they call it the pinterest hack so what you're going to do is we're going to kill two birds with one stone your clients are not only going to constantly feature your work but this is actually going to help you to deliver a better experience and on top of that it's going to they're

they're your clients are the ones that are actually going to boost you on Pinterest. So here's the concept and how it works. All you're going to do is you're going to install Pinterest onto your blog. Okay, feel free to use chat GPT Grok, whatever AI you like to learn how to install the Pinterest plug-in on your website host or platform. Okay, very simple. You go to chat GPT. Hey, I'm using show it. Hey, I'm using WordPress. How do I install the Pinterest plug-in onto my blog? Usually some of these some platforms will have instructions on how to do it as well. But my favorite place to do. I would just just go to chat GPT and ask now once that Pinterest plug-in is installed. I'm going to show you what it does. Okay, so let's jump over here. I'm going to go to the linager. So we'll go to the old blog. And basically anything on the blog. So like if I click into one of these weddings, let's go to one of them that I photographed. We'll click here. Okay. When you mouse over an image, it brings up the Pinterest button, right? You can pin things without this. It's not like you need to have this but what I like doing is installing it because if it's installed you make it part of your process and you're like you tell.

All your clients, like what I want you to do is hop over to the blog and I want you to pin maybe 10 images that resonate with you. Like so go browse through a little bit and pin something. And when they click the button, then it brings up their Pinterest login and they automatically log into it and they're able to pin it easily, right? So that's the point of the plugin is just to make it easy for them to be able to pin these different images. Okay, so what we're doing is we're gonna say during the client planning session, so whether it's by phone, whether it's by email, we're gonna ask them to basically pin 10 images. You wanna do this before the actual planning call, okay? So after they've booked and before the planning call, you say, hey, I'd love for you to pin 10 images and maybe for each one, just write like a couple words about why you like those images, okay? That's it. Now, a big note is to understand that clients, they don't necessarily pin the images that they most value. That's what the wave is for, right? So please don't dismiss the wave and be like, oh, I'm just gonna do this process. The wave creates your value board. This process creates like what resonates in style. So generally when they.

pin things, they're pinning things that resonate. Maybe it's a pose, maybe it's the colors, maybe it's something about the image, and that's why you're encouraging them to share, like tell me one sentence about what you like about this image. It gives you an idea of what resonates. So that's the playbook, and the beautiful thing is that once you are having the conversation with them, you actually can point back to those images in that planning session and really understand their style and what types of images resonate. When you pair that with your value board with the wave, then you know exactly what they want. You know exactly what matters to them. So it really helps level up your game as a photographer, but on top of that, they're actually pinning your images to Pinterest, which makes those images available to everybody that follows them, right? So it's a wonderful strategy, and in our heyday when we were doing this, we would get, I would get all of my friends that are photographers, and they'd be texting me like on a weekly basis, like dude, another one of your images is on my Pinterest, and my bride like pinned it, because our images just flood Pinterest, and it's our clients.