Calls to action, okay? I generally like calls to action to be in the caption below the video. So you say like a sentence about like the shoot, you know, a great session out here, loved working with so and so, here's our amazing team. If you're looking for a wedding, if you're looking for a maternity, if you're looking for a whatever, fill in the blank, click the link in my bio. That's your call to action, leave it in the caption. The reason why we do that, how can you quickly muck up your video? Well, I could quickly muck up my video by going and adding another slide at the end of this and putting my logo on that slide and reach out to me here. Why does that muck it up? If you're thinking it lowers your average watch time, you are absolutely correct because you're gonna add three seconds of length to the video. Nobody's gonna hang around to watch that thing. They're gonna see it and immediately bounce. It gets annoying after a while too if every single one of these videos has a on-screen call to action. Doing it now and then is okay, but it gets annoying after a while.

it's annoying, and you've lengthened the video by three or four seconds, which lowers watch time. So don't do those things, okay? Simple call to action. Look, if you're creating stuff, do you think, and this is my favorite question, because if we go back to Jason's stuff for one second, do you think for a moment that if someone sees this and they want this, they need to have a call to action at the end of every single video? No. As soon as someone sees this and they're like, man, I want this for my son, or I want this for myself, they go, okay, booking info, okay, great. Let me click this. Oh, okay. Now it'd be great if the first link there was book a console, right? That's what the first link should be. Let's take them directly to the place. But they're gonna, if they dig what you're showing, they're gonna click through. We don't need to beat them over the head with a call to action that also damages our average watch time. Okay. Let's jump back here, make sure we got it all. I think we're good in terms of how to use Canva. Dragging and dropping, just make sure you watch the length, make sure you trim it, and then select the area of the video.

video that you'd like, and you're good to go, okay? If you would like to build a CTA into a video, like at the very end of a video, what I'm gonna say is do it sparingly. Maybe one in every five shorts, one in every 10 shorts, you might end it with like, hey, if you're interested, it works better if it's like a talking head video. Maybe you're giving a tip on something. And the way it works best is when the call to action is actually something valuable, because we're gonna talk about that too. So we're gonna talk about lead magnets, and then your call to action isn't, oh, come book me. It's if you'd like to learn more, or hey, if you want tips on planning the perfect elopement, I have a guide, you can download it with the link in my bio. That makes so much sense to put into a talking head video where you're giving tips and value, because now you're saying, here's more value. And in exchange for that value, you're gonna get their phone number and their information. We'll talk about how to do that as we step through these lessons. But those types of CTAs are great inside of these. The basic like, here's my logo, call me up and book an appointment kills your average watch time. Say those types of things inside the caption. If you're interested, you can find a link.

to book an appointment, write in my bio, people will find it. Okay, don't wanna beat a dead horse. What I'd like you to do instead is finish and publish your first behind the scenes to final image. Okay, that formula, it goes, it goes. Okay, so if you want more ready to go Instagram templates, we created a partnership with socialtemplates.co. The reason why was I saw their stuff and I actually started using it myself and I was like, hey, this would actually be, this is pretty powerful. It's not perfect, but this is the best solution we found to like in-app templates that are basically easy to use. And so we created a partnership with them. So the links in this are gonna be affiliate links. So we get some sort of a commission. What I've done though is we've lowered the commission to give everybody, so they basically had like an offer and I was like, what if we just reduce the commission that you give us and you give all of our members 20% off. That's where we eventually landed. So you guys can get 20% off the entire program. If you guys signed up earlier, you guys got a different type.

a promo basically, but that's the ongoing promotion. So what I want you to know is that, I just wanna be completely transparent, we do benefit from you using this at the same time. I'm only suggesting it because I literally use it and it's the only thing out there. So if we find something better, I don't care about the affiliate thing. If we find something better, I'm gonna refer that thing to you right away. I just feel like anybody that's part of our community and they're getting benefit, they should also provide benefit back to the community. So you get it on both sides. You get that 20% off. They have these Instagram reels and basically they have different accounts. So you have the full account, which is like their reel library. You have one for family and one for seniors. It doesn't mean that you can't use these templates for other things, but they basically come preloaded and ready for weddings, family, seniors, and kind of typical portrait scenarios. So if you're not one of those, you might wanna just kind of look and see what they offer, see if they fit. And they also have like month trials and things that you can do too. I believe those promos, like the 20% off is like the best one they can give. So I opted for that and they don't give.

back to anybody else. So it's only our community that has that. But it's very powerful. So basically what you do is you go to the reel that you like, and you can either save it and edit it right in Instagram, or you can use it in Instagram edits in that app. And they give you instructions on basically how to do this. And then you can pick directly off your camera roll and go right into the template and then right into publishing. So as far as easy to use, this is the easiest method that there is. I personally think that eventually Instagram, TikTok, all these platforms are gonna build every single great template right into the app. And when they do, when that's available, you know, I'm just gonna remove this and it'll no longer be necessary. But for right now, it is one thing that I think can help a lot, especially in learning this language, developing your skillset, using templates, getting out there right now until you feel comfortable, or it can be until you're comfortable creating on your own, or it could just be indefinitely, it's up to you. But it's a great place to start. So any of these links will take you there. This 20% off is exclusive to 10K, 2K. It's under friends of Pi, you can click the link. And like I said, if we find a better.

a solution, you'll be the first to know. 100,000% transparency is always my goal. Okay, that was easy. Next lesson. This is the point now where I want you to start paying attention and understanding your analytics, okay? It doesn't mean that we're not to the place where we're creating custom content yet. I mean, we're using templates to kind of like make our own content, right? But now that we're starting to publish, we're using templates to publish, this is the place where I'm like, okay, analytics are kind of your best roadmap to understand what's happening, where your content might be weak. I want you to start learning them, and it's actually very simple to do because as we step into creating custom content, that's where you're gonna really wanna look at these analytics and see like how these videos are performing because you're gonna see the analytics are gonna point glaringly to the issues that the video has. And in every single situation, the issues are gonna line up with that checklist that I gave you before, okay? We're missing pieces on the checklist, and that's why we're not getting something that is working. So let's jump into those because it's actually pretty simple. The two most valuable metrics in my opinion are comments.

This is, I'd probably say maybe this is the secondary one. I would say shares. Shares are showing you what your audience finds valuable. If you post something and you start seeing, hey, there's 10, 15, 20 people sharing this, they thought the idea, the information, the inspiration was valuable enough to share with somebody else. And so it's a really great indicator of, okay, this was something that was very valuable to them. They thought this was very interesting. Most likely they're sharing it with their partners. They're saying, hey, we should do something like this. Hey, we should try this, right? Comments are what people are engaging with, okay? When they feel like they need to leave a thought, an idea there. And if you're getting good comments, what it means is like you're really tapping in emotionally to what they want to see or potentially something that they want to offer a thought on. So I like those two. Behind the scenes, so these are the two most valuable metrics like when you're looking at something. Likes, really not a valuable metric at all. So please don't concern yourself with likes. The other one that's new is remixes. Remixes are kind of like shares.