which makes it a little bit uncomfortable, okay? But still, good example of a talking head style. You guys have seen this one already. This is a behind the scenes to a final image one. Here's another one. This is a timed slideshow example, okay? That's it. You can do this all day long. If you've got nice images, you can do a timed slideshow all day long. Again, I still like to have a little bit of a stronger hook in it, but this totally works, okay? And a lot of like social templates and a lot of the templates that you'll see are our timed slideshows. Here's the editing before and after. And you don't have to make it as fancy as this. It can literally just be a swipe. But oddly enough, a lot of clients really like seeing this. It's not just for, this is under VF presets, but we've posted these for Lin and Jersa. And it's really funny that like clients really enjoy and they engage with this. Especially when you ask an engaging question, like which do you like more? Or you give them like the option between black and white or color, right? Or you show them like, here's what editing looks like. But this is what it does.

Okay, now that's a little bit of a fancy way of doing this. You'll need an editor or someone that has a little bit of experience to be able to do that, but you could just do a swipe. There's plenty of like templates that'll just do a swipe. You can find those in Video Leap, you can find them in CapCut, and you can create a before and after. And again, I don't know why, but the clients find those very engaging when you ask that question of like, you're asking their opinion of what do you like more, and that's really fun. This is those viral stitches and transitions. This is the sliding one. I think you guys saw this earlier. It's fun, it's very engaging. You'll get lots of like comments on it. I would say like, don't build this into your brand. If you're not about the fun and the quirky vibes, like this would be awful for someone like Alfaz to be doing viral slides. That would completely destroy the vibe that he's trying to give. He's trying to give this ultra luxurious and like, you know, Vogue brand. And then you start doing this viral bullshit that doesn't fit the brand at all, right? It kind of brings it down.

So make sure that whatever you're doing, it fits the style of brand you're creating. If it's quirky, if it's fun. One of my favorites too is this objection or belief shifting post. So all it is is a simple behind the scenes video. I'm sitting there, and this is what people think a lot, right, especially this is designed for coaching. But this could be like, you could say, you know, I'll plan the shoot when I lose 10 pounds, right? This could be like, how do I find the right person? Or it could be any belief that is wrong or any myth that you want to break down goes into the box that's red. And then you simply point at the box and you're pointing just in the air because the box you add in the edit, right? But with the timing of the beat, you just switch that over to the right mindset shift. And then you put the rest inside of the caption, okay? So another simple style of content. Okay, yeah, Wes, Wes is watching this live and Wes, those viral pieces would work beautifully within your brand. Cause I noticed that your brand is more authentic.

more fun, more quirky. So you could do that kind of stuff and it would feel very seamless. Tips and captions below, I gave you guys examples of that. This is a messy example of it, but it still does well. So this is five tips in mind when choosing your photo shoot location. So look, all it is is a piece of B-roll. What I generally like for this is, and one of the critique that I gave to the team, because the team put this together based on like my format, right? One of the things that I said was, I like the footage to loop in a way where you don't know that it's really looping. And so that's why I like using stock footage for stuff like this and designing it more like the example I think I showed like this, because you don't necessarily know when it gets to the end, the footage is gonna loop, but you don't really know that it's looping. It's so natural and subtle in the background that it makes the text very easy to read. So this is the same content bucket, but this is kind of the team's interpretation of it. And this is what I mean is like, when you hand something like this to the team, they created this instead of following kind of my guidance of like, well, I would do this, right? And so you really have to have a process very well laid out before it's handed off. Otherwise the...

results aren't necessarily gonna be great. Although in this, I think this one still did pretty well, got decent views, but it could have done much better. Okay, let's go back here. The idea, I want you all to, look, I don't want you to spend tons of time on social media. I have a timer on my phone, and I think because I left my phone on and I actually hit it already. So for Facebook, for Instagram, for every app, I have a timer, it's a one hour timer on social media. And whenever I hit that timer, I'm done for the day. But I do want you guys to spend some time on social media each day. Maybe it's 15 minutes, maybe it's 30 minutes, maybe it's an hour. I factor in also if I'm gonna publish, it goes in that one hour time as well. The reason why is I want you to see different ways that people are communicating and what's effective and what's not, okay? If you'll notice in the photography space, I would say probably 60, 70% of posts follow the same basic format that we talked about. It's that behind the scenes to final image formula that we talked about. But they often have different ways of doing it. There's enough.

There's a number of ways that you can do it and so I want you to see those examples and I want you to see what's working and then experiment and expand your buckets. Play around. When something does well, lean more into it. Understand that you're gonna grow when you go. So again, I don't want you to look for perfection. I want you to go out and actually try things. We don't need to worry about having the perfect feed. Those days are gone where somebody's looking at your Instagram feed and they're trying to make sure every image is cohesive. That's a bunch of bullshit that's gone thankfully because it was garbage, it was, that fed so much into that social media lifestyle stuff that was just I think a plague personally. Get out of your own way, have fun with this. If something doesn't do well, don't worry about it. Revamp it, try it again, use that little guide that we talk about here. The one that you're gonna see is we go through the audits. You're gonna see me using the guide over and over to test and to see like where are the issues with the content and then redo it. If something doesn't feel like it's you, drop it. Try a different content style. Once you've got three or four different types of content in your content bucket, so you got three or four different content buckets going, great, keep up with it and tweak and adjust.

just as you go. Okay, so to catch everybody up, Stephanie's asking about like, would review posts be a good kind of thing to incorporate into like a content bucket? And my answer is absolutely, right? Review posts can be fantastic. Now, we wanna follow the format that we talked about when it comes to creating good short-form content. We still wanna tell a story. We still wanna make it engaging. And I'm gonna give you an example of this. And I'm gonna give Tim this feedback too. But Tim Eirich, one of his review posts just hit my feed today. And I saw it and I wanted to kind of pull it up. So. Okay. Now it's got nice audio that's timed with this. And everything is great, right? The only thing with this is when I click this, I love that he turned a review into a slideshow. But you could probably see the problem. If you're watching this, what do you think the problem would be? I'm hoping. Yeah, yeah, right? Like you can't read this fast enough. It's we see the review, but we can't figure out what's happening quick enough. So we're missing a basically a hook that's gonna bring.

people into it. So we could take this exact thing and let's say for example, it's maybe we record the client saying something nice about our brand, right? You don't want to include the whole thing. What you'd want to do is include one sentence, one powerful sentence they say it's maybe three to five seconds and have a text hook over it that says, wait to see their photos. Then you, you drop and you show their photos, right? And now you've got a viral video that's a review video, but it meets all the criteria of this. So this is, this is great, but you'll find that if, if we don't give it that hook, if we don't give it context, when someone sees this, it's too much. They don't know. They don't know if this is an ad. They don't know if they're going to see photos. They can't even figure out who you are, what it is that you do. None of those things, right? If you're looking for a photographer who's not only talented, but also enjoy to work with a highly recommend Timothy, um, like what he could say is, let's see, let's read the whole thing. Where do I even begin? We are engaged in photos taken by Timothy. Okay. The whole experience was absolutely amazing. That's your line.