wide angle shot of them. And I'm like, I don't know who that is. And if we're building a personal brand, we should make it be personal, okay? So a large, nice portrait of you. Also, it needs to be nice. Like, don't use some shitty iPhone portrait that someone took randomly at some place. Like, let's make the portrait as good as your work, okay? If not, it's just like, why? Why would you, do you not practice what you preach type thing? Then we have our clarified message. For those who crave stunning backdrops and elevated experiences, great. The call to action, he put another line of like, award-winning wedding and family photographer. That's fine. Could we put something else in that might be more powerful? Maybe, but there's nothing huge with this. And then he has the learn more here with the arrow that goes down. Like, look at how easy we're breadcrumbing this, right? The link to the website right here, and he has the verified check. Now, if we're looking at how might we optimize this, these are some of the ideas that I would have, right? Look, the handle is already Mott Photography. We're wasting space by putting it again right here in the title, basically. All we need to do is say, Tom Lebsack. Like, that's it, right?

And then down here, for photography and videography, we've already kind of defined that. It's Mott Photography, and it's for those who crave, like you could say, like if you wanted to specify, like you've already said it here too, right? So these little inline, I believe you can turn this off, this little like category thing, you turn that off in your profile. The reason why we wanna turn off extra things like that is because oftentimes, if someone's on their phone, it'll actually cover up the link. They have to click more. They have to click more to get to the link because you have too many lines here. So we don't necessarily want to have all those lines filled up because it makes it so that way they can't see the call to action immediately. They have to click more to see the call to action. So I don't know, this line right here, I'm kind of like in between, could we maybe connect better, maybe something more personal. This one, the learn more here, I would rather there be like, you know, book a free consultation or taking weddings for 2026. You know, it's like something that's a little more direct, but I'm not, I don't hate learn more here. The other thing I mentioned was crossing out the he him. I would say.

trim this little piece unless inclusivity is a huge part of your brand. Like if inclusivity is a big part of your brand and it's mentioned everywhere, especially if you yourself might be queer, then that makes complete sense to have that there. It's becoming to the point where it's almost like a bandwagoning thing where everybody's just throwing it in there to be like, I'm inclusive, I'm inclusive, and it's losing its meaning if that kind of makes sense. So especially for a lot of people, if it's not part of your brand, it can almost take away is what I'm saying. So that's just thoughts on that, but you guys make the call. I would say most definitely keep it if it is part of who you are and part of your brand. Okay, Viviana's. So this is a sample for a brand portrait profile, right? Great portrait, I love it, got a good laugh, we got a clarified message, branding and headshots that match your impact. I dig it. It's so clear, branding and headshots that match your impact. Now you probably know what I'm going to say and the critique is like, well, if we're saying branding and headshots here, do we need to say branding and headshots here? So clarified message, points down below, book your photo shoot. I love that. I love how clear it is.

So ideas to optimize, right? We already have Viviana Cardenas right here. So if you wanna say branding and headshot photographer here, you can, right? You can do that. Or you could say it right here, but let's not put it in both places. Like what I'd rather see is, if you're gonna put Viviana Cardenas here, remind us it here, put branding and headshot photographer in this spot. And then you can say, I create brand portraits that, you can say, my name is Viviana and I create brand portraits that match your impact, right? So that would be a nice way of making it a little bit different. We obviously wanna monitor like how long it gets and whatnot. I think this is really cute. The dog plus children mom, it shows like little bit about you. Bridgewater, New Jersey, that's okay. Book your photo shoot. I love that call to action right there. And then the link right there. So look, I would say what's more important here than knowing you're in Bridgewater is probably making sure that this isn't too long. Like the call to action shows without having to click the more button. As long as the call to action shows without having to click more.

then include Bridgewater, New Jersey, that's fine. But if you have to click more to be able to see it, then I would say ditch Bridgewater, New Jersey, and just let's aim for having the call to action right there invisible, okay? So this is one of those optional lines that I'm like, it doesn't hurt, it doesn't like help in a ton of ways, but this is how I would kind of go about optimizing the profile. Now, why do we wanna set it up this way? Because someone is going to look at your content and it's not gonna be on the first time, but they're gonna see your content popping up now and then. And as they go, you know what, I wanna look into this, they're gonna click your profile to learn more and we want them to be able to see this and go directly to like your website, directly to the booking process, okay? The best link, by the way, in my opinion, if we're gonna link to someplace is the contact form. So if you're gonna use like a link in bio that has like multiple links, the first place is book a console, like let's get there, right? And that's also why we want those contact pages to be nice, we want them to be, you know, contain a little bit of experience information, that kind of thing, because we might be sending people directly there as a landing page. You can also send them to the homepage too, but I would rather than go straight to that, that call to action to actually book a console, okay?

So, one of the things that Steph asked is like is it important to show location up here for everybody? What I would say as far as location goes is if you're a wedding photographer or you tend to do high ticket work that allows you to travel and do it anywhere, then listing the location really isn't important. If you want to be specifically known in an area or if you only focus on clients in an area, then yeah, location would be nice to have in there. But what I want you to recognize is that you have a lot of space across the board. You have the handle itself, you have the title itself, you have the first line, and then you have space down here. So whatever you're listing in one place, don't duplicate it, right? If we have our name in the handle, don't duplicate it and put it again right there below. If we say branding and headshot here, we don't need to say it again right here. So that's the idea is that you have space to work with. If you feel like location is important because you want to only serve clients in a specific area, then I'm sure you'll have space in your profile as long as you're not being

redundant with this. And the main thing is that we wanna make sure we don't have to click more to see your call to action. Cool? So as long as you have that, I'm totally good with it. Okay, before we start social media, this is an important step, so pause, make sure you've actually set up your social media profile and really, at least one, I'm really talking about like Instagram, but if you wanna add in Facebook, by all means, you can set up more than one. If you wanna add in LinkedIn because you do brand portraits, by all means, but at least set up Instagram. Now, why do we want to viralize? So this is the V in leverage. This is the big meat of this module. Why do we wanna viralize with short-form content? Let's talk about it. So here we are inside the leverage framework. We're really focusing on this step right here. And what we're talking about with short-form content is basically Instagram Reels. Every platform calls it something different. So you have Instagram Reels, you have YouTube Shorts. On Facebook, they call it Reels as well. You have TikToks. It's any content that's basically 30 to 90 seconds or less than 30 seconds, so 10, 15, anything up to like 90 seconds. That's considered like, say, short-form content.

It's powerful. In fact, if I were to give you like the content power chart, okay, the types of content from most to least powerful, the areas that I would focus on, number one is short form content, so reels and shorts. Number two is carousel posts. These do very well. These are swipe posts, like Instagram has them. I believe LinkedIn can also do carousel posts, but carousel posts are nice. They do pretty well as well. Number three would be like stories. This is usually the place that I'll make kind of like my temporary journal, like what I'm doing today. Things that I don't want to live forever inside of my feed, but that I want to be featured in stories. A lot of people browse stories. It's how they connect with you personally. So they're very effective too. Static images. This was Instagram 10 years ago. You just post a single image that looks awesome. This is like, meh, wah, wah, like you don't need to do this anymore. If you really want to post a static image from time to time, fine. Like I'm not going to hammer you for it, but just expect it's not going to do that well. I would much rather you post a series of images, a sequence of images that could tell a story.