Low-hanging fruit, the Pinterest playbook. So look, I'm gonna use this term quite a bit, so I figure we define it this go-around. Low-hanging fruit, to me, these are strategies that are easy to implement, but they have a big impact on your business, on your revenue, okay? So as opposed to high-hanging fruit, which takes a lot more effort to get to, right? We gotta climb, we gotta reach, all of that, it's a little bit more risky. So I always wanna capitalize on these simple and easy-to-do things that can bring us more business. As you hear me, if I say this is a low-hanging fruit, that's exactly what I'm referencing, okay, this idea. So one of the lowest-hanging fruits out there.

And one of my favorite strategies is the Pinterest playbook or sometimes they call it the Pinterest hack. So what you're gonna do is, we're gonna kill two birds with one stone. Your clients are not only going to constantly feature your work, but this is actually gonna help you to deliver a better experience. And on top of that, it's gonna, your clients are the ones that are actually gonna boost you on Pinterest. So here's the concept and how it works. All you're gonna do is you're gonna install Pinterest onto your blog, okay? Feel free to use ChatGPT, Grok, whatever AI you like to learn how to install a Pinterest plugin on your website host or platform, okay? Very simple. You go to ChatGPT. Hey, I'm using show.

Hey, I'm using WordPress. How do I install the Pinterest plugin onto my blog? Usually some platforms will have instructions on how to do it as well. But my favorite place to do it was just, just go to chat.gpt and ask. Now, once that Pinterest plugin is installed, I'm gonna show you what it does, okay? So let's jump over here. I'm gonna go to the Lineager. So we'll go to the old blog. And basically anything on the blog. So like if I click into one of these weddings, let's go to one of them that I photographed. We'll click here. Okay. When you mouse over an image, it brings up the Pinterest button, right? You can pin things without.

about this, it's not like you need to have this, but what I like doing is installing it because if it's installed, you make it part of your process and you're like, you tell your clients, like what I want you to do is hop over to the blog and I want you to pin maybe 10 images that resonate with you. Like, so go browse through a little bit and pin something. And when they click the button, then it brings up their Pinterest login and they automatically log into it and they're able to pin it easily, right? So that's the point of the plugin is just to make it easy for them to be able to pin these different images. Okay, so what we're doing is we're gonna say during the client planning session, so whether it's by phone, whether it's by email, we're gonna ask them to basically.

pin 10 images. You want to do this before the actual planning call, okay? So after they've booked and before the planning call you say, hey I'd love for you to pin 10 images and maybe for each one just write like a couple words about why you like those those images, okay? That's it. Now a big note is to understand that clients, they don't necessarily pin the images that they most value. That's what the wave is for, right? So please don't dismiss the wave and be like, oh I'm just going to do this process. The wave creates your value board. This process creates like what resonates in style. So generally when they pin things, they're pinning things that resonate. Maybe

maybe it's a pose, maybe it's the colors, maybe it's something about the image, and that's why you're encouraging them to share, like tell me one sentence about what you like about this image. It gives you an idea of what resonates. So that's the playbook. And the beautiful thing is that once you are having the conversation with them, you actually can point back to those images in that planning session and really understand their style and what types of images resonate. When you pair that with your value board, with the wave, then you know exactly what they want. You know exactly what matters to them. So it really helps level up your game as a person.

the photographer, but on top of that, they're actually pinning your images to Pinterest, which makes those images available to everybody that follows them, right? So it's a wonderful strategy, and in our heyday when we were doing this, we would get, I would get all of my friends that are photographers, they'd be texting me like on a weekly basis, like, dude, another one of your images is on my Pinterest, and my bride like pinned it, because our images just flood Pinterest, and it's our clients doing it, it's not like we're spending time on this. So this is the automated Pinterest hack, and it works regardless of kind of the genre that you're in, it's a really great strategy. So I gave you a little Pinterest mood board playbook.

Step one is just to connect Pinterest. I already linked up kind of the most common instructions based on these platforms, so you can go check those out. But I also gave you an AI prompt, just how do I set up the Pinterest plugin on my blog and just put in your website platform, okay? Next, you send the email. I've given you that too. I'm trying to give you as much of this as possible. So before the shoot or the talk-through, you send the email instructing them to put together the Pinterest mood board. Obviously, you're gonna find these in the brand and strategy workbook. And I'm not expecting that you just cut and paste this. I'm expecting that you change it, make it your own words, adjust everything however you see fit, but it gives you a place to kind of begin with this, okay?

Okay, and then from there, you're going to talk it through. So we're gonna schedule the talk through prior to the shoot and you're gonna basically connect the wave, you're gonna connect their value board to the images that resonate on their mood board. Okay, so we're not gonna use one in lieu of the other, basically we're gonna use both these tools. Okay, now, looks like there's a question, let me just check it out. Is it good to only add pins to the blog or could it be on the whole website? I mean, you could do this on the entire website, but I think it's generally we just do it on the blog because the reason why is that I don't necessarily like the idea of.

of putting it all over the images on the website because it very quickly allows them to leave the page. When you put it just on the blog, then you're directing them to that place and you're giving them instructions on what it does. When they land on our homepage, when they're getting to know us, we wanna keep them there. So we wanna guide them through the website. So I would encourage you not to actually install it throughout the entire website. That was a great question, by the way. So these on-topic questions, I love them. And just a side note, we film generally, when we add new modules, we're filming them live. You don't need to watch them live, but when we have relevant questions as we're filming live, then they make it into.

the material. Okay, so any other questions, please feel free to just bring them right to the Mentorship Group. Alright, now is this useful for other genres? Yes. Newborns, yes. Maternity, yes. Family, yes. Like literally every single genre. Weddings, of course. Branding, yes. Why wouldn't it apply to branding? It might be a little bit different. Like you might say if it's headshots and it's a very standardized product, right, then we might go okay, like maybe we don't use this strategy when the image is very homogenous, okay, when it's very like just standard.

But even with headshots, if you have different styles, if you have different backdrops, if you cater it to a client, there's nothing wrong with saying, hey, go to the blog and pin a couple headshots that you feel like might resonate with the company's style. Okay, there's nothing wrong with that. For branding, of course, like you're doing brand portraits, editorial portraits, all these types of things. Like I'm thinking of one of our alumni, Carson, right? His imagery, he has these amazing editorial images in all sorts of different spaces, different CEOs, executives, chefs, all this kind of stuff. You absolutely want somebody to go looking through and seeing all the different type of work that you create.

as you do this. Now, if you wanna make it very easy for somebody to do this, you could always put together like a best of blog entry. So like this is my best of 2025, right? And let's say you feature 50 to 100 images. It's like your 100 favorite images that year. That would be a very easy way where you can say, just go check out this best of folder and pick out your 10 favorites, things that resonate with you, your brand, how you wanna communicate to a client. If it's a wedding client, how you want to feel, all that kind of stuff. But you can always make it very simple for them where they don't even have to go looking through multiple blog entries. They can just see like the best of in one as well, okay?

So this is one of those low-hanging fruits where I'm like, you know before we really go deep into social media I think practically everybody should be doing this So this is one where I would say pause and let's get this implemented installed and into your workflow because it's such an easy way of just getting your images out there and also improving your actual deliverable and process that For 99.9% of people this is gonna be beneficial. All right Get to it. Holler if you have questions. I mean holler in the chat GBT on this one if you have questions. If it's technical. It's not technical bring to the group