Okay, so this is one of those optional lines that I'm like, it doesn't hurt, it doesn't like help in a ton of ways, but this is how I would kind of go about optimizing the profile. Now, why do we wanna set it up this way? Because someone is going to look at your content and it's not gonna be on the first time, but they're gonna see your content popping up now and then. And as they go, you know what, I wanna look into this, they're gonna click your profile to learn more and we want them to be able to see this and go directly to like your website, directly to the booking process, okay? The best link, by the way, in my opinion, if you're gonna link to someplace is the contact form. So if you're gonna use like a link in bio that has like multiple links, the first place is book a console, like let's get there, right?

And that's also why we want those contact pages to be nice. We want them to be, you know, contain a little bit of experience information, that kind of thing, because we might be sending people directly there as a landing page. You can also send them to the homepage too, but I would rather than go straight to that, that call to action to actually book a console, okay? So one of the things that Steph asked is like, is it important to show location up here for everybody? What I would say, as far as location goes, is if you're a wedding photographer, or you tend to do high ticket work that allows you to travel and do it anywhere, then listing...

the location really isn't important. If you want to be specifically known in an area or if you only focus on clients in an area, then yeah, location would be nice to have in there. But what I want you to recognize is that you have a lot of space across the board. You have the handle itself, you have the title itself, you have the first line, and then you have space down here. So whatever you're listing in one place, don't duplicate it, right? If we have our name in the handle, don't duplicate it and put it again right there below. If we say branding and headshot here, we don't need to say it again right here. So that's the idea is that you have space to work.

work with, if you feel like location's important because you wanna only serve clients in a specific area, then I'm sure you'll have space in your profile as long as you're not being redundant with this. And the main thing is that we wanna make sure we don't have to click more to see your call to action. Cool? So as long as you have that, I'm totally good with it. Okay, before we start social media, this is an important step, so pause, make sure you've actually set up your social media profile and really, at least one, I'm really talking about like Instagram, but if you wanna add in Facebook, by all means, you can set up more than one. If you wanna add in LinkedIn because you do brand portraits, by all means, but at least set up Instagram.

MBC 뉴스 이덕영입니다.