Okay, time to set up your social media profiles. So look, before we start publishing on social media, we obviously wanna make sure that the actual profile itself is set up properly. Otherwise, it's like we're not really gonna be able to get people to convert to what we're trying to sell them in terms of services, okay? So on every social profile, what I want to see is a nice big portrait of you because for most of us, we're building personal brands. The one exception to this might be if you're building an associate brand, you might instead use the logo rather than say a one single portrait because you're building obviously an associated brand with a lot of different people.

message in there you know I help people with this I do this I create this we want that clarified message there we want a big call to action that goes points straight down to the website okay right there below we either have a link to the website or we use a bio app there's plenty of these like Lincoln biotype apps and we basically want to bring them directly to our contact page we want to bring them directly to the place where they can actually reach out and book an appointment or a consult with us okay and then it's nice also if your account is verified it adds a little bit of extra trustworthiness I would say it's optional but it's a nicety okay and knowing that we have to pay for that I wish there was just a

legit process to get verified. That's an annoying thing. So the basics, without these basics, a profile that includes basically what you do, how to get in touch, then it's like, why are we publishing videos, right? Because if we publish, there's really no way for them to connect the dots. Only somebody that's very, very interested is gonna see a video, not be able to connect the dots on their own. They're gonna go, oh, it's this company, so I'm gonna go and do a Google search. Very few people are gonna actually follow through with that. So let's actually help give them breadcrumbs through this process before we start really heavily publishing. Now, the platforms that I would like you to focus in on, Pinterest, obviously you're just gonna use that Pinterest mood board.

playbook right so so Pinterest is like an automated strategy we're not gonna really spend much time there other than just that strategy that goes into your workflow where I want you to spend the majority of your time is basically Instagram Instagram has always been the ideal place for photography and people looking for photography so it makes it the strongest platform if you want to pair with it Facebook like if you want to publish to a Facebook page as well that's totally fine but Instagram is kind of like the the bread and butter for this and the nice thing too is that your reels like whenever you publish shorts they're gonna be displayed on Facebook anyway so they they display when someone's in Facebook and they're looking at shorts they're actually seeing the the Instagram reels and they can

click over and see those. The other place I would say is if you are a branding or commercial portrait photographer, then LinkedIn would be a great place as well to publish material too. Now for YouTube, for most of you I would say we're really not gonna focus on publishing there. You might want to, like if we create a long form video, we might host it via YouTube and embed it onto our website, but we're not trying to build that platform out unless you're specifically trying to start a YouTube channel, but that's really a different thing altogether. Different business, different course altogether, right? And then TikTok, I would say skip this unless you really just love the platform and the environment there.

The reason is is that a lot of studies have come out to show like TikTok's a really great place if you're selling like a low ticket item, but for high ticket luxury purchases, it doesn't tend to translate. So if you get a large audience, I'm not saying you can't get some of those people to convert what I'm saying is it's just not as effective as say Instagram. And because usually for most of us time is a limitation, I would rather you focus all those efforts on say Instagram versus splitting your time between two places, okay? So for most of us, really what we're looking at is Instagram is gonna be the place where we're spending the most time and where we're publishing the most, okay?

The social media profile guide. So here's a guide to basically help you understand what to put in your profiles. I went through a couple of alumni's profiles. It looked like they already had most everything. So I'm gonna go through what they have, what they did really well, and I'm also gonna give you a bit of feedback and critique as well so you guys know exactly what I'm kind of looking at. So this is Tom Lebsack, alumni, Mott Photography. Great portrait. Like, look at how large the picture is. You can see his face. I hate it when I see a picture of somebody and it's like this wide-angle shot of them and I'm like, I don't know who that is. And if we're building a personal brand, we should make it be personal, okay? So a large, nice portrait of you. Also, it needs to be nice. Like, don't use.

some shitty iPhone portrait that someone took randomly at some place. Like, let's make the portrait as good as your work, okay? If not, it's just like, why? Why would you do not practice what you preach type thing? Then we have our clarified message. For those who crave stunning backdrops and elevated experiences, great. The call to action. He put another line of like award-winning wedding and family photographer. That's fine. Could we put something else that might be more powerful? Maybe, but there's nothing huge with this. Then he has the learn more here with the error that goes down. Look at how easy we're breadcrumbing this, right? The link to the website right here, and he has the verified check. Now, if we're looking at.

at how might we optimize this? These are some of the ideas that I would have, right? Look, the handle is already Mott Photography. So we're wasting space by putting it again right here in the title, basically. All we need to do is say Tom Lebsack, like that's it, right? And then down here, Photography and Videography, we've already kind of defined that. It's Mott Photography, and it's for those who crave, like you could say, like if you wanted to specify, like you've already said it here too, right? So these little inline, I believe you can turn this off, this little like category thing, you turn that off in your profile.

The reason why we wanna turn off extra things like that is because oftentimes, if someone's on their phone, it'll actually cover up the link. They have to click more. They have to click more to get to the link because you have too many lines here. So we don't necessarily want to have all those lines filled up because it makes it so that way they can't see the call to action immediately. They have to click more to see the call to action. So I don't know, this line right here, I'm kind of like in between, could we maybe connect better, maybe something more personal. This one, the learn more here, I would rather there be like a book of free consultation or taking weddings for 2026.

like something that's a little more direct, but I'm not, I don't hate learn more here. The other thing I mentioned was crossing out the he him. I would say trim this little piece unless inclusivity is a huge part of your brand. Like if inclusivity is a big part of your brand and it's mentioned everywhere, especially if you yourself might be queer, then that makes complete sense to have that there. It's becoming to the point where it's almost like a bandwagoning thing, where everybody's just throwing it in there to be like, I'm inclusive, I'm inclusive. And it's losing its meaning if that kind of makes sense. So, especially for a lot of people, it can almost be,

If it's not part of your brand, it can almost take away is what I'm saying, okay? So that's just thoughts on that, but you guys make the call. I would say most definitely keep it if it is part of who you are and part of your brand. Okay, Viviana's, so this is a sample for a brand portrait profile, right? Great portrait, I love it, got a good laugh. We got a clarified message, branding and headshots that match your impact. I dig it, I love that it's so clear, branding and headshots that match your impact. Now you probably know what I'm gonna say and the critique is like, well, if we're saying branding and headshots here, do we need to say branding and headshots here? So clarified message, points down below, book your photo shoot, I love that, I love how clear it is, the link to the website right there.

So ideas to optimize, right? We already have Viviana Cardenas right here. So if you wanna say branding and headshot photographer here, you can, right? You can do that, or you could say it right here, but let's not put it in both places. Like what I'd rather see is, if you're gonna put Viviana Cardenas here, remind us it here, put branding and headshot photographer in this spot. And then you can say, I create brand portraits that, you can say, my name is Viviana and I create brand portraits that match your impact, right? So that would be a nice way of making it a little bit different. We obviously wanna monitor like how long it gets and whatnot. I think this is really cute.

plus children mom, it shows like little bit about you. Bridgewater, New Jersey, that's okay. Book your photo shoot. I love that call to action right there and then the link right there. So look, I would say what's more important here than knowing you're in Bridgewater is probably making sure that this isn't too long, like the call to action shows without having to click the more button. As long as the call to action shows without having to click more, then include Bridgewater, New Jersey, that's fine. But if you have to click more to be able to see it, then I would say ditch Bridgewater, New Jersey and just let's aim for having the call to action right there and visible.