in this live, I want you to guess how many sales he got. And you're probably wondering, like, sales of what? Because I was wondering, sales of what? It wasn't until six months later of following this guy that I realized, Jeremy's selling beef jerky. He's actually selling beef jerky. And so, today, you can go to his account and you can literally see, this is his beef jerky that he sells, look at this, there are 100 sold. I mean, you'd want this to be like 10,000 plus sold, right?

His best offer, number one best seller shop, eight, sold. Zesty Teriyaki Beef, two, sold. This is his number one best seller. It's not like we're selling a high ticket product here. This isn't, you know, $2,500, it's $22. And frankly, for beef jerky, that's cheap, right? Depending on how many ounces you get. Eight. Would any of you have guessed 4.6 million followers and eight sales? Is that insane? To me, that's insane. So the point of all of this is to understand, this is the concept of.

vanity metrics. Yeah, he can say that he's got 4.6 million followers, a billion views, but what is the mother effing point of all of it? Not all views are good views. And you can actually damage your overall brand without a clear vision and focus. And point being, does anybody know Jeremy Little as the jerky guy? It took me six months to even realize the dude was selling jerky. No, everybody knows Jeremy Little and this is not a dig at Jeremy, by the way. I don't know him personally. It's just, I was like, this is a great case study. So please don't go and say anything to him. Please don't do anything. This is just a case study to look at.

Nobody knows him as that and everybody knows him as the guy who tells jokes on TikTok and Instagram and frankly I don't really want to buy his jerky I don't know if it's good I don't know if it's quality I don't know anything about it other than every now and then at the end of his videos he's like he's like he tells a joke hey so little Timmy walks into a bar and does this and then the end the video buy my jerky you're like what the like what anyway I'm gonna tell you why soon in the next lesson why this is such a big lesson I hope already you're like oh my goodness like vanity metrics this is a real thing right but I'm gonna give you

more on top of this as to why this is absolutely insane. And for those that are like, well, what if he doesn't really mention it? Like if you're thinking, maybe he doesn't mention enough. No, like I actually saw and it's in there in the store. And then at the end of a video, usually every few videos, he puts in the call to action of like, buy my jerky. But the idea is like, nobody knows him for that. This goes back to that whole thing that I've been hammering into your heads. Marketing without a properly established brand is capturing water with a broken bucket. Is this not the epitome of a broken bucket? I mean, you're literally holding not even a bucket.

It's like a piece of a bucket underwater and you're like, I'm hoping something's gonna fall in here. No, 4.6 million followers later, eight droplets have landed in his piece of plastic. We've got your bucket good to go. There's one other concept here that I want to emphasize to you as we're going down this journey. You're gonna get frustrated because I'm not getting 1,000 views. I'm not getting 10,000 views. I'm not getting 100, whatever that number is in your head, right? I want you to accept the idea that when I say viralize, I mean it's always in the.

context of reaching more of the right people, okay? And I want you to realize this first. Forgive the weird as hell AI image. I couldn't find another image with 100 people. I wanted to create a representation of 100 views. Now you're watching this. I know every one of you watching right now, if I asked you, do you have the ability to put up a post, a reel, and reach 100 views on social media, I think you would laugh and go, yeah, of course I can reach 100 people on social media. That's not a big deal.

Right? Of course you can. It doesn't matter if you have zero followers. You know that if you put up a reel right now, it's going to reach over a hundred people. Every single one of you, okay? We can agree that it's easy to reach a hundred people and you're going to feel like I'm going to laugh at that number. Like, that's not even anything. True. When you're looking at a room like this, it's not anything. But what if it was a room like this? This is a hundred people. This is a hundred people. They're both a hundred people in the room. What if instead of a group of random people, your content went out and 80% of them were say,

Engaged couples. I told the AI to give me a room of wedding couples because I thought it'd be the easiest to differentiate so this is what it gave me. Okay, don't murder me for this. But it's a representation. What if they are 80 brand portrait people? What if they are 80 family portrait people? What if they're 80 people that want newborn photos or maternity photos? Then suddenly you're like, actually now 100 views is a lot, right? Every one of you right now has the ability whenever you want to stand in front of a group of 100 plus people on social media.

media and share something with them. Now, warning, I'm gonna curse. That is fucking powerful and most of you are not even seeing it. Most of us are like, but I want 100 million views. I want all these people. 100 views is a lot as long as they're the right views. And guess what? You follow the steps inside of here, you follow what I'm gonna give you, you're gonna be getting a lot more than 100 views. But I want you to recognize this is a fucking superpower that nobody recognizes or.

takes advantage of, and we get stuck on the number. How many likes did I get? How many views did I get overall? Instead of looking at, did I get the right people looking at this? Your avatar, that's why we built it. It's the key to understanding what content matters. Okay, what you're selling, who you're trying to communicate with, why the message matters to them. And in short, I hope at this point, you're kind of starting to get clear on like, what type of content will my audience find valuable and interesting? Remember this guy? If I had six hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend the first four sharp on my ax. All of this.

You sharpened your axe so we built the right website, you sharpened your axe so that we can actually create the right content, and now you sharpened your axe so we can go out into social media and target the right people. Now I know the next question is, okay, so what in the hell do I post? It's gonna be really simple, and I'm gonna walk you through the steps of understanding it, and we're gonna start easy, okay? But if I were to simplify it down, all we're doing is we're showing potential clients what you do in a way that's educational, engaging, and maybe entertaining even, okay? This module is gonna be the training and the examples of exactly how to do that. Before we jump into that process in this next.

lesson I want you to understand how the algorithm works in a nutshell because it's going to really clear up how the content that you create should kind of operate how how long it should be and and and what it should be understanding how the algorithm works is going to help bring a lot of clarity to that before we dive into actually creating so let's get that now.