Instagram following from like 25,000 people to like 250,000 in about a month and a half by just posting iPhone tutorials, like how to take better pictures with your phone, right? And then as I'm like, I don't wanna be doing this forever, this was just an experiment, I started just creating business content. And of course, the follower number just drops nonstop. Now, truthfully, I would be better off creating a new account that was focused on photography business content than continuing. The thing is that I kind of use my own pie at, piejersa at Instagram, that account is like my play account. It's my journal, it's like a play account. I'm not trying to develop anything out of that. But if I were, I would most certainly start.

a new account because each one of those existing followers, they are unlikely to be there for the reason that I might want to be talking and they're going to depress my average watch time right out the gate. What I'm hoping you guys understand and take from this outside of like, okay, now I know how the algorithm works. Now I know what's going on. I'm hoping you're also going to get out of this knowing that short form is not just this idea of TikTok or Instagram reels or YouTube shorts. These are just platforms. Those can come and go. What you're going to build in terms of a content library here, what I'm going to teach you to build, you can publish onto any of these platforms. Like if a new thing comes out and everybody

it moves to it, we move our library to that new place. So it's not like we're limited in this, okay? I also want you to recognize that none of this is dancing and following trends. Like, this is stupid. If you wanna dance, by all means, but you don't have to do this to reach millions of people, okay, to reach, or even like just thousands of the right people, okay? And it's not about gaming the algorithm and trying to keep up to date on all these like stupid little hacks of like, oh, use this sound and do this. What short form is, is providing value in less than 90 seconds. Something, it's you learning how to communicate effectively and in an engaging way in a short window. And truthfully, this is.

This is a skill that has benefited me so much just outside of creating content. When I took what I learned, I'd been doing content in 2020, I'd been doing content on YouTube for a while, like seven, eight years. So I was pretty confident with how I create content. I'm like, I'm gonna take that and I'm gonna go to ShortForm and learn and apply everything. What I learned from doing ShortForm wasn't just ShortForm content, it was how do I communicate to anybody in a quick and efficient manner. And that has translated to my ability to sell, it's translated to the way I communicate with my friends, it's translated to everything. So this is a.

skillset that is gonna take you well beyond simply just learning social media, okay? This is gonna grow as a medium too, because it's the easiest bridge content that we have, right? Like I said, it's transferable, and that aspect, personally, I think, is the most valuable part of this. It's gonna be, yes, it's gonna improve your ability to sell, it's gonna improve your ability to communicate with your wife, your husband, your partner. All of that is gonna improve, because you're gonna realize like, oh, I can actually say a lot without saying much, and that becomes really strong as a tool. Okay, so your focus.

Focus as we move forward. I want you to create content that your audience wants to watch. We're gonna focus on watching our average watch time. We're gonna focus not on views but making sure that we're getting the right views and we're gonna build this up and believe me, it's gonna come quickly but I also want you to give yourself some patience, some grace because there's a learning curve here. I'm gonna help you through it as fast as possible and once you get through it, you're gonna be like, I used to hate social media. Now, I kind of like it. I like being able to reach my people whenever I would like and it's kind of easy. Yeah, we still need to control, like we don't want to be on it all day. There's still downsides to it but you're gonna.

and see the benefits in a way that you haven't seen before. All right, let's jump to the next lesson.