Some meat, let's get into some meat. The anatomy of viral content, I wanna give you, again, we're still talking about that first V in leverage, I probably shouldn't highlight every single V because it could be confusing. But, okay, I wanna give you some actual tools and ideas just to start thinking about of like, how do we know what good content is? And here's the thing is, the first little bit of creating content, I want you to actually use templates. I want you to use templates, I've created a few for you that are free, they're part of the program. There's like 14, 15 of them in there. And then we also have a partner that we'll talk about in a bit for more templates. But, throughout all of it, as you're starting and using these templates, I want you to,

I want you to recognize the pieces of good content, okay? So we're gonna talk about those pieces because you're gonna learn the language through basically these templates and through practicing a little bit. The first is the three E's of good content. I didn't make this up. This is a marketing thing that's been around for a long time. Some people call it the four E's. They add E's to it. You know, don't care. The original three E's are good enough. What it really means is that good content will either educate, it will either engage, or it will either entertain, or it can do more than one of those things. And the sweet spot is when you can get content to land in between all of them. So educate is pretty simple, right? It's content that gives knowledge, it gives information.

Engage is content that moves people. It's content that maybe ties into like a belief system. Gets them to like, to share, to discuss, comment. Anything controversial falls under the engage kind of section, right? And then entertain. This is fast paced and visually dynamic. It could be interesting. It could be humorous. It could be dramatic. All of those things would be different ways to entertain. And the sweet spot is when we can kind of land in the middle. Like if I were to say something photography related, right? If I were speaking to photographers, not to clients, I might say something like, look, I love Canon. And here's what I'm gonna say. I think they're the best camera brand out there. And this is why. So I'm gonna.

but I'm also gonna engage by kind of like giving an opinion that's a little bit controversial and people are gonna be like, no, like Sony's the best, no. And we're gonna make it kind of like entertaining, right? So this is an idea of how good content falls inside of the 3E's. And by the way, it doesn't mean that you can't just educate, can't just, well, we're not entertainers. A lot of photographers, their content will start out and it's just educational and that's okay. Like it's just helping them in the client journey, but we wanna slowly start making it more fast paced, more interesting and kind of build ways to make it more engaging as well, okay? And it's not as hard as you might think. Then there's the 5S's of.

Good content design. Okay, this is something that I wrote up just to keep in mind as you are actually creating the content. The good content is generally short. It's generally simple, okay? Even when we're expressing something that's complicated, we're making it simple. It makes the audience the superhero. This is about helping them on their journey. It's not about why you're awesome, okay? It's shareable. It's something that they could go, hey, this is some great tips. There's good information here. I can share it with somebody else. And it's something that supports your actual call to action, okay? Like it's related to what it is that you want to be pushing. Unlike Jeremy Littles, where it does not support his call to action.

Okay, the last thing I'm going to say is that good content will always hook somebody within two to three seconds. What a hook is, it's that first little opening that hooks them, that gives them a reason to stay, that gives them a certain promise of here's what happens if you stay here, and then you deliver on it, right? The thing is that there's more than one type of hook, and I'm going to give you examples of this. You could have a visual hook. This is like me doing something fancy. It could be a camera movement. It could be me like, have you seen those one people videos where they're starting off screen and they slide in? That's a visual hook, right?

It could also be an audio hook. An audio hook would be something like, if you're a bride or groom, here are three common mistakes that I've seen from photographing weddings for over a decade, okay? Or it could be, look, if you're planning your newborn session, there's one thing I want you to keep in mind. That's a hook, that's an audio-based hook, right? Or a text hook. A text hook is like putting something up on the screen that says, wait for it. Or point of view, and it says what it is. It's something that explains the context of what's happening. Again, giving the person a reason to stay. Okay.

I want you to give all this a bit of time. It's gonna sink in, okay? This is gonna become a natural language to you. Right now, it might feel foreign, and that's why I want you to use the guide, the templates, but eventually, you're not even gonna need this. I gave you a viral content playbook here, right? This is your quick little list. As you're looking at the templates, I want you to look at this list, and you'll realize, oh, each of these templates are hitting one or more of the Es. Oh, they're all short. They're simple. They feature the client. Some may be more shareable than others. Shareable often has to do with like.

the type of content inside, whether it's inspirational or informational in a way someone can share. But you'll see, oh, they all have hooks. And you're gonna see how that language works very quickly by simply comparing this against the templates so that we can move you to a space where not only do you use templates, but you can also be comfortable publishing your own content. We'll talk about that too. Okay, so what I would like for you to do is to actually test this checklist against each new video that you upload. You don't really need to pause because I just have that same slide, but we're not really pausing. Anytime you upload something, anytime you're about to ready to test a video, I want.

it to be compared to this. I want you to see if you can check off as many of these boxes as possible. And if you've created a piece of content and you're like, it doesn't check all this, it doesn't mean I don't want you to publish it. Publish it. Watch how it does. Next time, try to hit more of the boxes and you'll be like, oh, that video did even better. So I don't want you to look for perfection and be like, oh, I didn't check all the boxes so I better not publish this. I want you to grow as you go, okay? This is going to be a thing that comes over time and I need to get you practicing the language of it, not just waiting to get it perfect. It's never going to happen. All right, next lesson.