Two, it's less than 10 seconds in total. Yo, you wanna see something cool? It explains one thing. No. Well, I'm gonna do that. One thing. And then it shows. Now, what else is there? There's actually, so there's a text hook there, isn't there? Explaining one thing, flash, explaining another thing. But there's also an audio hook. The audio hook is the song itself. This is where a trending sound can be potentially useful. The reason why it's useful is because a lot of people have already heard this sound and they know that there's a drop in the song, right? And so what they're gonna do.

is they're gonna wait for the drop because when they see you show behind the scenes and they see this, they're gonna go, oh, there must be a reveal, there must be a payoff. So they wait for the drop in the song and as they wait for a drop because they're trained to do that, what does it do to average watch time? Well, it lifts your average watch time, right? So editing these are very simple. The only thing that I would note here is when you're, so if I go to just look at videos that I have, right? These videos aren't gonna necessarily sync up, but let's grab this video. The only thing that I would, actually that video is a video by itself. Let's use this one. The only other dimension is when you grab a video, like this one's 14 seconds and this one is.

is, what is this, 1.9 seconds, right? It's going to adjust the time to this new length. So see how it adjusted the time to that new length. I'm gonna pause this so it doesn't keep going. So the important thing to remember is to click on this and just trim it right here to 1.9. Okay, you trim it to 1.9 and then you use this little slider to move it around as to like which 1.9 seconds you want it to be, okay? So that's the main thing is just make sure that you actually trim it. I think I actually did this on two layers instead of one layer. So there we go.

So you select this, I wish it did not play it every time I clicked it. You go 1.9 seconds, okay, hit enter, and then you just move this around to the correct 1.9 seconds, and then you're good to go. So basically what I'm saying is make a mental note, this is two seconds, so when you drop the new one in, it's two seconds, adjust that back at two seconds. When you do that, let's mute this as well. I'm gonna mute the audio on this one. Yo, you wanna see something cool? No. Okay, when you do that, then it lines up back with the audio in the background.

Okay, I know there's a little bit of quirks in this process. It's a little bit annoying, but it's still much, much faster than creating this on your own. And with the templates, it allows me to show you kind of how this, what good content might look like, okay? Obviously you'd change, you can double click and you can change any of the text, the copy. You can change the style of it. You can move it around. You can have a point of different things. You could delete it. Like if you're like, oh, I don't need these two pieces for the video. I'm gonna just delete these off and you're good to do that too. I would recommend some form of a text hook though. Like the text hook could be, wait for it. The text hook could be, you know, check out the final shot. The text hook could be, join me behind the scenes. Like have some sort of a.

a hook there to like let them know something's coming. Okay, so that when someone sees it, they stay on the video. All right, let's jump back here and make sure we got everything. So yeah, when you wanna download, you click share and you go to download and then you go MP4 video and then you just do 1080p quality. You could up it to 4K if you wanted to, but you don't need to. The one thing I wanna mention was make sure you deselect the instructions page every time you do this. So every one of the templates will have an instruction page. Make sure you don't select the instruction page when you download it, obviously. Okay, you hit done and then you hit download. It'll automatically save it out as your video and you're good to go.

you've got really cool videos with all these templates. And you can use the same template multiple times, by the way. You could also even swap out the audio and everything if you wanted to. But start with what we have, play with it, and then you're gonna go ahead and upload it to the platform of choosing, which usually for most of you, it's gonna be Instagram. Okay. Yes, for the most part, by the way, these are all, I think we tried to use assets in this that can all be used with free accounts. So if you'll notice back on the brand strategist, it says free versus pro, every one of these should be using free assets. So you guys can use these whether you have a free or pro account. Okay.

Play with these. It's a good place to start. Holler if you have any issues or better yet, technical issues, chat GPT. But yeah, hopefully this video will give you a complete guide on exactly how to go through those. And then you're going to pause. I want you to finish and publish your first short form video. All right. Feel free to post. I'd love to see when you have that video ready to go. I'd love to check it out. What I don't recommend doing, by the way, is heavily modifying these templates, extending out time because you're like, oh man, I want to show more behind the scenes. Don't lose what we've already created for you in those templates. The quick shortness, the engagement, the entertaining aspect of it, the synced up to the beat.

and all that. Let's not modify until you kind of have a good grasp of the language. All right, let's jump to the next lesson.