So the easiest viral content formula for photographers. We're in a space where this is so incredibly simple and this formula works nonstop. You can hit this formula as much as you want on social media. You ready for this? Behind the scenes and a final image. Okay, show what it is behind the scenes and then show a final image. Less than 10 seconds. It's simple, it's interesting, it's engaging. It shows your audience.

exactly what you do. It meets all of the criteria. It makes your subject the superhero too because they are the subject of the final image. They're the superhero. It's also very shareable. When someone sees something cool they like, they click that share button. Hey, we should do a shoot like this. Hey, let's go and reach out to them. I wanna do this too. BTS plus final image. This is so incredibly simple. I'm gonna show you how to level it up a little bit. We're gonna level it up with a text and visual hook and make sure that there's.

It's an audio track that kind of leads people to that payoff. So again, ideas that we've been talking about of like how to do this, right? I'm going to give you an example, Rocktown Media. He has built an entire brand. He's approaching a million followers right now of all the right followers and this is every single video that he posts, okay? All it is and I'm going to have to pull it up because it looks like it didn't show me this little link here. So we're going to go pull it up. Let's go Rocktown.

Uh, let's go Instagram first. Okay. Rock town. All right. Jason Sterling. So check this out. He's got these ones pinned, but literally all it is, behind the scenes. Oh! All right. Pull here. Ready? Yeah. And they don't even have to be this long, by the way. This one's a- All right. Ready? One, two, three, go. Oh! Woo!

Reaction There it is to me This was good. It's a good video

you would get many more views if that whole thing was condensed down to, okay, three, two, one, smash, reactions, payoff. Less than 15 seconds, you'd have so many more views, but still, this is great, okay? And by the way, look at this. This is why this one is only 1.4 million views versus, I'll bet this one gets to it quicker. This one probably gets there even faster. ♪ You can take me high to the moon ♪

Visual hook doing something weird crazy, right? Audio hook the song, right? It's trending. Oh, what are we doing? Blast and comes up. This was perfect. This is the right length and notice 30 times more reach than this one. It's exactly what I'm telling you. Follow the simple, short, easy framework.

you're gonna get a lot of views, okay? When we start extending things, like, oh my gosh, this is so long, then we're really asking people to wait for a payoff, right? But that's it. Every single one of these. Every single one of them. And frankly, his images are good, but I know so many of you can do the same, if not better, imagery. It's just you're not showing it. You're just not showing it. That's it. That's it.

A video can be multiple, I kind of like it when it's just one, but you can also do one and then you can do another video that shows three like this one, right? But the simplest formula is one behind the scenes and a final image. So easy. I gave you another example. I'm going to have to find, I didn't link them up and I realized why.

I should have linked them up now. It actually doesn't save the video into the PDF. But I can find this one because I think I had it going. Oh, it's actually one of the templates. So let's go back here for one sec. You know what? I don't want to burn you guys' time. I think you guys get the point of this. This one is literally one of your, you should have this template actually. And it's just the moment you drop in a BTS and it's the final image of.

them like on the beach. Super easy. Okay. So, the BTS to final image this viral formula, all you do, behind the scene video, you just need to gather your ingredients. This is why we want these each and every single time, okay? Show the process. I like it to be like three seconds of like an engaging thing, like anywhere between three to five seconds of like, oh, just lower this a little bit, try this. We see like you interacting, we see, you know, what's happening. And then the reaction, like...

and you go, oh, they go, oh, wow, that's amazing. And then the payoff, okay? And then all you're gonna do, the payoff is the final image. So it needs to be a solid image, right? I see a lot of photographers screw this up when the payoff is not that great. Like you get to the very end and you're like, wow, wow, that image was not a very good photograph, okay? So we need the payoff to be a solid image. Does it need to be award-winning? No, but it needs to be decent, right? It needs to be impressive. And then audio, choose an appropriate song, one that has.

as it's nice if it's a trending song because people are listening to it right now, especially if there's a drop in that song, right? If there's a drop that's perfect for the reveal, fantastic. Now look, all of these highlighted templates right here are the BTS to final image formula. So you can start with these, every one of these templates and there's the moment versus the shot. Let me just see if we can pull that up briefly and take a look at it. Okay, that's what you're supposed to see by the way when we click on one of these.

And you just click, you're gonna click view template. I'm the one that gets the edit template because they're saved in my account. So what I'll do is just click open the editor. Okay, and then here is a moment versus the shot. ♪ Love of mine ♪ ♪ Cause I'm in a field of dandelions ♪ It's so damn easy, isn't it? And what I would say is you can do the moment versus the shot. You can change this to.

wait for it, I don't care. You can make the text yours if you want, but don't like, you know, don't make it ugly, but like change it to however you see fit. But we want, look, there's a text hook, there's an audio hook, and then there's a payoff. Very simple, yes? We feeling it? Like, man, it doesn't have to be that difficult, right? Now, regarding like calls to action, okay?

Okay, I generally like calls to action to be in the caption below the video. So you say like a sentence about like the shoot, you know, a great session out here, loved working with so and so, here's our amazing team. If you're looking for a wedding, if you're looking for a maternity, if you're looking for a whatever, fill in the blank, click the link in my bio. That's your call to action, leave it in the caption. The reason why we do that, how can you.

to quickly muck up your video? Well, I could quickly muck up my video by going and adding another slide at the end of this and putting my logo on that slide and reach out to me here. Why does that muck it up? If you're thinking it lowers your average watch time, you are absolutely correct because you're gonna add three seconds of length to the video. Nobody's gonna hang around to watch that thing. They're gonna see it and immediately.

bounce it gets annoying after a while too if every single one of these videos has a on-screen call to action doing it now and then is okay but it gets annoying and you've lengthened the video by three or four seconds which lowers watch time so so don't do those things okay simple call to action look if you're creating stuff do you think and this is my my favorite question because if we go back to Jason's stuff for one second do you think for a moment that if someone

sees this and they want this, they need to have a call to action at the end of every single video? No. As soon as someone sees this and they're like, man, I want this for my son or I want this for myself, they go, okay, booking info, okay, great, let me click this, oh, okay, now it'd be great if the first link there was book a console, right? That's what the first link should be. Let's take them directly to the place. They're going to, if they dig what you're showing, they're going to click through.

we don't need to beat them over the head with a call to action that also damages our average watch time. Okay, let's jump back here, make sure we got it all. I think we're good in terms of how to use Canva. Dragging and dropping, just make sure you watch the length, make sure you trim it, and then select the area of the video that you'd like, and you're good to go, okay? If you would like to build a CTA into a video, like at the very end of a video, what I'm gonna say is do it sparingly. Maybe one in every.

five shorts, one in every 10 shorts, you might end it with like, hey, if you're interested, it works better if it's like a talking head video, maybe you're giving a tip on something. And the way it works best is when the call to action is actually something valuable, because we're gonna talk about that too. So we're gonna talk about lead magnets, and then your call to action isn't, oh, come book me, it's if you'd like to learn more, or hey, if you want tips on planning the perfect elopement, I have a guide, you can download it with the link in my bio. That.

That makes so much sense to put into a talking head video where you're giving tips and value because now you're saying, here's more value and exchange for that value, you're going to get their phone number and their information. We'll talk about how to do that as we step through these lessons. But those types of CTAs are great inside of these. The basic like, you know, here's my logo, call me up and book an appointment, kills your average watch time. Say those types of things inside the caption. If you're interested, you can find a link to book an appointment right in my bio.

people will find it. Okay, don't want to beat a dead horse. What I'd like you to do instead is finish and publish your first behind the scenes to final image. Okay, that formula, it goes, it goes.