Okay, so if you want more ready to go Instagram templates, we created a partnership with socialtemplates.co. The reason why was I saw their stuff and I actually started using it myself and I was like, hey, this would actually be, this is pretty powerful. It's not perfect, but this is the best solution we found to like in-app templates that are basically easy to use. And so we created a partnership with them. So the links in this are gonna be affiliate links. So we get.

at some sort of a commission. What I've done though is we've lowered the commission to give everybody, so they basically had like an offer and I was like, what if we just reduce the commission that you give us and you give all of our members 20% off? That's where we eventually landed. So you guys can get 20% off the entire program. If you guys signed up earlier, you guys got a different type of promo basically, but that's the ongoing promotion. So what I want you to know is that, I just wanna be completely transparent, we do benefit from you using this at the same time.

I'm only suggesting it because I literally use it and it's the only thing out there. So if we find something better, I don't care about the affiliate thing. If we find something better, I'm gonna refer that thing to you right away. I just feel like anybody that's part of our community and they're getting benefit, they should also provide benefit back to the community. So you get it on both sides. You get that 20% off. They have these Instagram reels and basically they have different accounts. So you have the full account.

which is like their real library, you have one for family and one for seniors. It doesn't mean that you can't use these templates for other things, but they basically come preloaded and ready for weddings, family, seniors, and kind of typical portrait scenarios. So if you're not one of those, you might wanna just kind of look and see what they offer, see if they fit. And they also have like month trials and things that you can do too. I believe those promos, like the 20% off is like the best one they can give. So I opted for that. And they don't give that to anybody.

so it's only our community that has that. But it's very powerful. So basically what you do is you go to the reel that you like and you can either save it and edit it right in Instagram or you can use it in Instagram edits in that app and they give you instructions on basically how to do this. And then you can pick directly off your camera roll and go right into the template and then right into publishing. So as far as easy to use, this is the easiest method that there is. I...

I personally think that eventually Instagram, TikTok, all these platforms are gonna build every single great template right into the app. And when they do, when that's available, you know, I'm just gonna remove this and it'll no longer be necessary. But for right now, it is one thing that I think can help a lot, especially in learning this language, developing your skillset, using templates, getting out there right now until you feel comfortable, or it can be until you're comfortable creating on your own, or it could just be indefinitely, it's up to you.

But it's a great place to start. So any of these links will take you there. This 20% off is exclusive to 10K, 2K. It's under Friends of Pi, you can click the link. And like I said, if we find a better solution, you'll be the first to know. 100,000% transparency is always my goal. Okay, that was easy. Next lesson.