Let's dive now into kind of a next step of perfecting your hooks, okay? I wanna give you an idea of the different types of hook variations there are, and kind of just work on making sure that we're building these into each piece of content that we create, whether we're using a template, whether we're creating from the ground up. The hook is such an important part of every single video because of going back to the idea of every algorithm wanting average watch time, okay? They want a lot of watch time.

So, a good hook is what makes it easy and what makes it kind of, well, desirable for someone to keep watching a video. If we don't have a good hook, our average watch time plummets because people are not actually engaging and watching the material. So, making that idea again simple, this is just a brief review of it. If a video, let's say a 10 second video has 30% average watch time, say 3 seconds, that's good. If it gets 70%, that's even better.

It's gonna serve, the algorithm's gonna serve that video to more people. And if it gets 100%, 10 or 10 seconds of watch time, or even perhaps more than that, like someone rewatches it, then it's fantastic, it's gonna serve it to more. We don't know the exact numbers, of course, but what we know is that average watch time is how every one of these algorithms work. The better your average watch time on a video, the more it's gonna be served to more people, okay? So this hook is really gonna be your, it's gonna be that.

main piece of a video where if our, you can have a fantastic video, okay, to give you an idea. You can have an amazing 10 second, 20 second, 30 second video. If the opening two, three seconds doesn't give them a reason to continue, then it's gonna flop. It doesn't matter how good the rest of the material is, the rest of the content. If the hook is not in place, it is always gonna flop, okay? So within two, three seconds, we need to give them a reason to stay and then we need to deliver on that. Now, as far as hooks go, I would.

kind of break it down to like five main types. This was, earlier this was three and I was kind of like, you know, let's include these other versions and we're gonna give you examples of these. But a visual hook is that something visually interesting is happening as soon as the video loads, right? A text hook might be the text title that you place as soon as the video loads. A sound hook is which sound we're using as say the background track or the audio track of the video. A narrated hook is a hook that I might speak out loud.

Here's my three favorite dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, right? That's a narrated hook. And a viral hook is an example of like kind of using something else that's getting popular and incorporating it into your video. I'm gonna give you examples of each of these to kind of give you ideas. So let's kind of just take a look. I'm gonna click here and what in the world did my links not go through? Hold on one second. Let me pull up this file actually and if the links didn't go through, I can click it. I'm gonna.

I go ahead and I think on your guys' version of this, well, it might not be, I didn't give you guys the most latest version of it yet, but I will make sure that this is uploaded to the material as soon as we finish. Okay, so perfecting your hooks, interesting, the link is right there, but it didn't load for some reason. Okay, let's give a look at this one. So this, we'll just watch it through start to finish.

Okay, so if we pause here, you'll notice that it is visually interesting. You see a couple kind of in the water. You see me. It's a behind the scenes moment. So we have a visual hook element. We also have the text hook element, right? The moment versus the image or the moment versus the shot. That's our text hook. There's also a viral element that's also part of the audio element, right? The viral element here is that this audio that's being used.

the little viral stitch is something that's quite popular. It's something that's been used quite a bit to say like, look, something's coming, right? We're gonna do a payoff. And so what you see is that this little, this is from a movie where Leo kind of, I forget, I think it's like the, whatever Hollywood movie, anyway. This is a viral clip that's been used all the time to kind of point to here's something comes, right? And so there's this audio slash viral piece of this where it's just literally edited in.

like you're literally just cutting and inserting this piece directly into the video. Okay, and then you show the payoff. And the audio lands with like the timing, the music and whatnot. So it's an example of basically incorporating a visual hook, a text hook, a sound hook, and a viral hook element into a single video, okay? Let's do another example. All right, so this one, another example, visual, text, sound plus viral. Let's see what this one is.

Okay, so what do we have in this one? We have a text-based hook. The first shot is that three, right? It's a countdown. We have the audio hook as well, where you literally hear the countdown, three, two. We have visual elements where you're seeing like me working and the behind the scenes. And then we have the payoff, which lands on the drop.

for the video, okay? Obviously, whenever it comes to like a behind the scenes, this by the way is following that same viral formula that I told you all about, the one that you can use over and over and over behind the scenes to final image, behind the scenes to final image. These are just different variations of it. The Leo one where he says, oh, oh, look at this, versus the 321, it's just a variation on that exact same concept.

of behind-the-scenes to final image, okay? We most certainly want to make sure that the final image that we're showing, the payoff, is actually a good image. And it's actually better, like it's kind of the case that we want the behind-the-scenes to not look nearly as good as the video itself. One of the interesting things in the audit that we did was one of our alumni had some really beautiful behind-the-scenes cinematic footage that they filmed with their camera, right? And they were like, can I use this with the

and the issue is your cinematic footage already looks so beautiful that when you put the image next to it, people could actually argue like they like the footage better than the image. So we want behind the scenes that looks just like how a normal person sees the behind the scenes. We want it to look kind of like junk. We want them to see all the busyness, the distractions, everything about it. And then all of a sudden they see the payoff and how good it is when you create your image. We want that in each piece that we create, okay? Another example.

This is a visual plus text plus a spoken or narrated hook, right? So if I click this one, okay. Did you know that printing and hanging? Wait rewind. Easy weekend photo project for y'all. Did you know that printing and hanging photos of your children is proven to boost your child's self-esteem? Your photos are meant for more than just social media. Please feel free to share this message and okay. So this was I made this back in 2020 when I was just testing and just trying to figure out this this format and whatnot. So

Ignore the fact that there's three calls to action on this and everything. And also, I would have said like, the better hook in this, I actually buried the better hook in the second line, right? This is when I'm figuring out all this stuff. Weekend photo project for y'all. Did you know that printing and hanging photos of your children is... Did you know that printing and hanging photos of your children is proven to boost self-esteem? That's the actual hook. That's the one that's the strongest piece that I should have opened on. But still, when we look at a video like this, there is a...

text-based hook right here. There's a narrated hook, and then there's also the visual element, this kind of like sped up video of us just basically putting images onto the wall, right? So we're still meeting each of those criteria as far as there's a visual, there's a text, and there's a, I'm gonna say, did I say spoken or narrated? Either way, it's the same difference. Okay, I think I was supposed to say spoken. Okay, that's a no for me, not for you guys. So what I want each of you to.

realize in this process is not to overthink it. Let's actually go back to the actual slide deck so it's not so busy. And, oh, weird, it looks like some of those linked and this one is the only one that didn't link. So that's strange. What I want you to think in this process is, I don't wanna overthink it. I don't want you to perfect your video like to get the lighting just right. I want you to create videos in places where it's natural to you. This is a video where I'm literally just giving a tip. I'm in the car waiting for my kids.

And I gave a tip on like, you know, if you're an aspiring photographer, and if you look at the views, as an aspiring photographer, I said, does this resonate? That's my opening hook, right? It got 10.6 thousand views. That's kind of crazy. And look at the engagement, look at the number of shares and views. So it's just an interesting idea and a concept for someone to think about. And I filmed it from my car in five minutes and it got over 10,000 views. That's an insane superpower to think of

Literally inside of your pocket that you can take advantage of anytime you want, okay? To be able to reach an audience anytime you want and you don't need it to get 10,000. If it gets 100, 500 of the right views, then that's great. That's fantastic. But this process can be very simple and a hook can be as simple as wait for it or my favorite from and so and so's whatever shoot, right? It's giving them. It's anything that gives them.