your average watch time becomes like three, four, 500% because they're sitting there reading some really good tips on there, right? We made this in, what, a minute or two? And you can reuse this now multiple times based on different things you wanna share. Posing ideas, elopement tips, mistakes that you want people to avoid, all of these things you can incorporate. And if you ever are short on ideas, then you go right back to.

chatjbt, we go to the viral script writer, or let's go to the short form viral, there we go, right here. Say, I've got an awesome Instagram post where I want, and let me just shrink this a little bit so you guys can see. I think it might be at the very bottom of the screen. Okay. I want to have them read the tips in the caption while there's a simple.

Looping video. Write me an amazing caption designed for, designed to give parents tips on photographing their children, okay? Now, I don't know if I love this concept necessarily, like tips on photographing their children because you're kind of teaching them to do it themselves. It's not a bad way to go about it. You could be that authority that teaches them how to do stuff when you're not there, but we want to make sure that this is on brand, right? And it goes five symbol.

Tips to instantly improve photos, get on their level. Oh, what a great tip, like shooting from their eyeline makes your images feel more connected and natural. That actually would be really cool, right? Use natural light, I love that. Don't say cheese, instead tell a joke, let them play. I love all of these. So all you're gonna do now is just grab whatever you want here, modify it a little bit, copy and paste this right into the caption of that video. And now you've got a beautiful piece of content for your social media, positions you as authority, it gives value, it hits all the marks, and you're good to go.

Cool. Is that kind of fun and easy, like a nice way to see how to repurpose something? So you can create a carousel infographic, you can create a read and caption post, all that works. You could also then go to like, okay, I've got some really great concepts that I think would make for a fantastic lead magnet. So you can turn a bunch of popular topics into a valuable lead magnet, use that at the end of your videos as a call to action to get them to provide their email and phone number. We're gonna talk about creating this in just a little bit as well.

in these lessons, but I want you to get ideas. Include the content in your onboarding sequence. We've already talked about this. You can add the content as well to your newsletter. If you post something that's interesting and you're sending out a newsletter, you can include that content in there as well. The last piece, short form. So what I'm saying here is you can refresh and repost almost as often as you'd like. Every seven days, every 30 days, like it's almost unlimited in terms of refreshing and reposting a video. If you've modified a video.

Yeah, within a week, two weeks, feel free to republish and repost. But you can also simply reshare a high-performing post or high-performing video every three months or so without ever touching it. Meaning like, let's say you have something that just does really well. About every few months, I'll just take that exact same video with no modifications and I'll republish it. And I'll say, throwback to this video. If you're new here, make sure you check this out. And then you'll find that the video

it will do well again. And it's very interesting, because you can literally reuse the exact same piece of content with no changes, and it's still gonna do well in the algorithm, because it was a good piece of content to begin with. So the way that we talk on short form, a lot of us worry about like, should I, a lot of us worry about, am I saying too many things? And my thought is always, you're generally never saying enough, okay? For most people, they're always gonna err on the side of not saying.

enough. When it comes to short form, when you engage with a brand, 30 days later, you've forgotten about that brand. You've forgotten about what they do. So reposting and refreshing is necessary. This is the way that we use short form content. This is the way that we use that medium. When it comes to long form, if we're talking about YouTube or something, yes, you don't republish the same video. That's kind of a no-no because those platforms are expected to work based on SEO, based on search, right? So we want the same resource to pop up each time they search.

search for it, but that's not why social media is used. Social media is is basically what's relevant right now as it hits their feed, which means reposting, republishing is a very valuable and important element of social media marketing. It also takes the load off. It also makes this much easier to tackle because you're not always having to create new content. OK, that's it. Let's jump on the next video.