something along the lines of like book me here, it goes to the contact form, again, the phone call. We can also use this idea of like, if you're sharing a lead magnet, you could say comment and you could say wedding guide or comment maternity guide or comment elopement guide and I'll send you this lead magnet. I'm sure you guys have seen those before, right? They'll direct message the lead magnet over and what I'm generally gonna do is ask for a phone number through the DM and then go straight to the phone call.

I personally, by the way, would rather send them the link to a landing page than on the landing page, get their email and phone number so that I can call them versus like trying to do this with a DM. But the way that people are doing this is through an app called ManyChat, okay? You don't have to do this automated. You could just manually respond to people. It's totally fine. See those automated, like, you know, comment this and I'll send you this.

They're using many chat to basically get it going. And I think it's like 10 bucks a month or something. Oh, this gives you all the basic features up to a thousand contacts free of charge. So that's perfect. This is a great way to start on that. And you can, you can begin doing that. And then once you want, you can go to the pro level or whatnot. So just an option there. Okay. With engaged followers, I don't know if you guys realize this, but you can also just DM them with a question. Like if they're commenting on your stuff, you could just literally send them a direct message that says, hey, I noticed that you were.

You liked my post about family photography. Are you guys interested in by chance doing a family photo session? Have you thought about that, right? Get their information, do a phone call. With posts and reels, you can engage with a question, reply, DM, and phone call. So what this means is you can actually ask a question with your posts and reels. I like doing that a lot. And then again, you can reply to them. Once you reply, you can send a direct message and get contact to go to the phone call. With an email sequence.

If you just got someone in your email system, maybe you don't have their phone number yet, or maybe you do, but you haven't been able to get a hold of them yet, you can lead this entire email sequence. Again, we want to include calls to action to basically get their info and get them on a phone call. So the premise of all this is at any one of these points, we want to give them an easy way to eventually get them onto the phone. The easiest way to get somebody on the phone that I found through social media.

is to provide them with value. You provide them through value with a video, then you give them a lead magnet that can give them more information, we collect their information, and then give them a phone call. That's, in my opinion, the easiest way to convert followers into actual community, like people that are part of your system. Okay, that would be hilarious if he does actually call me in five minutes. It's been almost five minutes. Okay, use this prompt with your brand strategy to come up with ideas for valuable lead magnets. So, same thing.

Grab this, go right to our, let's go right to our brand strategist, drop it in with what you know, help me come up with five awesome ideas for downloadable lead magnets my clients are gonna love. Okay? Look at this, the honest guide to planning a stress-free elopement in Paris. 10 little moments you wanna make space for on your wedding day, Paris elopement location guide. Oh my goodness, the Paris elopement location guide. People would love to have this. And it would lead.

it would be such a natural CTA for so many different videos that I could create on social media. So this will give you plenty of different ideas and it'll even help you to write them out, all right? Okay, friends, another idea and way that you can utilize your content to grow your community. I hope this makes sense. If you have any questions on this, please jump into the group, let me know. All right, next lesson.