Okay, we are on to module 13 now, which is why people buy. So in the last module, this was really about, you know, things to stop doing, like why people don't buy from us. There's a lot of things that we're doing in the sales process that we're kind of breaking the overall sales psychology. So we talked a lot about mindset stuff. We talked a lot about the actual sales psychology. Now as we go into why people buy, we're gonna get a bit more tactical. And with each module going forward.

we get more and more specific and more tactical as we go. So specific topics and questions we're talking about here is like, well, okay, we know what not to talk about, what should we be talking about? How do I build trust with my clients? How can I be more charismatic? How can I be more confident in my sales conversations? What questions should I be avoiding? So we're gonna get more specific into each of these. Once again, I like to mention that every one of these modules we go in a fast paced manner, please pause, please implement, please.

repeat and with specifically the sales material, I find this stuff incredibly beneficial for you to go and actually watch, do a sales conversation, then come back to it and repeat the material because you're gonna see things in a completely different light as you get some experience, okay? And again, between sessions, remember that you have the mentorship group. It's there for you to ask questions, seek feedback, share wins, aha moments. We just had, yeah, please join us on Wednesdays, okay? Wednesdays.

are a chance to kind of share like all the little to big wins that you guys are experiencing on a weekly basis, on a daily basis, and for us to be able to celebrate those moments together. So jump in on that as well. Okay, let's go on to the first lesson. Just a quick review and kind of recap of what we covered so far, okay? So we think that clients hire us, and this is not now, because now you've already changed this mindset, but we used to think that clients hire us because of our professional gear.

because we offer professional product, we have good lighting technical skills, a studio, a real business. And we know now that these are just expectations, okay? When we're selling a luxury product, all of these so-called features are really just expectations of the service. And in reality, clients are looking to us, they're looking to you specifically, because they like you, they trust you, because they resonate with your values, because they believe you can deliver, because they find value in your price point, okay? Interestingly.

We had a new member kind of join in, Alessandra, who joined in just for this little, in between this little filming spot. And one of the things that I asked was, was why did you decide to join? And it was again, well, he mentioned something about resonating with the way that I might teach or that the values. This is why the expectation that the education is good is already there. If my education were not good, you simply wouldn't join the program, nobody would, right? So somebody joined something,

hire somebody because of these things, not because of these inherent features. I could talk all day long about how good my education is, that would not convince you. What would convince you is seeing other people's results and then being able to resonate with who I am as a person. That's what I want you to carry to each one of your sales conversations. So what I want you to do is as you approach your sales conversations, remembering this idea of good sales is just good curiosity, okay? Good sales is uncovering someone's needs and values.

and then guiding them toward a meaningful solution. And we recognize that when we look at sales this way, sales is actually something that we would appreciate individually, right? We all know what a negative, what a bad sales experience it looks like. We don't want those. But when I say, well, don't you want somebody, if you're buying a laptop, if you're buying an expensive stereo, if you're buying something nice, a car, don't you want someone to genuinely understand your needs and try to help you find the right solution for you? Every one of us would say yes.

That is something that I want. Okay, again, this is all just recap and review, and the reason it matters is because I need to take away the fear that we have with sales. We have this inherent fear in this process because of these negative experiences, right? So we have to understand that true sales is understanding and relating to our clients. It's uncovering your clients' needs and values. It's being kind and empathetic, being their advocate. That's really number one over everything, being their advocate. It's helping your client.

find the ideal solution and then we simply close by asking for value in exchange for value and in in in total sales is a value-added experience meaning sales when done well actually adds to the value of what you're charging it adds the value of the service that you're delivering it doesn't take away from it okay this little this is my my slice of pie okay a little slice of pie because people buy because they trust you as their advocate and they value

tell you your understandings of their needs. This is really what it is. And the funny thing is that you can actually kind of mess up a lot of the steps in the sales process as long as people feel this, that you're their advocate and that you have their kind of, their values, their needs in mind, that you're guiding them to the best solution. As long as they feel that, as long as they know that they're still gonna buy, despite having messed up many different steps in the process. So this is first and foremost, the biggest piece of the sales.

process and then understanding the refinements and how we can get better and better and improve our ability to convert is gonna come along the way. Okay, so where we are now in the sales process, we talked about the six step sales process. This module is really focused on the first step. So we're talking all about building rapport, creating trust, we're gonna get specific into this and there will be a little bit of crossover here into starting to identify the customer's problem and need. But most of this we're gonna.

say for the next module when we cover the wave. When we cover the wave, we're gonna be talking about basically the next two points, okay? Let's go ahead and jump on now to the next lesson. Okay, we're gonna hit another mindset hurdle right now. There is this fear or self-doubt. Something that I hear often is kind of this idea of like what if the other person takes control of the conversation? What if they just wanna know about my price? What if they don't give me the space to talk about.

their values. What if I lose control, okay? This is what I want to address in this lesson right here and the first concept that we're gonna do to discuss this is the idea of frames, okay? Frames is, think of the word frame as a, well, I'm gonna describe what it is. It's just a word that people have assigned to kind of describe this idea of having control within a specific situation, okay? So what we're talking about is frame control. Now.

I don't know if there's there's I'm sure there's a million other terms for this but in sales it's often referred to as frame control and the place where I remember originally learning about frame control was actually from Oren Kloff. He wrote this book I think it's called Pitch Anything and in it he talks about this example of the French waiter. Okay and the idea there's this part in the book where basically if you imagine Oren kind of goes into a fancy restaurant there's this French waiter there.

and Orin asks for a particular wine he's like oh I'd like to to have this kind of wine it's not on the menu but is this something that you offer right and the waiter responds with something like no monsieur I need to do this in a French accent okay no monsieur that is not possible that is not what we do here I will bring you something better was that I think that was that might have been more German let's be honest I'd like you to tell me maybe you can jump in the group and let me know anyway we know it's terrible but look imagine the waiter basically saying

to you right and uh it's kind of if you take it out of context it's kind of offensive almost right i mean you're the you're the customer and here's this person saying like no that's not possible when we're told like okay we should be saying yes always to our clients and here's this person saying no that's not possible that's not what we do here yet in the context of that restaurant and with that waiter's authority or was like i was

totally okay with it. In fact, I kind of welcomed it because this person's the expert and they're gonna guide me to something better. This is the idea or the concept of frame control. And what's really interesting about these frames is that inside of that restaurant, right? The French waiter would have all of this authority, all this power, his knowledge of all the different wines and the different pairings, it matters, it's meaningful. He has authority in that space. But if you take the person outside of this space.

then their authority is meaningless. Like, who cares? If I go to, you know, if I'm talking to a high school athlete, would he at all care that I am a sommelier and that I know all these different wine pairings? No. If I'm speaking in front of a group of people that want to learn business, does the French waiter's experience hold any water whatsoever? No. So, inside of specific areas.

you can have frame control, you can have authority, and then outside of those spaces, you really have none, right, and that's the beauty of this concept of frame control, is even if you think of yourself as, well, I'm not very extroverted, I actually tend to be more introverted, and that's actually true for me, I am more introverted, but within certain spaces, if I'm talking to somebody about marketing, if I'm talking to somebody about business, if I'm talking to somebody about photography, I personally, myself, I can be.