to do. Like, well, one of my kids like literally does push-ups and pull-ups all day long while we just watch. Would that be kind of fun to do? Yeah, that would be really fun to do. In fact, while we're at the park, he just randomly jumps on things. So I think it'd be really cool to like actually get that in a photograph because that's very much him, right? So we have to wrap our heads around, well, it's more so stepping back from the role of like the business person and seeing the person behind who they actually are. Yeah. Yeah.

camera, no nothing, seeing them for who they are, seeing their realities for what it is. An example on the wedding side, right? The perception is they're just another couple in love. But his reality, this is based on one of my clients, and I kind of wrote from the perspective of the guy because I feel like the guy often gets overlooked in the process. I think a lot of us will focus naturally on mom, naturally on the bride, but we don't often focus on the guy and I think that's another easy way for you to, here's the funny thing. Um, if you.

win over a bride or if you win over a mother, you'll probably get the booking. But if you win over the guy, you will definitely get the booking. And it's not because the guy has the decision, it's because most of the time the guy is not really into photographs. They're not really into the process at all. So when she sees that he's excited about something, when she sees that he wants to be involved, that's a huge sign for her. So she's the one typically making the decision.

But when she sees that, it's such a big piece to be like, I'm gonna go this route. This is the only photographer that my husband gets along with that he actually wants to go and work with. That's huge, okay? So that's kind of why I wrote it a little bit from this perspective. So anyway, his reality was he wanted to be a pro football player, met a lot of girls he was never interested. He met her at the high school gym, or he met her at the university gym, actually. She was the first girl to make him laugh. He loved her smile, her intellect,

each other's eyes, he proposed during an adventure trip to Thailand after consulting her best friend to make sure that he got the perfect ring for her. So are we uncovering these details? You know you're doing this process right because you're actually uncovering the story behind the story. You're uncovering these little nuggets of who they are. If you're landing here, things are going incredibly well in your sales conversation because a person only shares this thing with you.

when you've set up the right emotional space, when there's trust, when there's advocacy there, when they feel like you genuinely wanna connect with them, then they share these things. They won't share them when they feel like you're just another person wanting to get a paycheck from them. And a lot of photographers will get stuck and be like, my clients just don't want to have, they don't wanna talk about that stuff, they just wanna get into the details. And I keep trying to say over and over, it's because.

is you've set the wrong emotional space for this. They are not comfortable with you and we have to fix that. This is the charm school that John was talking about. So the truth bomb, we have to stop looking at our clients as just a paycheck or just another client and start uncovering these truths. I'm gonna say this, this is fairly easy to do when you have just a few clients. This is something you have to remind yourself of constantly when you start getting busy. When you start getting busy, this can easily.

slip through the cracks and what once was a person who was very aware, very positive, very you know genuine can easily become a person who becomes cynical, who starts treating the the client like a paycheck and it's not because they didn't believe it at first it's because they had so many experiences in between and they're doing this over and over and over they get stuck into this groove of it's just another client and that's kind of a little bit

of the death of a business, or at least the beginnings of it. Start with that kind of feeling of cynicism, in my opinion. So we're limbic system focused, meaning all the questions should be designed to keep someone in the limbic, the emotional thought center. That's why we're asking these types of questions. And when you do this well, I love Stephanie, she posted this, and then she came back on right afterwards and she's like, a couple days later, she's like, actually based on, like they shared more with me and then we got to a nine.

when you ask the right questions when you listen, a $3,000 client becomes a $6,000 or a $9,000 client. Because look, and I get this question a lot, can you work with somebody if their budget is three times lower than what was expected? And I always go, it depends. Usually what I found is like, if we start getting to a place where we're doubling, like doubling their budget is pretty common. Like it's pretty common that someone comes to us and we double their budget. A little bit.

less common that we triple it. What's not common at all. It does happen from time to time, but what's not common at all is someone comes in expecting to pay $500 and then you book them at $5,000. That's very unlikely. When we start getting above like three, four, five X, then it becomes more and more unlikely. But it still happens because what, what ends up happening in our mind is typically when we decide to buy something, when we decide I need this thing, we have a price point set in our mind, and sometimes the price point is not.

not even justified. It's based on something that we saw. Oh, I walked by a Kmart photos 10 years ago and they were selling prints for $300. So this should be $300 for family portraits, right? And you're like, no, this is two to $3,000. Oftentimes that mindset that they have is not even justified. It's just based on something they saw at some point. When they start to understand the process, when they start to see the.

value in something, a lot of people are going to completely adjust their budget, especially when you connect with them, especially when you do the things that we've laid out here, right? I found that in that two to three X range, it's quite common, okay? Especially two X or less, it's very common. Three X, it's still possible. Once it goes to like, usually my marker is like, look, I'll basically say, if I say my typical prices are 10, and they're like,

Like, yeah, we're looking for someone that's in the $2,000 range. Like if we're 5X, right? Then I'll say, you know, I don't do any shoots at that size. I'd love to, if you feel like it's worthwhile to continue having the conversation because we might be able to, I'd like to figure out what it is that you value and help you look at what it is that you're hiring, who it is that you're hiring to make sure you find the right person. But if you feel like $10,000 is way out of scope, then what I'd probably recommend.

is that you hop on a Facebook, hop on Instagram, look for someone that's a little bit newer, less established, and make sure when you do, like go and look at a complete gallery from them so you can see all their work, so you see all the images, not just the portfolio images, and I'd find someone that you might be able to kind of find a steal on. Now, that's when they'll tell me, yeah, I really appreciate that suggestion, Pye. We'll just go and search for someone else, right? Or if they're thinking about it, that's when they would say.

Yeah, let's keep chatting about it. They're gonna give you the permission to kind of continue and that's when there's a possibility there. But generally, I just want you guys to have that understanding that like, if we're talking three, four, five X, most likely they're gonna be unqualified, okay? As we go into this next piece, I'm gonna give you these little scripts, okay? Trust building and icebreaking scripts. I don't want you to memorize these. In fact, I don't want you to really memorize. When we go to the wave.

I do want you to like really, I hate the word memorizing because I feel like memorizing is not making it your own. I want you to master it and internalize it. Memorizing is not what I want in general. I want you to speak from the heart moment to moment with each client, right? When we get to the wave, I want you to at least know the process. But the reason I say this is because oftentimes, conversations are gonna deviate. And every time someone memorizes a script, they don't know where to go. So I want you to understand the.

principles and allow yourself to kind of deviate. I will tell you when we get to the wave in the next module, that's a place where I want you to stick to it a bit closer until you've mastered it, then you can start to like kind of build your own pieces into it as well, okay? But for this little, this next section right here, trust building and icebreaking scripts, these are ideas. Don't feel like these are, I need to memorize this. So look for, I was about to say, okay, for memorizing weddings. Emotionally driven, open and inquisitive.

questions to get to know your client. So, uh, ideas of this, tell me the story of how you both met, who made the first move? How did it happen? Tell me about the first moment where you just knew this is my person. Obviously I want you to choose these questions based on who you are. These are just ideas, right? So if any of these come across as tacky to you, don't, don't use them, um, for boudoir, right? Have you ever done a boudoir session before, or is this your first time? And then we have followups. Well, I'd love to hear that story. What made you want to?

reach out to do a boudoir session now. What made you decide to do a boudoir session, or I think I just, yeah, I think I just hit that one twice. Why does right now feel like the right time, right? Okay, maternity. What inspired you to do a maternity session? Is this your first child or do you already have little ones? Oh, tell me about your family. What's been the most beautiful or unexpected part of this pregnancy journey for you so far? And this is where I like this question, has a bit more sensitivity.