it'll stay with you much easier. So just kind of like try to recall it every couple minutes for the first few minutes and then it'll stick with you throughout the day. But use their names. Make sure that you pronounce it right, okay? There's nothing worse than like having a name that's like Payam is my full name, right? And if somebody's like, Pai, is that short for something? I'm like, yeah, it's short for Payam. And they're like, oh, that's cool. Can I just call you Payam? I can't tell you how often I get that. I'm like, no, actually, that's why my.

Same as pie, just call me pie, that's good. So if you're gonna learn their name, make sure we're pronouncing it correctly. Otherwise it's just again a sign of us not really caring or trying hard enough, right? Key number six, I want you to sit forward in an active posture that shows that you're interested, it shows that you're engaged, and I want you to do that even when you're on the phone. Even when they can't see your face, I still want you to do it because it comes out in the way that you speak.

Something happens and it's difficult to explain, but as soon as I start leaning back and as soon as I start taking a more relaxed posture, I speak in a way that's less energetic and it's more relaxed. It just comes natural. The body language kind of, our voice mirrors the body language we create. And then as soon as I start kind of sitting forward and going to more of an active posture, I can lean in. I can get into our conversation and show I'm interested and actually engaged. I don't know why that is. I just know.

know that it translates over the phone. It translates on a, on a zoom call. It translates in person. So I want you to maintain active body language. Okay. We've talked about this one quite a bit. Key technique. Number seven is to stop talking to remember the 80, 20 rule. 20% of the time when you're talking, you're primarily guiding the conversation. And it's a little bit different when you get into a space where you're explaining something in those moments, you might talk more, obviously in a lecture space like this. This is a space.

where you'd be talking the entire time, right? There are moments inside of a presentation where you might, not a presentation, moments inside of a sales conversation where you might actually need to present some information. Don't beat yourself up for those moments. As we look at the conversation in a whole, you should be guiding the conversation and speaking around 20% of the time, leaving most of the room for them to describe things, okay? Technique number eight, I want you to actively listen. So this means that you are.

not only present, you're not thinking about the next thing you want to say. This is what I mentioned earlier and it's very difficult to actually do. It's very difficult to just stay in a moment, listen to what someone's saying without trying to think of what you want to say next because we worry about those moments of silence, right? We don't want any silence that feels awkward to us. What I would say first is start learning to get comfortable with a bit of silence. Like right now.

it's okay for me to stop talking to let you digest something. I do that all the time in our lectures. I do that all the time in our conversations. Allow yourself to do that. And when you allow yourself to actually take a breath in between thoughts and ideas and to leave room for silence, you'll find that you can actually actively listen far better because you're not looking for the next thing to actually say. There's nothing more frustrating in a conversation than

me to not only have that conversation, but to observe it, right? I've observed a lot of sales conversations and what I'll hear is the client will say something like, like I remember a recent sales call that I was, I was, uh, I was giving feedback for, it was for my physical therapy business client. Right. And I'm listening to the sales call and this woman goes, my daughter is in kind of a very difficult mental space right now because she's taken away from the sport that she loves. I want to know that like, she's working with somebody who can.

listen as well as give her physical therapy and guidance. And the person goes, oh, that's great. Yeah, you're really gonna love our therapist. So when do you think you would be able to, that's not actively listening. Actively listening means that she would've engaged on that. She would've said, oh, tell me more about that. Like, what's it been like for her? How, when did you start noticing this? Oh, what you're really gonna appreciate about this is that part of what our therapists do is mental.

coaching, mental guidance. They've been there, they've done this with a lot of different people and so that's gonna immediately help your daughter to feel better. So look for parts of the conversation that you can show understanding, that you can start mirroring and parroting back to them instead of just looking for the next thing to say. Okay, key technique number nine, carry authority with warmth. Without warmth you come off as an arrogant asshole, like seriously.

There's a huge difference between this, okay? There's a big difference between me saying something like, let's say the example of mom coming up to me and saying that I need to go, I should shoot these detail shots differently. If I said, mom, you hired me to be the photographer, let me do my thing and you do your thing. I'm just a dick, okay? Versus, mom, I want you to relax. The one thing that you remember today is being present.

and being in the moment, I want that to come through in all the images that I create. I hear you on this though, I'm gonna go create that shot with some florals, I'm gonna bring it back for you to look at, but after that, I don't want you to worry about it. But if you do have good ideas, you come to me, okay? There's a huge difference in authority with warmth versus authority without. I want you to always carry the warmth with you, and that warmth comes in body language, it also comes in tone, right? It also comes in the specific words.

It's obviously that we say two. Okay, key technique number 10. You're gonna look to serve. It's rare. Rare are those that look to serve others, okay? If you're always acting in the best interest of your potential client, this is why advocacy is such a huge piece of what we're doing, right? If you're looking to serve, your ability to convert goes through the roof. If a client feels like you are their advocate, it goes through the roof.

Okay, so we want reasons why people buy. These are 10 concrete reasons why people buy. Now, what I'd love for you to do is after, like I'm encouraging each of you, and I'm gonna reiterate this quite a bit throughout the sales modules, I want you to be recording your sales conversations, and I want you to go back to those. At the end of the sales training, I'm gonna give you a checklist, and I want to see, did you check off each of these items? Now, it's not important that at the beginning that you check off every single one, okay?

What's important is that after each call, you can check off an additional box. And we keep going until we can check all these items off. But these 10, this is your charm school. This is what John was saying was like, a lot of people don't inherently do these things. And if you simply do this in a sales call, like I mentioned earlier, you can mess up the entire close. You can mess up the discussion about like, like what were the services. You can mess up a lot of different things. If you.

you do these steps, you're gonna close, you're gonna get the job, okay? More likely than not, you will get it still. And that's where I kind of, I tell each of you, like, look, just because you flubbed a certain part of a sales call, doesn't mean that you didn't succeed. It doesn't mean that you aren't getting better at this. Like, if you're doing these steps, you're on the way. Okay, someone asked, by the way, do you record or do you ask permission to record the sales call? If it's on Zoom.

I actually don't ask permission because what I do is I start the recording before the conversation begins or you can even start it like at the you know I like being the first person in the room so I generally join at five minutes early and then I start the recording right then right so what you'll hear right now if I press the record button recording in progress is that so as soon as you join a recording stopped as soon as you join a room where somebody is recording it says that right and if they have an objection to it they're going to bring it up

they're gonna say, oh, I didn't know you'd be recording this. And you say, oh yeah, I like to record this just for training and education purposes. But if there's any issue, just let me know. And they'll say, oh yeah, I'd prefer if this wasn't recorded, or oh yeah, no problem. Eight out of 10, nine out of 10 clients will say, oh, no problem. On occasion, somebody will say, oh yeah, I prefer not to be recorded. But you start the recording at the beginning, and then when they enter, they get told that, and then they have their, that's literally the legalese, essentially, of what Zoom is doing, it's giving everybody a.

heads up, right, that it's being recorded so they are aware. Okay, so as far as these go, like I said, I've distilled all this from a lot of different experience and education, if you wanna go deeper into this, this is my list of, my book of, my book, my book list for sales, charisma, and persuasion. And I kinda put these in my order of favorites, okay? So charisma myth is at the top. Honestly, I relate to charisma myth. It feels like a modern, more tactical version of how to win friends and influence people, which.