Okay, we are on to module 13 now, which is why people buy. So in the last module, this was really about, you know, things to stop doing, like why people don't buy from us. There's a lot of things that we're doing in the sales process that we're kind of breaking the overall sales psychology. So we talked a lot about mindset stuff. We talked a lot about the actual sales psychology. Now as we go into why people buy, we're gonna get a bit more tactical. And with each module going forward.

we get more and more specific and more tactical as we go. So specific topics and questions we're talking about here is like, well, okay, we know what not to talk about, what should we be talking about? How do I build trust with my clients? How can I be more charismatic? How can I be more confident in my sales conversations? What questions should I be avoiding? So we're gonna get more specific into each of these. Once again, I like to mention that every one of these modules we go in a fast paced manner, please pause, please implement, please.

repeat and with specifically the sales material, I find this stuff incredibly beneficial for you to go and actually watch, do a sales conversation, then come back to it and repeat the material because you're gonna see things in a completely different light as you get some experience, okay? And again, between sessions, remember that you have the mentorship group. It's there for you to ask questions, seek feedback, share wins, aha moments. We just had, yeah, please join us on Wednesdays, okay? Wednesdays.

are a chance to kind of share like all the little to big wins that you guys are experiencing on a weekly basis, on a daily basis, and for us to be able to celebrate those moments together. So jump in on that as well. Okay, let's go on to the first lesson. Just a quick review and kind of recap of what we covered so far, okay? So we think that clients hire us, and this is not now, because now you've already changed this mindset, but we used to think that clients hire us because of our professional gear.

because we offer professional product, we have good lighting technical skills, a studio, a real business. And we know now that these are just expectations, okay? When we're selling a luxury product, all of these so-called features are really just expectations of the service. And in reality, clients are looking to us, they're looking to you specifically, because they like you, they trust you, because they resonate with your values, because they believe you can deliver, because they find value in your price point, okay? Interestingly.

We had a new member kind of join in, Alessandra, who joined in just for this little, in between this little filming spot. And one of the things that I asked was, was why did you decide to join? And it was again, well, he mentioned something about resonating with the way that I might teach or that the values. This is why the expectation that the education is good is already there. If my education were not good, you simply wouldn't join the program, nobody would, right? So somebody joined something,

hire somebody because of these things, not because of these inherent features. I could talk all day long about how good my education is, that would not convince you. What would convince you is seeing other people's results and then being able to resonate with who I am as a person. That's what I want you to carry to each one of your sales conversations. So what I want you to do is as you approach your sales conversations, remembering this idea of good sales is just good curiosity, okay? Good sales is uncovering someone's needs and values.

and then guiding them toward a meaningful solution. And we recognize that when we look at sales this way, sales is actually something that we would appreciate individually, right? We all know what a negative, what a bad sales experience it looks like. We don't want those. But when I say, well, don't you want somebody, if you're buying a laptop, if you're buying an expensive stereo, if you're buying something nice, a car, don't you want someone to genuinely understand your needs and try to help you find the right solution for you? Every one of us would say yes.

That is something that I want. Okay, again, this is all just recap and review, and the reason it matters is because I need to take away the fear that we have with sales. We have this inherent fear in this process because of these negative experiences, right? So we have to understand that true sales is understanding and relating to our clients. It's uncovering your clients' needs and values. It's being kind and empathetic, being their advocate. That's really number one over everything, being their advocate. It's helping your client.

find the ideal solution and then we simply close by asking for value in exchange for value and in in in total sales is a value-added experience meaning sales when done well actually adds to the value of what you're charging it adds the value of the service that you're delivering it doesn't take away from it okay this little this is my my slice of pie okay a little slice of pie because people buy because they trust you as their advocate and they value

tell you your understandings of their needs. This is really what it is. And the funny thing is that you can actually kind of mess up a lot of the steps in the sales process as long as people feel this, that you're their advocate and that you have their kind of, their values, their needs in mind, that you're guiding them to the best solution. As long as they feel that, as long as they know that they're still gonna buy, despite having messed up many different steps in the process. So this is first and foremost, the biggest piece of the sales.

process and then understanding the refinements and how we can get better and better and improve our ability to convert is gonna come along the way. Okay, so where we are now in the sales process, we talked about the six step sales process. This module is really focused on the first step. So we're talking all about building rapport, creating trust, we're gonna get specific into this and there will be a little bit of crossover here into starting to identify the customer's problem and need. But most of this we're gonna.

say for the next module when we cover the wave. When we cover the wave, we're gonna be talking about basically the next two points, okay? Let's go ahead and jump on now to the next lesson. Okay, we're gonna hit another mindset hurdle right now. There is this fear or self-doubt. Something that I hear often is kind of this idea of like what if the other person takes control of the conversation? What if they just wanna know about my price? What if they don't give me the space to talk about.

their values. What if I lose control, okay? This is what I want to address in this lesson right here and the first concept that we're gonna do to discuss this is the idea of frames, okay? Frames is, think of the word frame as a, well, I'm gonna describe what it is. It's just a word that people have assigned to kind of describe this idea of having control within a specific situation, okay? So what we're talking about is frame control. Now.

I don't know if there's there's I'm sure there's a million other terms for this but in sales it's often referred to as frame control and the place where I remember originally learning about frame control was actually from Oren Kloff. He wrote this book I think it's called Pitch Anything and in it he talks about this example of the French waiter. Okay and the idea there's this part in the book where basically if you imagine Oren kind of goes into a fancy restaurant there's this French waiter there.

and Orin asks for a particular wine he's like oh I'd like to to have this kind of wine it's not on the menu but is this something that you offer right and the waiter responds with something like no monsieur I need to do this in a French accent okay no monsieur that is not possible that is not what we do here I will bring you something better was that I think that was that might have been more German let's be honest I'd like you to tell me maybe you can jump in the group and let me know anyway we know it's terrible but look imagine the waiter basically saying

to you right and uh it's kind of if you take it out of context it's kind of offensive almost right i mean you're the you're the customer and here's this person saying like no that's not possible when we're told like okay we should be saying yes always to our clients and here's this person saying no that's not possible that's not what we do here yet in the context of that restaurant and with that waiter's authority or was like i was

totally okay with it. In fact, I kind of welcomed it because this person's the expert and they're gonna guide me to something better. This is the idea or the concept of frame control. And what's really interesting about these frames is that inside of that restaurant, right? The French waiter would have all of this authority, all this power, his knowledge of all the different wines and the different pairings, it matters, it's meaningful. He has authority in that space. But if you take the person outside of this space.

then their authority is meaningless. Like, who cares? If I go to, you know, if I'm talking to a high school athlete, would he at all care that I am a sommelier and that I know all these different wine pairings? No. If I'm speaking in front of a group of people that want to learn business, does the French waiter's experience hold any water whatsoever? No. So, inside of specific areas.

you can have frame control, you can have authority, and then outside of those spaces, you really have none, right, and that's the beauty of this concept of frame control, is even if you think of yourself as, well, I'm not very extroverted, I actually tend to be more introverted, and that's actually true for me, I am more introverted, but within certain spaces, if I'm talking to somebody about marketing, if I'm talking to somebody about business, if I'm talking to somebody about photography, I personally, myself, I can be.

very outgoing and very extroverted because I have frame control. I have a certain level of authority in that space. And so it gives me a level of confidence that I wouldn't normally have otherwise. And I want you to think of yourself as that. Within the realm of photography, you are the authority. You have frame control, right? And that means that you have the ability to guide. You have the ability to basically maintain this frame by speaking less than the other person, by asking great questions

where you're kind of guiding the conversation by listening intently, by using authority and warmth within that frame, within that authority, or sorry, within the frame control. The reason why I say this, by the way, is because authority without warmth, you just come across like a dick, okay? If you have authority, but there's no warmth that comes along with it, you know, people have labels for that. You're not a nice person. So you're gonna be labeled that thing. So we need to make sure that there's always warmth with the authority. And then also you.

You maintain this frame control by developing trust. You are their advocate. And that's exactly what the French waiter was doing in that situation. It wasn't that he was so much as saying like, you know, no, that's a terrible choice. No, I can't do that for you. He was saying like, well, that's not gonna be something that's possible, but look, I know best and I know exactly what you're gonna want. Let me bring you something better. Let's figure out what you're gonna eat. And then I'm gonna pair it with something that you would very much enjoy. And you can do that exact same thing inside of the space of photography, okay?

So this is the idea, the concept of frame control. So I know the question is like, well, but what essentially do you say when someone is fixated, when they just want the price, right? And the reason why we're discussing all of this, the idea of frame control, again, goes back to that fear and that self-doubt of losing control. So we go back to this, well, what if they just talk about the price, just the price, the price? We keep it simple. When someone has price on their mind.

Think of it like a dog that's trying to get a bone, right? If you take that bone away, the dog is gonna get mad, it's gonna try to bite you, so what we do is we give the dog the bone. And in this situation, I want you to give the human the bone, okay? They wanna talk about price, so I want you to simply give it to them. I like doing it in a way where I can say, look, I know figuring out price is something that's kind of frustrating. People probably tell you that they don't wanna talk prices until they walk you through this whole thing.

Is that the experience you've had? And they're like, yes. And I go, okay, I'm going to make this very simple for you. My prices start at this. And most of my clients are going to spend around this on their package. But I'd love to learn more about what you specifically are looking for. And if I find that we're not a good fit, at least I might be able to help recommend somebody who is. So why don't we dive into this? Then when they agree with that statement, they're transferring back frame control to you.

So, each of those moments where you feel like somebody else is kind of taking over a situation, they're basically trying to kind of take this frame control from you. They're trying to kind of take away your authority and what I want you to do is to reestablish it. In the case of price, we can't reestablish it by just saying, oh, you know, wait a little bit. We'll talk about price in a bit. We can't do that. That's going to get them frustrated. It's going to be, it's an anti-consumer mentality to be like, I just asked you a question and you're wrong.

refusing to answer my question, that's gonna just lead to frustration. So we don't withhold, we simply give them that thing, and then we say, look, I'd love to continue. And if they have an objection to it, they will let us know. If they say, oh no, those prices are just way too high, they're gonna say something, right? But if they agree to continue, then that means, well, okay, I can wrap my head around those prices, let's continue the conversation. And that's what we're gonna do to get back our frame control.

Okay, the same concept, by the way, applies to when you're at, say, a shoot, whether it's a wedding, whether it's a senior portrait session, whether it's maternity, and your client might be freaking out about something. And just a little story for you guys. I remember this was one of my early weddings that I was at. And I remember seeing it for the first time, my mentor did it, and then I remember it happening to me. And I literally responded the way that my mentor did.

I'll tell you about the mentor situation, right? This is one of the first high-end weddings that I'd photographed. I was third shooting for my mentor, John Solano, and a groom's, no, it was the bride's father came out and said something along the lines, and forgive my language, he says, John, what the fuck are you doing? I'm not paying you to sit here and just take photos of everybody. That's the weirdest thing to say, right? Because you literally are paying him to take photos of everybody.

In the dad's mind, he was taking too long with the bride and the groom and the family stuff. And so he comes out and he's upset and he says this, right? And John goes, oh, dad, don't even worry about this. Like, I'm gonna be done in just a minute. I want you to go and relax. And I thought that was so interesting because dad did. He kind of like relaxed and then went and had a drink and just kind of came back and he was buddy-buddy with John the entire night. And I was like, that's fascinating. I'm gonna use this myself and I have. I had a similar.

I had a situation that almost mirrored his several years later, and I did the exact same thing. It was with a mother in that case, and it worked so beautifully. So anytime we're in a situation like this, we reassure and then we re-establish the frame control, right? So in my case, it's kind of like the mom was freaking out because I wasn't taking the right detail shots. I've had multiple freak outs, but one of the ones that's popping in my head was I wasn't taking the right sort of shoe shots.

the right detail shots for her, because I had placed the shoe shots on like a box, and she's like, I want them surrounded by nature and all of that, and she was wigging out, and I said, Mom, I want you to relax. I don't want you to stress out, but I think that's a fantastic idea, so what I'm gonna do is go capture that, and I'm gonna shoot a lot of images that are actually gonna be surrounded by nature as well, and I'll come and show it to you, but I want you to be present. I want you to be happy, to be engaged. That's what you're actually gonna remember today, okay? Can you promise me that? Thank you so much.

She's like, yes, Pi, I'm gonna relax, I'm gonna, I'm gonna. And then I brought her the photograph a little bit later where I created some detail shots that kind of use a little more of the florals and those things. She's like, that's beautiful, that's amazing. Thank you so much, you're the best. So this idea of frame control works in any one of these situations where you can display authority, but also warmth. Anytime you feel like you're losing control, we're gonna come back to this space, okay? Now, one of the comments is we are kind of.

recording this is well what if a person does say that it's out of their price range right so like we talked about this give the dog their bone like i said if they have an objection to the price then that's fine like if they say oh that is way too far out of my price range um where we go from here kind of depends on what the objection is right if their objection let's say that my my my prices start at three thousand dollars and most of my clients spend around seven and then they come back with the objection of like oh i thought this was going to cost you like

thousand dollars. They are so far underqualified that at that point I'm simply going to say, oh, you know what, not a big deal. Sometimes, you know, people don't know our prices when they reach out. But if at any point, you know, that that changes, just let me know and I'd love to help you out further. OK, so just give them a bit of ideas, a bit of guidance. Well, you can literally close the conversation or you could also say, you know, in that price range, I might suggest this. And sometimes I'll say that, like, you know, in that price range.

I might suggest that you jump onto Facebook, look for somebody that does good work, but they're kind of not established yet, and you might be able to kind of sneak a deal in there. But yeah, that's a bit below where we'd be looking at. Now that's if they're way, way underpriced, right? If they say, okay, I was kind of thinking around something around the $4,000 to $5,000 range, I would say, you know, that's fantastic. Why don't we keep talking to actually figure out what it is you're looking for? We can come up with a complete price. And even if you decide not to continue with me, I'd like you to be able to go.

and make these comparisons with all of the information at hand, okay? A lot of times we think we're comparing apples to apples when we look at photography, and really we're comparing apples to oranges. How does that sound? Can we continue with this? And then you just continue the conversation. So depending on how underqualified they might be, a lot of people that are in the, if they thought of, it's gonna be their initial budget was three or 4,000, a lot of people will double their budget if you can give them what they want, right? So.

But if it's like five times what they budgeted if it's like ten times what they were budgeting That's where I kind of just closed the conversation off Okay so This is how we can come back to this fear self-doubt of what if we lose control? Okay. Now I know you might be thinking like what if this doesn't work, right? How do I create the the right space a safe space for this emotional sale? It'll work if you're if you're conveying authority with warmth it works and in the cases where

I've literally not had a case where this doesn't work, but I would say this, if someone's going to be that rude to you, if they're gonna just shut you down when you're trying to kind of guide them and move them forward, it's not a good fit anyway. It's not the type of client that you'd wanna be working with. So they're gonna reveal a lot about themselves in this process, but I will tell you, it works. Authority with warmth, it'll work each and every time, okay? 99% of the time, it works every time. All right.

So let me just take a look and see if there's any other questions here that popped up. Do we refer to the mom of the, oh yes, Catherine asked, do we refer to the mom of the bride as mom? I don't see an issue with that. But I do actually learn, like usually when I first arrive, I call mom, mom. I call dad, dad. And then I ask them like, tell me your names. And then I refer to their names afterwards. I much prefer that versus that, like going throughout the day, just calling them mom and dad. Okay. I think we covered the price stuff. So let's go now. So we've, the mistakes we've addressed.

Right. When we fail to create the right emotional space for the sale, we've also failed in these other steps, right? We failed to understand what we're selling. We failed to understand their needs, their values. We failed to help them know that we're their advocate and we failed to establish value. These are all things that we've, we've solved at this point. Okay. But remembering good sales is good curiosity. One of the best ways to take your frame control back is by simply asking more questions. Okay. So after some.

brings up some sort of an objection after somebody tries to steer the conversation a certain way it's okay to ask a question around that usually what I'll try to do is kind of like guide back to where I want to go but in a certain case if someone like continues to hammer price after I've just mentioned the price I would say it sounds like price is a major concern for you tell me what's kind of on your mind there right and then once they share what's on their mind

because I already gave them a starting point. I already gave them like say the, what clients typically spend and they're like, but I wanna know what it's gonna cost. This very rarely happens by the way. So I think a lot of times these fears in our heads, they're for these one-off scenarios that are so rare, but on occasion they might happen. So first, don't worry about them so much. Second, when it does happen, I would say, well, it sounds like you're really fixated on price. Can you tell me a little bit more about that? And then they might say whatever you're gonna say. And I'll say, okay, I'm honestly not trying to withhold anything.

thing but trying to give you the price right now without knowing what you're actually looking for is kind of a lot like you walking into a car dealership saying I want to buy a car tell me how much and me going well what kind of car do you want that's what we're here to figure out is like what kind of photography service are we creating here I know I know it's wedding photography or whatever your genre might be I know it's maternity but but what exactly are we trying to create that's what I want to get to and then from there I can guide you into the

Perfect fit. Does that make you a little more comfortable? Can we continue? And then you get their permission again and keep moving forward. But this idea of slowing down, talking less, remember the 80-20 rule, where 20%, like I want you to basically use your 20%, 20% is you speaking, right? And in that 20%, you're generally guiding the conversation with good questions, with acknowledgements, and you're listening 80% of the time. That's kind of the rule I generally.

want you to follow in these situations or in really any sales situation. Honestly, this works for like any human situation too. You are in an argument with your partner, 20-80 rule. It works totally. Ask questions, try to understand what's going on, let them do the talking if they are upset and yes, that works. So look, you're here getting business guidance. We're going to make you a better person across the board. All right. So let's go ahead and go to this next step. This, these

maybe you're wondering why I have you do these things. There's something that happens when you physically commit to something. Now, if you'd like to keep all your commitments in a little book, by all means, but I want you to physically acknowledge this. I don't want you just to digitally sign this. Like, please don't load this into Adobe PDF and be like, I'm gonna digitally sign this. That's meaningless. What I want you to do is if you're gonna commit to this, commit to it in some sort of a way. If you don't wanna print the page, that's fine. Write out the statement and actually sign it, okay?

But those things are meaningful because it's the physical process, the physical act that helps not only ingrain it in your mind, but actually creates something for you to commit to and an idea to remember. So your commitment here is to stop talking, to use the 80-20 rule and to exercise good curiosity and to remember this concept of frame control. The idea that you have the authority to guide the conversation where you want it to go and the person that actually stays quiet and asks good questions, they're the one that's going

One's in control of the conversation. It's not the person that's talking the most. It's the person that's asking good questions and allowing the other person to speak, that's the person that's guiding this situation and the conversation. Okay. Let's jump on to the next lesson. Okay. So why people buy, right? Well, we have another low hanging fruit here that I want to cover and it's the five minute rule. So reminder, low hanging fruits. These are any strategies that are easy to implement and have a significant impact on your revenue. And the five minute rule is.

one of those. So all the five-minute rule says is we're going to, as soon as we get a lead, we're gonna do our best, okay, to reach out to that lead within five minutes. So within five minutes, it would kind of preempt this process, because within five minutes, we reach out to start the process of building rapport and creating trust, right? Now, here's why. What if I told you, and for those that are actually watching this live, please put in the chat, if you're watching this inside the lesson library, please.

into Facebook into the mastermind and let me know. I'm gonna ask you a question. What if I told you that doing one thing which would take you no additional time, mind you, one thing which would take you no additional time, what if it could improve your conversions by 400 to 800 percent? My question is would you commit to doing it? Okay, it's such a dumb question, I get it, but every one of you is like, yeah, obviously I would do that. That's what we're talking about in the five-minute rule. Now, the reason why I say

it takes you no additional time is because you're going to call the person anyway. Right? So the, the only difference is doing it sooner than doing it later, right? There's this concept in sales, it's called speed to lead. And there's a good reason. It's one of the most famous sayings in sales. And what it means is when possible, you're going to call the lead within five minutes, and the reason is that the five minute benchmark. So calling Lee within five minutes increases the likelihood of contact by a hundred times. So your likelihood of contact is where they're going.

to pick up the phone or not, okay? So it increases the likelihood of contact by 100 times compared to 30 minutes. Most of us are like, oh, I'm gonna get back to somebody in 24 hours and we think that's great, right? This is 100x more likely to pick up the phone than compared with 30 minutes later. Not 24 hours, 30 minutes. Then there's more stats. Being the first responder wins, period. So research shows that at a minimum.

50 to almost 80% of sales literally go to the first vendor that responds to something. And this isn't one study. This is multiple studies, including a Harvard business review. So 50 to 80% of the decision, when somebody needs to hire somebody, when they need to buy something, when they go to the first person who responds, okay. Then the conversion boost when compared to 30 minutes, a five minute response time.

Increases your chance to qualify by 21 times and it increases your conversion rate This is where we got that number from by four to eight hundred percent All of this is to say that 24 hours is way too long 24 hours as a response time when somebody's interested in something is way too long and You can you can feel this out for yourself, right? When you are in a moment where you want to buy something

Isn't it frustrating when like you're literally ready to give up your money and you can't find the right product, you can't find the right solution, you can't find the right service. It is so annoying. So I want you to follow this whenever, like whenever it's actually possible, okay? I'm gonna give you guidance on that in a second. Because when something is on somebody's mind, when they're thinking about something, that is the best time to capture them, that's when they're most.

most interested, that's when they want to hear from you. So I want you to call them. Now, you're probably asking like, what times of day are best? Well, look, four to 6 p.m. are the ideal times of contact if you're gonna call somebody back, okay? Eight to 10 or six to seven is the second best. So these are times of day that typically are best based on general statistics around the world. So your time, obviously, would be the thing to consider. What I want you to do, though, is.

First, let me just show you. Does it work? Yes, this works. In this world where everything is moving towards AI, right? In this world where we're getting less and less human interaction, the human response is only gonna become that much more valuable. I know in your heads, you're probably thinking, oh, but some people don't wanna be called. Oh, but some people really like to text instead. Okay, some people do, but the vast majority, if they have an issue, if they want a service, we would really.

love to just talk to somebody, okay? If they say, can we talk over text? If they say, can we do this on a DM? If they say, you know, can we do this on email? You know, I'm gonna try to guide them towards the phone, but if they ultimately refuse, then I'll say, okay, let's meet them where they're at. But why not get their information and why not call them immediately? So I want you to commit to the five minute rule. That's the next piece that we're actually gonna sign. And I know there's a possibility that you might be shooting.

You're with family, you're with whatever. So what I'm going to say is you're committing to call each lead within five minutes of receiving it when possible. Okay. I don't want, you know, if you get a lead at 10 PM at night, it's not professional to call them back because why aren't you doing your own stuff? Why aren't you asleep? Why aren't you spending time with your family? Why don't you, why aren't you doing whatever? I would be asleep by nine, by the way. Um, but my point is, is like, there's certain times where it just doesn't make sense, right? But during the day, if we don't have a meeting, if we.

aren't shooting, then absolutely we should be calling them back. If we have a moment, that's free. Now, when it's not possible, you're going to commit to calling your leads within the next ideal time window. So that's going to be either four to six or eight to 10 or six to seven, pick one of these next ideal time windows and you're going to call them back. Ideally way before 24 hours hits. Okay. So that's what we're, we're going to do. And, and you're going to be surprised at how many people, when you call them within five minutes, they are stoked to hear from you. You're like.

Oh my goodness, this is such great service. I can't believe you called me that fast. I can't believe, and it'll blow you away how many of these people are going to book right there after finishing the wave and the entire sales process right there over the phone. Okay. Uh, if you need more examples of that, just ask the group. There's, there's tons of them. All right, we're done with this one. All right. So first goal is to open and begin to build trust, right? So again, the concept here is why people buy. The first thing we talk.

about as well, people buy because somebody reached out to them first. So we've got that covered. That's our low-hanging fruit. The next piece is, well, because people trust you, because they like you, because they know that you're their advocate, right? So what we're gonna do is get the actual sale out of our head for a moment. When we start the conversation, let's start by actually building a little bit of trust. So you're gonna open and then build trust. And generally this is going to, the time lengths of this vary. I don't wanna give you hard rules because some clients.

will be like, you'll talk to them on the phone and they just wanna shoot the shit for 20, 30 minutes. Some clients, most people on the phone, they kinda wanna get right into things. Some clients in person kind of wanna chat for a few minutes. Some will wanna go for a long time. So I want you to use your judgment in this, but I'm gonna give you some basic ideas. During the first few seconds slash minutes of a conversation I'm not trying to really ask anything that's photography specific. I'm trying to understand who they are and understand a bit about.

their journey. In person this opening process might be two to five minutes on average and again some people it'll go longer. On the phone it's usually just one question in 30 seconds okay and then I'm trying to get to know them throughout the rest of the conversation. But the reason why is that we're in the middle of a trust recession and in my opinion it's only gonna get worse right we have a hard time trusting almost anything right now. We've had so many negative experiences and you could just put in brackets

It's like insert whatever name, whatever business, whatever. We're frustrated with these big, bold claims. We have a hard time trusting anybody who's making these promises. And case in point, it probably took a lot of energy, a lot of thought from each of you to eventually get to a point where like you joined this program, right? So there's most definitely a trust recession happening. This is why we wanna build trust, that we wanna open with kind of a bit of rapport building and advocacy at the beginning.

Now, what value do you provide if it's not your photos, your technical knowledge, because we talked about all that. Those are not features, those are expectations, right? So why would a client find value in what you do? How do you show value? Honestly, one of my favorite ways, and I think one of the most powerful ways of showing value is by being a human genuinely interested in meaningful connection. It's what I try to do with each of you during our open sessions. It's what I try to do with you as we're online in the future.

Facebook group chatting. It's what we do in our live filming sessions as well as in our boot camps, is I am genuinely interested in your success and I wanna create connections with each of you. And when you do that with your clients, there is so much intrinsic value in that, that it almost sounds fluffy and I get it. I understand that this sounds fluffy. It's not, okay? Our desire to connect with each other is literally one of our core.

human needs. You can look on any psychological chart. You want to look at Maslow's hierarchy. You want to look wherever you want to look. Our need to feel connected is at the top of our, our instinctual needs. Okay. Or at the top of one of these instinctual needs. And yet so few businesses actually implement this well. So few photographers actually implement this well. Most people approach the conversation as just another sale, as.

It's just another check, it's just another few thousand dollars to help me pay my rent. I want to flip that kind of mentality because there is tremendous value in this basic concept even though it sounds like floof. Your question might be though, but what if they want to go, this is always where these conversations go because every time I bring these things up, somebody's always like, but what if they want to go back into price? I'm like, okay, then remember like our

our sales product. Okay, we go back to that exact thing. Prices start at, and most of my clients typically spend. Is it okay with you? You literally go back to the last lesson. But I'm gonna give you the actual kind of opening and your price handlers as well. So let's look at what that would look like. These are just examples, by the way. Please feel free to make these yours. But step one, a potential opener, when you first call somebody, because for most people, the first interaction you're gonna have with them is gonna be over the phone, right? They deliver.

a lead to you, whether it's through your contact form, whether it's through a DM, you get their phone number, you get their email. So when you call, I might say something like, hey so-and-so, I just got your info actually. I have 15 minutes for my next meeting, you know, if it's true, and I wanna give you a quick call. And if you don't have another meeting, by the way, in my life I feel like there's always something to do within the next 15, 20 minutes. So I can make this true almost every single time, okay? But if you don't have anything, then say, hey, I just got your inquiry.

I happen to have a few minutes, so I thought I'd give you a quick call, okay? That's your opener. Then we go into a little bit of open-ended trust builders. And what we're doing with these is we're just asking an open-ended question about their client journey, okay? So we can learn a bit about them, begins building some trust. So if we're talking about a wedding, and I'm gonna give you an AI tool as we go through these lessons to help you think of more of these if you want. But for right now, let's just kind of think of some examples, right? If we're talking about a

wedding, I might start with like, right after saying this, this potential opening line, I give you a quick call and they're like, Oh, thank you so much. Um, you know, I'm, I'm, that's crazy how fast you got back to me. I'm like, no, I, I really like to, to chat with my clients like right away, um, and be available to you. But look, before we start, tell me what's the wedding planning process been like for you so far. Now, when we ask these questions, we're not thinking of the next question. I want you to listen. These open ended, even early questions.

questions will yield so much value in terms of like, what are their frustrations? What are the things that they're looking for? Where are the potential openings there? So pay attention to what they say. If they're calling for a boudoir shoot, I might say something like, you know, I'd love to know what inspired you to book a boudoir shoot. What's the story behind that decision? You notice how these aren't closed-ended questions where there's a yes or no answer. These are open-ended questions where it can lead us into the emotional kind of thought.

space right the the where they can explain some of their thoughts some of their their ideas where we can hear the words the vocabulary that are using if it's maternity hey before we get into it um how's the the this pregnancy been for you so far like what surprised you the most now i'm going to give you a caution behind this i'm going to give you a few versions of this that i think could be a little bit better um and we'll talk about that in just a minute but these are ideas and again if they're hung up on price you know that you're

you like you go right back to this and then this is one of my like this is what i was mentioning to you that kind of power move look there's no obligation or pressure in this car my goal is to help you find the perfect photographer and even if that's not me i want to help you find the right fit i might say something like even if we find that we're not a good fit for each other i want to help you find the right fit because the dynamic changes a lot right when i'm not you're not just interviewing me i'm also interviewing you

That changes, and again, it establishes a stronger frame around the conversation, but there's still warmth in it because I wanna help you find the right fit. Even if we find out that we're not a good fit for each other, I still wanna help you find the right fit. Okay, so easy peasy, we have how to open the conversation, where to go in case they get hung up on price. We've covered that twice already. I feel like we've covered that more, but you can stay in control, maintain your frame,

and do it with warmth. Let's jump now to the next lesson because we're gonna talk about some keys to kind of maintain as we go through the conversation. 10 keys to building trust and rapport. So we're still in this phase, although what we're gonna be talking about here really translates throughout the entire process, and we are gonna pick up some of the stuff from here. But what I wanna do is actually get specific with different, I don't wanna call them, let's call them techniques, okay? I don't wanna call them tactics because tactics can kind of sound.

disingenuine, I want these to be techniques and things that you personalize and make yours, but I want to give you 10 specific techniques to help you in communication in building trust. All right, one of the things that, so my mentor John Solano mentioned, this was one of our, I think this is a coffee shop meeting, when he was considering actually bringing me out for a few weddings to kind of show me what wedding photography looked like, he said, you know, I really like talking to you, Pi, I feel like photographer

don't need photography school, they need charm school. And I was like, that's a interesting thing to say. It's interesting to me when somebody that has 20 years of experience says something like that, it's stuck in my mind. And I kind of wanted to understand what he meant by it. And as I got more and more into the industry, I realized just how right he was. And that's kind of what this lesson is designed to be, is to give you some ideas of what charm school looks like, and to give you some resources if you want to go further into it.

What I've done here is I've kind of distilled, you know, 15 years of experience, as well as all the different books that I'd read over this course, down into kind of 10 simple techniques that you can utilize and run with. At the end of this, I will give you the, not the complete list of books, but a list of my favorite books on the topic. But honestly, I feel like you'll have enough from this to just kind of run with, okay? So key technique number one is choosing clients that you can actually love.

Remember I mentioned this back in step one, and there was a reason for that. The reason for that is how do you serve, how do you document someone's life if you don't love who they are, right? If you constantly are frustrated with bridezillas, why would you want to be a wedding photographer? If you hate dealing with moms that are like, you know, over the top crazy, why would you want to do this? Similarly, if you, you know, don't really, if you find photographing newborns to be frustrating, which I do, I would not design my business.

around that that would be inherently frustrating every client is going to be annoying to deal with but I actually love dealing with wedding clients and I find that very I actually enjoy when I get parents who are difficult or anybody who is difficult cuz I'm like I bet they just kind of want to be understood and when I step in and play that role it is the most hilarious thing to me to watch them interact with me like I'm their son and then to like treat everybody else like like crap and I'm I don't like that but I find it hilarious because what they really

want it was someone to step in to understand them and once someone does they're like oh that person is different that person is different and it's it's kind of fast it's like a challenge to me anyway they should be nice to everybody but they're not let's just be real all right so key number two okay so number one is hopefully we chose a client that we can love right key number two is I want you to be genuinely excited to talk to clients but smile slowly what does that mean okay genuinely excited means that like like if

If you look at the way that most of the time, okay, I'm not gonna say I do this all the time because I have my off days too. But most of the time when we talk, I'm excited to have our conversations, right? I'm leaning forward, I'm sitting up, I'm engaged with you. I'm looking directly at you as you're speaking and I'm trying to convey things while looking at you as well. I'm excited for these conversations. The thing that we don't wanna do, and this sounds tactical, but it's actually kind of important, is smile slowly. Meaning, what's the opposite of this? It's smiling fast.

Smiling fast comes off as disingenuous. I'm gonna show you exactly what it looks like. You come to me and let's say that you're looking for maternity photography, right? Oh my gosh, I'm so excited for you. I'm so stoked. You're gonna absolutely, how's the pregnancy been so far? Has it been amazing? That is disingenuous. That is the opposite of smiling slowly. What would be more realistic is congratulations. That's amazing. Is this your first baby?

and allowing it to slowly form, not being overly enthusiastic, not being like, ah, like I gotta, that, I can, I don't know if maybe you guys feel the same way, but I feel like in my industry, specifically with weddings, this is so painfully apparent with wedding planners. Like every time I see a bride talk to a wedding planner for the first time, it's, oh my goodness, are you so excited? I can't believe, and I'm like, this is,

this is too much, this is coming off as disingenuine. So there's this technique called smile slowly, and that's what I want you to hold in your mind. We want to be happy, we want to be excited, we want to support them in the journey, but we want this to come on in a natural and genuine way, and smile slowly is your kind of way to do that. Okay, technique number three. So being present. This is, Olivia Fox Cabane has this beautiful book, and it's one of the ones that I put on my list. It's called The Charisma Myth.

Charisma is most definitely a skill, a skill that can be learned. And one of the most critical keys to actually having charisma is being present. It's being in the moment. It's actually staying in the conversation. So one of the kind of little, I guess this would be a tactic. One of the things that I like to do is show them. And so I'll say, you know what guys, before we start the conversation, even on Zoom, I'll say, hey, before we start, let me just quickly just silence my phone real fast and put that down.

so you have my full attention. I might, by the way, take some notes while we talk. So if you hear the keyboard, it's just because I'm writing down and jotting down the things that we talk about. So that is all done to help them understand that you are my priority. I am here with you right now and I'm completely present. There is nothing like how many have, how many times have each of you been having lunch with a friend who you're in the middle of a conversation and they just pick up their phone.

How do you feel in that moment? Do you feel like you want to continue the conversation? Or do you feel like you want to pick up your phone too and like, oh, well, if you're not going to pay attention, then I'm not going to pay attention. Or better yet, like when someone does that to me, I feel like, well, if this conversation and what we're doing here is not worth your time, then it's not worth my time either. And I want to leave. So being present is huge in terms of maintaining charisma in a conversation, okay? Key.

Technique number four, I want you to be genuine. This means that we're not feigning kindness or compliments. I want you to compliment if it's genuine, okay? Compliment somebody if it's something that you know about. Like if someone's wearing a shirt that you like, like this is a Jiu-Jitsu shirt, right? Only somebody that does Jiu-Jitsu would know this brand. I'll lean to the side, the Jiu-Jitera, right? So if someone sees the shirt and they're like, oh, I dig that shirt, man, do you do Jiu-Jitsu? Great, oh, thanks, dude, yeah, I do. That'd be a.

Very meaningful way of starting. But if they're like, oh, I love your shirt, Pi, and I'm like, oh, cool, do you do jujitsu? And they're like, no, I just think it's a cool word. All right, man, awesome. It comes off as fake, it comes off as desperate. I want you to be genuine. I want you to compliment, but do it while being yourself. Don't ever leave that part out, okay? Don't compliment with things that have no meaning to you because it will come across as.

It's very empty, surface level. Key technique number five, remember their names, use them often in conversation. So someone asked, like, do I say mom and dad at weddings? I do at the very beginning. At the start of the day, when I'm just getting to know everybody, I'll say mom, I'll say dad, I'll say brother, I'll say sister, and then I keep asking, like, mom, tell me your name, and then I'll work to remember the name, and one of my tricks for this is once they tell your name, just use it within the next, like, two minutes. Use it a couple times the next two minutes, and then it'll.

it'll stay with you much easier. So just kind of like try to recall it every couple minutes for the first few minutes and then it'll stick with you throughout the day. But use their names. Make sure that you pronounce it right, okay? There's nothing worse than like having a name that's like Payam is my full name, right? And if somebody's like, Pai, is that short for something? I'm like, yeah, it's short for Payam. And they're like, oh, that's cool. Can I just call you Payam? I can't tell you how often I get that. I'm like, no, actually, that's why my.

Same as pie, just call me pie, that's good. So if you're gonna learn their name, make sure we're pronouncing it correctly. Otherwise it's just again a sign of us not really caring or trying hard enough, right? Key number six, I want you to sit forward in an active posture that shows that you're interested, it shows that you're engaged, and I want you to do that even when you're on the phone. Even when they can't see your face, I still want you to do it because it comes out in the way that you speak.

Something happens and it's difficult to explain, but as soon as I start leaning back and as soon as I start taking a more relaxed posture, I speak in a way that's less energetic and it's more relaxed. It just comes natural. The body language kind of, our voice mirrors the body language we create. And then as soon as I start kind of sitting forward and going to more of an active posture, I can lean in. I can get into our conversation and show I'm interested and actually engaged. I don't know why that is. I just know.

know that it translates over the phone. It translates on a, on a zoom call. It translates in person. So I want you to maintain active body language. Okay. We've talked about this one quite a bit. Key technique. Number seven is to stop talking to remember the 80, 20 rule. 20% of the time when you're talking, you're primarily guiding the conversation. And it's a little bit different when you get into a space where you're explaining something in those moments, you might talk more, obviously in a lecture space like this. This is a space.

where you'd be talking the entire time, right? There are moments inside of a presentation where you might, not a presentation, moments inside of a sales conversation where you might actually need to present some information. Don't beat yourself up for those moments. As we look at the conversation in a whole, you should be guiding the conversation and speaking around 20% of the time, leaving most of the room for them to describe things, okay? Technique number eight, I want you to actively listen. So this means that you are.

not only present, you're not thinking about the next thing you want to say. This is what I mentioned earlier and it's very difficult to actually do. It's very difficult to just stay in a moment, listen to what someone's saying without trying to think of what you want to say next because we worry about those moments of silence, right? We don't want any silence that feels awkward to us. What I would say first is start learning to get comfortable with a bit of silence. Like right now.

it's okay for me to stop talking to let you digest something. I do that all the time in our lectures. I do that all the time in our conversations. Allow yourself to do that. And when you allow yourself to actually take a breath in between thoughts and ideas and to leave room for silence, you'll find that you can actually actively listen far better because you're not looking for the next thing to actually say. There's nothing more frustrating in a conversation than

me to not only have that conversation, but to observe it, right? I've observed a lot of sales conversations and what I'll hear is the client will say something like, like I remember a recent sales call that I was, I was, uh, I was giving feedback for, it was for my physical therapy business client. Right. And I'm listening to the sales call and this woman goes, my daughter is in kind of a very difficult mental space right now because she's taken away from the sport that she loves. I want to know that like, she's working with somebody who can.

listen as well as give her physical therapy and guidance. And the person goes, oh, that's great. Yeah, you're really gonna love our therapist. So when do you think you would be able to, that's not actively listening. Actively listening means that she would've engaged on that. She would've said, oh, tell me more about that. Like, what's it been like for her? How, when did you start noticing this? Oh, what you're really gonna appreciate about this is that part of what our therapists do is mental.

coaching, mental guidance. They've been there, they've done this with a lot of different people and so that's gonna immediately help your daughter to feel better. So look for parts of the conversation that you can show understanding, that you can start mirroring and parroting back to them instead of just looking for the next thing to say. Okay, key technique number nine, carry authority with warmth. Without warmth you come off as an arrogant asshole, like seriously.

There's a huge difference between this, okay? There's a big difference between me saying something like, let's say the example of mom coming up to me and saying that I need to go, I should shoot these detail shots differently. If I said, mom, you hired me to be the photographer, let me do my thing and you do your thing. I'm just a dick, okay? Versus, mom, I want you to relax. The one thing that you remember today is being present.

and being in the moment, I want that to come through in all the images that I create. I hear you on this though, I'm gonna go create that shot with some florals, I'm gonna bring it back for you to look at, but after that, I don't want you to worry about it. But if you do have good ideas, you come to me, okay? There's a huge difference in authority with warmth versus authority without. I want you to always carry the warmth with you, and that warmth comes in body language, it also comes in tone, right? It also comes in the specific words.

It's obviously that we say two. Okay, key technique number 10. You're gonna look to serve. It's rare. Rare are those that look to serve others, okay? If you're always acting in the best interest of your potential client, this is why advocacy is such a huge piece of what we're doing, right? If you're looking to serve, your ability to convert goes through the roof. If a client feels like you are their advocate, it goes through the roof.

Okay, so we want reasons why people buy. These are 10 concrete reasons why people buy. Now, what I'd love for you to do is after, like I'm encouraging each of you, and I'm gonna reiterate this quite a bit throughout the sales modules, I want you to be recording your sales conversations, and I want you to go back to those. At the end of the sales training, I'm gonna give you a checklist, and I want to see, did you check off each of these items? Now, it's not important that at the beginning that you check off every single one, okay?

What's important is that after each call, you can check off an additional box. And we keep going until we can check all these items off. But these 10, this is your charm school. This is what John was saying was like, a lot of people don't inherently do these things. And if you simply do this in a sales call, like I mentioned earlier, you can mess up the entire close. You can mess up the discussion about like, like what were the services. You can mess up a lot of different things. If you.

you do these steps, you're gonna close, you're gonna get the job, okay? More likely than not, you will get it still. And that's where I kind of, I tell each of you, like, look, just because you flubbed a certain part of a sales call, doesn't mean that you didn't succeed. It doesn't mean that you aren't getting better at this. Like, if you're doing these steps, you're on the way. Okay, someone asked, by the way, do you record or do you ask permission to record the sales call? If it's on Zoom.

I actually don't ask permission because what I do is I start the recording before the conversation begins or you can even start it like at the you know I like being the first person in the room so I generally join at five minutes early and then I start the recording right then right so what you'll hear right now if I press the record button recording in progress is that so as soon as you join a recording stopped as soon as you join a room where somebody is recording it says that right and if they have an objection to it they're going to bring it up

they're gonna say, oh, I didn't know you'd be recording this. And you say, oh yeah, I like to record this just for training and education purposes. But if there's any issue, just let me know. And they'll say, oh yeah, I'd prefer if this wasn't recorded, or oh yeah, no problem. Eight out of 10, nine out of 10 clients will say, oh, no problem. On occasion, somebody will say, oh yeah, I prefer not to be recorded. But you start the recording at the beginning, and then when they enter, they get told that, and then they have their, that's literally the legalese, essentially, of what Zoom is doing, it's giving everybody a.

heads up, right, that it's being recorded so they are aware. Okay, so as far as these go, like I said, I've distilled all this from a lot of different experience and education, if you wanna go deeper into this, this is my list of, my book of, my book, my book list for sales, charisma, and persuasion. And I kinda put these in my order of favorites, okay? So charisma myth is at the top. Honestly, I relate to charisma myth. It feels like a modern, more tactical version of how to win friends and influence people, which.

is why I kind of put this one down on the list. I still think that that's a classic book. It's still great. But the two that probably made the biggest impact for me are these two. And then How to Win Friends, Never Split the Difference is fantastic. It's a book about how compromise is not really a good solution for anybody. Presence with Amy Cuddy, it's a very much a charisma book. All of these are fantastic books, but these first two are killers, okay? So if you wanna dive deeper, here's kind of a list of favorites to go to.

All right, let's jump to the next lesson. Okay, so asking the right questions. Can we get more specific with things that we should say? And again, reviewing like what we're talking about here, we're still kind of in this process of building rapport and creating trust, but as you start asking these questions, you're going to start hearing a lot of their problems, their needs, their values if you listen close, okay? So there's some crossover over here before we kind of dive completely into identifying

the customer's problem and need. So the question is, your clients walk in to meet with you in person, where do you start the conversation? And I would say that this is a great guide too, if it's a Zoom call, right? I'm going to give you a specific set of training, like there's a specific module on phone conversations, because I find that phone conversations, they need to be a little bit more like quick and snappy. People tend to have much less patience over just a phone conversation than say like a Zoom conversation.

or even like an in-person. I say in-person conversations where there's the most flexibility and time. Zoom is like second most, but still quite a bit shorter. Like people usually expect those meetings to be maybe 30 minutes up to 60 minutes. I've had some in-person sessions go like two hours, okay? Because they want to keep talking. Phone stuff usually needs to be like five, 10 minutes, unless we get to the close and we can kind of continue, but they're generally quite a bit shorter. Either way though, we still have the same goals. Whenever we're entering the sales conversation, we're.

aware of the three brains that we've talked about, right? The croc brain, the neocortex, and the limbic system. And your goal is let's hurdle past the croc brain with, you know, usually once we're meeting them in person or on Zoom, we've already done that, okay? So we're there. What we really need to do is avoid the neocortex, okay? And then we need to stay in the limbic system. Where we're most concerned about getting past the croc brain is when we're calling them back with the five-minute rule because they're not expecting the call. And so that's where our opening line is to kind of get past.

that and we gave you the opening line okay so really the primary goal is like how do we avoid neocortex like deeper thinking and rationale and how do we stay in the limbic system and just to quickly review remember this is the croc brain is the instinctual part of the brain that's like oh man i don't want to is this just a sales call i don't want to deal with this is this a telemarketer it's that part of us that wants to conserve time and conserve resources and really wants to limit things that could potentially waste our time right the neocortex is where we want a lot of time

to think, we want time to compare, we want to reason. This is where we spend honestly most of our day because we're working, we're doing things that require complex thought processes and so we're spending most of our time here in this space as we drive from to and from, we're kind of in between the croc brain and the neocortex like how do I stay alive, maintain all these, like I'm gonna follow all the driving rules and not get into an accident. So it's challenging to bring people over the limbic system because that's the emotional center of the brain, that's the space.

It's for our memories. That's the space for our, you know, the things that we, everything that we would want in a photograph, it lives inside the limbic system, but we're not naturally there. Most of us are naturally sitting in this space of the neocortex throughout our entire day. So how do we get someone there? So we're gonna do a few things. I wanna point out questions that we most definitely don't wanna ask, and then I'm gonna point out questions that are like a little bit of like caution, like little warning signs, okay? So your red flags are questions like, what brought you in today?

It's a terrible question, because there's not really a good answer to it. The good answer to it is obvious. Well, what brought you in was whatever photography that you do, right? Whether it's weddings, whether it's seniors, whether it's newborns, that's what brought me in, okay? There's no place to go. It's a wasted question. What are you looking for in your photos? This will take somebody straight to the neocortex, going, oh boy, like, I don't know. Like, I really like, I like some of the stuff that you've been doing. I don't know what to, I don't know how to describe. They can't figure that out. Now, oddly, what you're gonna.

learn as you go through the next module is my process called the wave. Okay. The wave is a psychological tool, ultimately designed to answer this question of what you're looking for in your photos, but we have to steer them through an entire process to actually get to a meaningful answer. We can't ask this question at the beginning of a meeting and expect that they're going to be able to answer it because they're not in the right headspace. Answering this question requires that they're in an emotional space and people aren't there. So they're going to try to think technically of what.

they like and and that's not a helpful answer to us. Okay I don't know why that just scrolled over the left let me see if I can scroll back okay now what's your budget? Dumb question again it's a neocortex question but it's also one that has no good answer because what's you know we're not gonna talk about money before we establish value that's that's silly and the simple answer to what's your budget is my budget is as little as I have to possibly spend on this my budget was you know right now there's someone down

downstairs, putting in our dishwasher. We paid Costco, and this is the funny thing, we paid Costco 1,600 bucks for this dishwasher and it said installation was included. And he comes and he's like, oh, these other items are needed to be able to complete this installation. If he asked, what's your budget? I would have said, well, we already paid what we paid to get it installed. There is no budget for installation. We already paid for installation. But instead he goes, okay, you need this, you need this, you need this. You could call some.

else or I can handle all these for $400 in addition to what you've what you spent okay I didn't have the budget for that and yet I paid for it this is not a good question what's your budget people make room in a budget they make room for something that they value that they appreciate that they need just like we did downstairs a moment ago with the dishwasher by the way if you hear the buzzing that's what it is hopefully you don't hear the buzzing okay what do you do for work I would say

This is a cautionary question because there's definitely worse questions, but there's also better questions, right? The other thing with what do you do for work is like, well, what if someone's a stay-at-home mom or a stay-at-home dad? You know, like this can create kind of like these awkward moments that we don't really wanna get to. And there's, again, better versions of this. How's the pregnancy been? Again, there's better, more sensitive versions of this, right? Tell me about your wedding timeline. That's a very technical question that gets us deep again into kind of the wrong headspace. So.

Let's not ask those questions. What I want you to do is slow down, okay? I remember we put this slide in the last module. I'm gonna remind you again. Slow down, ask clients meaningful questions that are genuine, that show that you're working as their advocate. So trust and advocacy first. And again, the reminder, the reminder that in-person, this might be five minutes or more, like three to five minutes, you know, in-person via Zoom. Phone, usually it's just one question. It's 30 seconds getting to know them a little bit. But remind yourself.

of this, okay? These are not, it's not just a sale. These are human beings. They have their own unique story, their own values. I want you to ask questions to help uncover that story. Part of being able to do this is taking yourself out of the business mindset of like, this person is another client, and thinking of them on a human level. So our perception, for example, is that they're just another family wanting photos.

They come to us for family portraits, but dad has a specific reality and so does mom. And I wanna understand what those realities are. For example, if we dove deep into one example of a dad, well, dad misses a lot of the family moments because of work and travel, right? He admires his son's strength. He loves his daughter's smile. Daddy's girl gives him Eskimo kisses in person, on video when he's away. He feels like he's missing too much of their lives. When dad gets home, his son and daughter, they're always at the door.

waiting. This was a few of my pieces of reality about 10 years ago when I was grinding and working non-stop and my kids were very young at the time this was my reality and if someone said what if I what if during the shoot we captured Eskimo kisses I'd be like that's such a great idea I would love that if somebody was like you know what if we showed your son like running and and and what is he like

to do. Like, well, one of my kids like literally does push-ups and pull-ups all day long while we just watch. Would that be kind of fun to do? Yeah, that would be really fun to do. In fact, while we're at the park, he just randomly jumps on things. So I think it'd be really cool to like actually get that in a photograph because that's very much him, right? So we have to wrap our heads around, well, it's more so stepping back from the role of like the business person and seeing the person behind who they actually are. Yeah. Yeah.

camera, no nothing, seeing them for who they are, seeing their realities for what it is. An example on the wedding side, right? The perception is they're just another couple in love. But his reality, this is based on one of my clients, and I kind of wrote from the perspective of the guy because I feel like the guy often gets overlooked in the process. I think a lot of us will focus naturally on mom, naturally on the bride, but we don't often focus on the guy and I think that's another easy way for you to, here's the funny thing. Um, if you.

win over a bride or if you win over a mother, you'll probably get the booking. But if you win over the guy, you will definitely get the booking. And it's not because the guy has the decision, it's because most of the time the guy is not really into photographs. They're not really into the process at all. So when she sees that he's excited about something, when she sees that he wants to be involved, that's a huge sign for her. So she's the one typically making the decision.

But when she sees that, it's such a big piece to be like, I'm gonna go this route. This is the only photographer that my husband gets along with that he actually wants to go and work with. That's huge, okay? So that's kind of why I wrote it a little bit from this perspective. So anyway, his reality was he wanted to be a pro football player, met a lot of girls he was never interested. He met her at the high school gym, or he met her at the university gym, actually. She was the first girl to make him laugh. He loved her smile, her intellect,

each other's eyes, he proposed during an adventure trip to Thailand after consulting her best friend to make sure that he got the perfect ring for her. So are we uncovering these details? You know you're doing this process right because you're actually uncovering the story behind the story. You're uncovering these little nuggets of who they are. If you're landing here, things are going incredibly well in your sales conversation because a person only shares this thing with you.

when you've set up the right emotional space, when there's trust, when there's advocacy there, when they feel like you genuinely wanna connect with them, then they share these things. They won't share them when they feel like you're just another person wanting to get a paycheck from them. And a lot of photographers will get stuck and be like, my clients just don't want to have, they don't wanna talk about that stuff, they just wanna get into the details. And I keep trying to say over and over, it's because.

is you've set the wrong emotional space for this. They are not comfortable with you and we have to fix that. This is the charm school that John was talking about. So the truth bomb, we have to stop looking at our clients as just a paycheck or just another client and start uncovering these truths. I'm gonna say this, this is fairly easy to do when you have just a few clients. This is something you have to remind yourself of constantly when you start getting busy. When you start getting busy, this can easily.

slip through the cracks and what once was a person who was very aware, very positive, very you know genuine can easily become a person who becomes cynical, who starts treating the the client like a paycheck and it's not because they didn't believe it at first it's because they had so many experiences in between and they're doing this over and over and over they get stuck into this groove of it's just another client and that's kind of a little bit

of the death of a business, or at least the beginnings of it. Start with that kind of feeling of cynicism, in my opinion. So we're limbic system focused, meaning all the questions should be designed to keep someone in the limbic, the emotional thought center. That's why we're asking these types of questions. And when you do this well, I love Stephanie, she posted this, and then she came back on right afterwards and she's like, a couple days later, she's like, actually based on, like they shared more with me and then we got to a nine.

when you ask the right questions when you listen, a $3,000 client becomes a $6,000 or a $9,000 client. Because look, and I get this question a lot, can you work with somebody if their budget is three times lower than what was expected? And I always go, it depends. Usually what I found is like, if we start getting to a place where we're doubling, like doubling their budget is pretty common. Like it's pretty common that someone comes to us and we double their budget. A little bit.

less common that we triple it. What's not common at all. It does happen from time to time, but what's not common at all is someone comes in expecting to pay $500 and then you book them at $5,000. That's very unlikely. When we start getting above like three, four, five X, then it becomes more and more unlikely. But it still happens because what, what ends up happening in our mind is typically when we decide to buy something, when we decide I need this thing, we have a price point set in our mind, and sometimes the price point is not.

not even justified. It's based on something that we saw. Oh, I walked by a Kmart photos 10 years ago and they were selling prints for $300. So this should be $300 for family portraits, right? And you're like, no, this is two to $3,000. Oftentimes that mindset that they have is not even justified. It's just based on something they saw at some point. When they start to understand the process, when they start to see the.

value in something, a lot of people are going to completely adjust their budget, especially when you connect with them, especially when you do the things that we've laid out here, right? I found that in that two to three X range, it's quite common, okay? Especially two X or less, it's very common. Three X, it's still possible. Once it goes to like, usually my marker is like, look, I'll basically say, if I say my typical prices are 10, and they're like,

Like, yeah, we're looking for someone that's in the $2,000 range. Like if we're 5X, right? Then I'll say, you know, I don't do any shoots at that size. I'd love to, if you feel like it's worthwhile to continue having the conversation because we might be able to, I'd like to figure out what it is that you value and help you look at what it is that you're hiring, who it is that you're hiring to make sure you find the right person. But if you feel like $10,000 is way out of scope, then what I'd probably recommend.

is that you hop on a Facebook, hop on Instagram, look for someone that's a little bit newer, less established, and make sure when you do, like go and look at a complete gallery from them so you can see all their work, so you see all the images, not just the portfolio images, and I'd find someone that you might be able to kind of find a steal on. Now, that's when they'll tell me, yeah, I really appreciate that suggestion, Pye. We'll just go and search for someone else, right? Or if they're thinking about it, that's when they would say.

Yeah, let's keep chatting about it. They're gonna give you the permission to kind of continue and that's when there's a possibility there. But generally, I just want you guys to have that understanding that like, if we're talking three, four, five X, most likely they're gonna be unqualified, okay? As we go into this next piece, I'm gonna give you these little scripts, okay? Trust building and icebreaking scripts. I don't want you to memorize these. In fact, I don't want you to really memorize. When we go to the wave.

I do want you to like really, I hate the word memorizing because I feel like memorizing is not making it your own. I want you to master it and internalize it. Memorizing is not what I want in general. I want you to speak from the heart moment to moment with each client, right? When we get to the wave, I want you to at least know the process. But the reason I say this is because oftentimes, conversations are gonna deviate. And every time someone memorizes a script, they don't know where to go. So I want you to understand the.

principles and allow yourself to kind of deviate. I will tell you when we get to the wave in the next module, that's a place where I want you to stick to it a bit closer until you've mastered it, then you can start to like kind of build your own pieces into it as well, okay? But for this little, this next section right here, trust building and icebreaking scripts, these are ideas. Don't feel like these are, I need to memorize this. So look for, I was about to say, okay, for memorizing weddings. Emotionally driven, open and inquisitive.

questions to get to know your client. So, uh, ideas of this, tell me the story of how you both met, who made the first move? How did it happen? Tell me about the first moment where you just knew this is my person. Obviously I want you to choose these questions based on who you are. These are just ideas, right? So if any of these come across as tacky to you, don't, don't use them, um, for boudoir, right? Have you ever done a boudoir session before, or is this your first time? And then we have followups. Well, I'd love to hear that story. What made you want to?

reach out to do a boudoir session now. What made you decide to do a boudoir session, or I think I just, yeah, I think I just hit that one twice. Why does right now feel like the right time, right? Okay, maternity. What inspired you to do a maternity session? Is this your first child or do you already have little ones? Oh, tell me about your family. What's been the most beautiful or unexpected part of this pregnancy journey for you so far? And this is where I like this question, has a bit more sensitivity.

than questions like, how's this pregnancy been? This feels a lot more empathetic and sensitive to potentially someone that might not be having an easy pregnancy, okay? All right, and then I'm giving you, for more ideas, open-ended questions, you just simply grab this. You're gonna go right into ChatGPT, and it's gonna give you examples based on your niche. It's based on the first few moments of a conversation to get more concepts from this. Pretty simple.

Really easy to use. So if you all have any questions on this though, jump into the mastermind group. Let's open each of our conversations with these questions that are not only open-ended, that help us to kind of start building rapport, that build trust, and then we're gonna move to the next step. Okay, so last but not least, once basic rapport and trust is established, well, what do we do next? This is kind of our topic for the next module. But basically, once we've built rapport and created trust, really, we've already started to get.

somewhat into identifying their problem and need. Like I mentioned, several of the questions, you're gonna get clues in there. But then once we've established basic level of trust and rapport, we go right to the wave. The wave is the process that we're gonna hit in the next module. Some of our members, Thomas calls it the magic booking tool. It's not magical, it's just a psychological sales framework that I created to basically help our salespeople in our studio get.

consistent results with sales. Because what we noticed was that if someone was inherently decent with sales, if they had charisma, if they already, they could close, right? But for the average person that didn't have these tools, they couldn't. And they also couldn't figure out what the client was actually wanting. So what we'd end up doing is we'd go and do a shoot and we'd come back, we'd have great photos, they'd look magical, they'd look awesome, but then a client might, every now and then, go, I don't like the photos. And we'd go, that's so weird, they're technically accurate. This is like 15 years ago, right? These photos are technically beautiful, there's.

there's beautiful color, there's all this stuff, but they didn't like them. And so I designed this process to uncover what somebody values, right? And then once we understand what they value, we know exactly what type of images to create. So that process will not only help you to identify their problems and needs, it's gonna help you to actually become a better photographer in the process. And it's also gonna set up the next keys of how do we develop the value proposition, which is basically the package we're gonna push to them, not push, that's the wrong word, package we're gonna push to them.

promote or whatever we're going to offer. And then how do we present how that solution is a good fit for those, those needs, the things that they bring up. Right. So it's going to guide the entire way that we finish out the sales conversation going all the way through to the close. When we get to the wave, that's where I say like, I want you to learn this process. I want you to master the wave, the specifics of the words. You can change, you can flip flop. If you guys have watched me and you will see me do wave role plays. When you watch me do a role play, I'm not

saying the exact same words every time, but I am following the same steps each time, okay? So that's where I want you to follow the steps, like understand it, internalize it, and then make it yours essentially. But this is where we're gonna go deep into that. So we're gonna end for now. Jump the next module when you are ready.