First, let me just show you. Does it work? Yes, this works. In this world where everything is moving towards AI, right? In this world where we're getting less and less human interaction, the human response is only gonna become that much more valuable. I know in your heads, you're probably thinking, oh, but some people don't wanna be called. Oh, but some people really like to text instead. Okay, some people do, but the vast majority, if they have an issue, if they want a service, we would really.

love to just talk to somebody, okay? If they say, can we talk over text? If they say, can we do this on a DM? If they say, you know, can we do this on email? You know, I'm gonna try to guide them towards the phone, but if they ultimately refuse, then I'll say, okay, let's meet them where they're at. But why not get their information and why not call them immediately? So I want you to commit to the five minute rule. That's the next piece that we're actually gonna sign. And I know there's a possibility that you might be shooting.

You're with family, you're with whatever. So what I'm going to say is you're committing to call each lead within five minutes of receiving it when possible. Okay. I don't want, you know, if you get a lead at 10 PM at night, it's not professional to call them back because why aren't you doing your own stuff? Why aren't you asleep? Why aren't you spending time with your family? Why don't you, why aren't you doing whatever? I would be asleep by nine, by the way. Um, but my point is, is like, there's certain times where it just doesn't make sense, right? But during the day, if we don't have a meeting, if we.

aren't shooting, then absolutely we should be calling them back. If we have a moment, that's free. Now, when it's not possible, you're going to commit to calling your leads within the next ideal time window. So that's going to be either four to six or eight to 10 or six to seven, pick one of these next ideal time windows and you're going to call them back. Ideally way before 24 hours hits. Okay. So that's what we're, we're going to do. And, and you're going to be surprised at how many people, when you call them within five minutes, they are stoked to hear from you. You're like.

Oh my goodness, this is such great service. I can't believe you called me that fast. I can't believe, and it'll blow you away how many of these people are going to book right there after finishing the wave and the entire sales process right there over the phone. Okay. Uh, if you need more examples of that, just ask the group. There's, there's tons of them. All right, we're done with this one. All right. So first goal is to open and begin to build trust, right? So again, the concept here is why people buy. The first thing we talk.

about as well, people buy because somebody reached out to them first. So we've got that covered. That's our low-hanging fruit. The next piece is, well, because people trust you, because they like you, because they know that you're their advocate, right? So what we're gonna do is get the actual sale out of our head for a moment. When we start the conversation, let's start by actually building a little bit of trust. So you're gonna open and then build trust. And generally this is going to, the time lengths of this vary. I don't wanna give you hard rules because some clients.

will be like, you'll talk to them on the phone and they just wanna shoot the shit for 20, 30 minutes. Some clients, most people on the phone, they kinda wanna get right into things. Some clients in person kind of wanna chat for a few minutes. Some will wanna go for a long time. So I want you to use your judgment in this, but I'm gonna give you some basic ideas. During the first few seconds slash minutes of a conversation I'm not trying to really ask anything that's photography specific. I'm trying to understand who they are and understand a bit about.

their journey. In person this opening process might be two to five minutes on average and again some people it'll go longer. On the phone it's usually just one question in 30 seconds okay and then I'm trying to get to know them throughout the rest of the conversation. But the reason why is that we're in the middle of a trust recession and in my opinion it's only gonna get worse right we have a hard time trusting almost anything right now. We've had so many negative experiences and you could just put in brackets

It's like insert whatever name, whatever business, whatever. We're frustrated with these big, bold claims. We have a hard time trusting anybody who's making these promises. And case in point, it probably took a lot of energy, a lot of thought from each of you to eventually get to a point where like you joined this program, right? So there's most definitely a trust recession happening. This is why we wanna build trust, that we wanna open with kind of a bit of rapport building and advocacy at the beginning.

Now, what value do you provide if it's not your photos, your technical knowledge, because we talked about all that. Those are not features, those are expectations, right? So why would a client find value in what you do? How do you show value? Honestly, one of my favorite ways, and I think one of the most powerful ways of showing value is by being a human genuinely interested in meaningful connection. It's what I try to do with each of you during our open sessions. It's what I try to do with you as we're online in the future.

Facebook group chatting. It's what we do in our live filming sessions as well as in our boot camps, is I am genuinely interested in your success and I wanna create connections with each of you. And when you do that with your clients, there is so much intrinsic value in that, that it almost sounds fluffy and I get it. I understand that this sounds fluffy. It's not, okay? Our desire to connect with each other is literally one of our core.

human needs. You can look on any psychological chart. You want to look at Maslow's hierarchy. You want to look wherever you want to look. Our need to feel connected is at the top of our, our instinctual needs. Okay. Or at the top of one of these instinctual needs. And yet so few businesses actually implement this well. So few photographers actually implement this well. Most people approach the conversation as just another sale, as.

It's just another check, it's just another few thousand dollars to help me pay my rent. I want to flip that kind of mentality because there is tremendous value in this basic concept even though it sounds like floof. Your question might be though, but what if they want to go, this is always where these conversations go because every time I bring these things up, somebody's always like, but what if they want to go back into price? I'm like, okay, then remember like our

our sales product. Okay, we go back to that exact thing. Prices start at, and most of my clients typically spend. Is it okay with you? You literally go back to the last lesson. But I'm gonna give you the actual kind of opening and your price handlers as well. So let's look at what that would look like. These are just examples, by the way. Please feel free to make these yours. But step one, a potential opener, when you first call somebody, because for most people, the first interaction you're gonna have with them is gonna be over the phone, right? They deliver.

a lead to you, whether it's through your contact form, whether it's through a DM, you get their phone number, you get their email. So when you call, I might say something like, hey so-and-so, I just got your info actually. I have 15 minutes for my next meeting, you know, if it's true, and I wanna give you a quick call. And if you don't have another meeting, by the way, in my life I feel like there's always something to do within the next 15, 20 minutes. So I can make this true almost every single time, okay? But if you don't have anything, then say, hey, I just got your inquiry.

I happen to have a few minutes, so I thought I'd give you a quick call, okay? That's your opener. Then we go into a little bit of open-ended trust builders. And what we're doing with these is we're just asking an open-ended question about their client journey, okay? So we can learn a bit about them, begins building some trust. So if we're talking about a wedding, and I'm gonna give you an AI tool as we go through these lessons to help you think of more of these if you want. But for right now, let's just kind of think of some examples, right? If we're talking about a

wedding, I might start with like, right after saying this, this potential opening line, I give you a quick call and they're like, Oh, thank you so much. Um, you know, I'm, I'm, that's crazy how fast you got back to me. I'm like, no, I, I really like to, to chat with my clients like right away, um, and be available to you. But look, before we start, tell me what's the wedding planning process been like for you so far. Now, when we ask these questions, we're not thinking of the next question. I want you to listen. These open ended, even early questions.

questions will yield so much value in terms of like, what are their frustrations? What are the things that they're looking for? Where are the potential openings there? So pay attention to what they say. If they're calling for a boudoir shoot, I might say something like, you know, I'd love to know what inspired you to book a boudoir shoot. What's the story behind that decision? You notice how these aren't closed-ended questions where there's a yes or no answer. These are open-ended questions where it can lead us into the emotional kind of thought.

space right the the where they can explain some of their thoughts some of their their ideas where we can hear the words the vocabulary that are using if it's maternity hey before we get into it um how's the the this pregnancy been for you so far like what surprised you the most now i'm going to give you a caution behind this i'm going to give you a few versions of this that i think could be a little bit better um and we'll talk about that in just a minute but these are ideas and again if they're hung up on price you know that you're