10 keys to building trust and rapport. So we're still in this phase, although what we're gonna be talking about here really translates throughout the entire process. And we are gonna pick up some of the stuff from here. But what I wanna do is actually get specific with different, I don't wanna call them, let's call them techniques, okay? I don't wanna call them tactics because tactics can kind of sound disingenuine. I want these to be techniques and things that you personalize and make yours. But I wanna give you 10 specific techniques to help you.

in communication, in building trust. All right. One of the things that, so my mentor John Solano mentioned, this was one of our, I think this was a coffee shop meeting when he was considering actually bringing me out for a few weddings to kind of show me what wedding photography looked like. He said, you know, I really like talking to you, Pi. I feel like photographers don't need photography school. They need charm school. And I was like, that's an interesting thing to say. It's interesting to me when somebody that has 20.

of experience says something like that is stuck in my mind and I kind of wanted to understand what he meant by it and as I got more and more into the industry I realized just how right he was like and that's kind of what this lesson is designed to be is to to give you some ideas of what charm school looks like and to give you some resources if you want to go further into it what I've done here is I've kind of distilled you know 15 years of experience as well as all the different books that I'd read or

over this course, down into kind of 10 simple techniques that you can utilize and run with. At the end of this, I will give you the, not the complete list of books, but a list of my favorite books on the topic. But honestly, I feel like you'll have enough from this to just kind of run with, okay? So key technique number one is choosing clients that you can actually love. Remember I mentioned this back in step one, and there was a reason for that. The reason for that is, is how do you serve, how do you document someone's life?

if you don't love who they are, right? If you constantly are frustrated with bridezillas, why would you want to be a wedding photographer? If you hate dealing with moms that are like, you know, over the top crazy, why would you want to do this? Similarly, if you, you know, don't really, if you find photographing newborns to be frustrating, which I do, I would not design my business around that. That would be inherently frustrating. Every client is going to be annoying to deal with. But I actually love dealing with wedding clients and I find

I actually enjoy when I get parents who are difficult or anybody who is difficult, because I'm like, I bet they just kind of want to be understood. And when I step in and play that role, it is the most hilarious thing to me to watch them interact with me like I'm their son, and then to like treat everybody else like crap. And I don't like that, but I find it hilarious because what they really wanted was someone to step in to understand them. And once someone does, they're like, oh, that person's different. And it's kind of fascinating.

It's like a challenge to me. Anyway, they should be nice to everybody, but they're not. Let's just be real. All right, so key number two, okay? So number one is hopefully we chose a client that we can love, right? Key number two is I want you to be genuinely excited to talk to clients, but smile slowly. What does that mean, okay? Genuinely excited means that like if you look at the way that most of the time, okay? I'm not gonna say I do this all the time because I have my off days too. But most of the time when we talk, I'm.

I'm excited to have our conversations, right? I'm leaning forward, I'm sitting up, I'm engaged with you. I'm looking directly at you as you're speaking and I'm trying to convey things while looking at you as well. I'm excited for these conversations. The thing that we don't wanna do, and this sounds tactical, but it's actually kind of important, is smile slowly. Meaning, what's the opposite of this? It's smiling fast, right? Smiling fast comes off as disingenuine. I'm gonna show you exactly what it looks like. You come to me and let's say that you're looking

paternity photography, right? Oh my gosh, I'm so excited for you. I'm so stoked. You're gonna absolutely, how's the pregnancy been so far? Has it been amazing? That is disingenuous. That is the opposite of smiling slowly. What would be more realistic is, congratulations, that's amazing. Is this your first baby? And allowing it to slowly form, not being overly enthusiastic, not being like, ah, like I gotta, that.

That I can I don't know if maybe you guys feel the same way but I feel like in my industry specifically with weddings this is so painfully apparent with wedding planners like every time I see a bride talk to a wedding planner for the first time it's oh my goodness are you so excited I can't believe and I'm like this is this is too much this is coming off as disingenuine so there's this technique called smile slowly and that's what I want you to hold in your mind

mind. We want to be happy. We want to be excited. We want to support them in the journey, but we want this to come on in a natural and genuine way and smile slowly is your kind of way to do that. Okay, technique number three. So being present. This is, Olivia Fox Cabane has this beautiful book and it's one of the ones that I put on my list. It's called The Charisma Myth. Having charisma is most definitely a skill, a skill that can be learned. And one of the most critical keys to actually.

Having charisma is being present. It's being in the moment. It's actually staying in the conversation So one of the the kind of little I guess this would be a tactic One of the things that I like to do is show them and so I'll say, you know What guys before we start the conversation even on zoom? I'll say hey before we start Let me just quickly just silence my phone real fast and put that down. So you have my full attention I might by the way take some notes while we talk So if you hear the keyboard it's just because I'm writing down and and jotting down the things that we

talk about. So that is all done to help them understand that you are my priority. I am here with you right now and I'm completely present. There is nothing, like how many times have each of you been having lunch with a friend who you're in the middle of a conversation and they just pick up their phone? How do you feel in that moment? Do you feel like you want to continue the conversation? Or do you feel like you want to pick up your phone too?

Like, oh, well, if you're not gonna pay attention, then I'm not gonna pay attention. Or better yet, like when someone does that to me, I feel like, well, if this conversation and what we're doing here is not worth your time, then it's not worth my time either, and I wanna leave. So being present is huge in terms of maintaining charisma in a conversation, okay? Key technique number four, I want you to be genuine. This means that we're not feigning kindness or compliments. I want you to compliment if it's genuine.

Okay, compliment somebody if it's something that you know about, like if someone's wearing a shirt that you like, like this is a Jiu-Jitsu shirt, right? Only somebody that does Jiu-Jitsu would know this brand. I'll lean to the side, the Jiu-Jitera, right? So if someone sees the shirt and they're like, oh, I dig that shirt, man, do you do Jiu-Jitsu? Great, oh, thanks, dude, yeah, I do. That'd be a very meaningful way of starting. But if they're like, oh, I love your shirt, Pi, and I'm like, oh, cool, do you do Jiu-Jitsu? And they're like, no.

I just think it's a cool word. All right, man, awesome. It comes off as fake, it comes off as desperate. I want you to be genuine. I want you to compliment, but do it while being yourself. Don't ever leave that part out, okay? Don't compliment with things that have no meaning to you because it will come across as very empty, surface level. Key technique number five, remember their names, use them often in conversation. So someone.

ask, like, do I say mom and dad at weddings? I do at the very beginning. At the start of the day, when I'm just getting to know everybody, I'll say mom, I'll say dad, I'll say brother, I'll say sister, and then I keep asking, like, mom, tell me your name, and then I'll work to remember the name, and I'll, one of my tricks for this is once they tell your name, just use it within the next, like, two minutes. Use it a couple times the next two minutes, and then it'll stay with you much easier. So just kind of, like, try to recall it every couple minutes for the first few minutes, and then it'll stick with you throughout the day.

But use their names. Make sure that you pronounce it right, okay? There's nothing worse than like having a name that's like Payam is my full name, right? And if somebody's like, Pi, is that short for something? I'm like, yeah, it's short for Payam. And they're like, oh, that's cool. Can I just call you Payam? I can't tell you how often I get that. I'm like, no, actually, that's why my nickname is Pi. Like, just call me Pi. Like, that's good. So if you're gonna learn their name, make sure we're pronouncing it correctly.

Otherwise, it's just, again, a sign of us not really caring or trying hard enough, right? Key number six, I want you to sit forward in an active posture that shows that you're interested, it shows that you're engaged, and I want you to do that even when you're on the phone, okay? Even when they can't see your face, I still want you to do it because it comes out in the way that you speak. Something happens, and it's difficult to explain, but as soon as I start leaning back and as soon as I start taking a more relaxed posture...