All right, so first goal is to open and begin to build trust, right? So again, the concept here is why people buy. The first thing we talk about is, well, people buy because somebody reached out to them first. So we've got that covered. That's our low-hanging fruit. The next piece is, well, because people trust you, because they like you, because they know that you're their advocate, right? So what we're going to do is get the actual sale out of our head for a moment. When we start the conversation, let's start by actually building a little bit of trust. So you're going to open.

and then build trust and generally this is going to uh the time lengths of this vary i don't want to give you hard rules because some clients will be like you'll talk to them on the phone and they just want to shoot the shit for 20-30 minutes right some clients they most people on the phone they kind of want to get right into things some clients in person kind of want to you know chat for a few minutes some will want to go for a long time so i want you to use your judgment in this but i'm going to give you some basic ideas during the first few

few seconds slash minutes of a conversation, I'm not trying to really ask anything that's photography specific. I'm trying to understand who they are and understand a bit about their journey. In person, this opening process might be two to five minutes on average. And again, some people it'll go longer. On the phone, it's usually just one question in 30 seconds, okay? And then I'm trying to get to know them throughout the rest of the conversation. But the reason why is that we're in the middle of a trust recession.

And in my opinion, it's only gonna get worse, right? We have a hard time trusting almost anything right now. We've had so many negative experiences and you could just put in brackets, like insert whatever name, whatever business, whatever. We're frustrated with these big, bold claims. We have a hard time trusting anybody who's making these promises. And case in point, it probably took a lot of energy, a lot of thought from each of you to eventually get to a point where like you joined this program, right? So there's most definitely a.

trust recession happening. This is why we wanna build trust, that we wanna open with kind of a bit of rapport building and advocacy at the beginning. Now, what value do you provide if it's not your photos, your technical knowledge? Because we talked about all that. Those are not features, those are expectations, right? So why would a client find value in what you do? How do you show value? Honestly, one of my favorite ways, and I think one of the most powerful ways of showing value is by being a human.

genuinely interested in meaningful connection. It's what I try to do with each of you during our open sessions. It's what I try to do with you as we're online in a Facebook group chatting. It's what we do in our live filming sessions as well as in our boot camps, is I am genuinely interested in your success and I wanna create connections with each of you. And when you do that with your clients, there is so much intrinsic value in that, that,

It almost sounds fluffy, and I get it. I understand that this sounds fluffy. It's not, okay? Our desire to connect with each other is literally one of our core human needs. You can look on any psychological chart. You wanna look at Maslow's Hierarchy, you wanna look wherever you wanna look. Our need to feel connected is at the top of our instinctual needs, okay? Or at the top of one of these instinctual needs. And yet, so few businesses actually do that.

implement this well. So few photographers actually implement this well. Most people approach the conversation as just another sale, as just another check, as just another you know few thousand dollars to help me pay my rent. I want to flip that kind of mentality because there is tremendous value in this basic concept even though it sounds like floof. So your question might be though but what if they want to go

like this is always where these conversations go. Because every time I bring these things up, somebody's always like, but what if they want to go back into price? And I'm like, okay, then remember like our sales product. Okay, we go back to that exact thing. Prices start at, and most of my clients typically spend. Is it okay with you? You literally go back to the last lesson. But I'm gonna give you the actual kind of opening and your price handlers as well. So let's look at what that would look like. These are just examples, by the way. Please feel free to make these yours. Thank you.

A step one, a potential opener when you first call somebody, because for most people, the first interaction you're gonna have with them is gonna be over the phone, right? They deliver a lead to you, whether it's through your contact form, whether it's through a DM, you get their phone number, you get their email. So when you call, I might say something like, hey, so-and-so, I just got your info, actually. I have 15 minutes for my next meeting, if it's true, and I wanna give you a quick call. And if you don't have another meeting, by the way, in my life, I feel like there's always some.

to do within the next 15, 20 minutes. So I can make this true almost every single time, okay? But if you don't have anything, then say, hey, I just got your inquiry. I happen to have a few minutes, so I thought I'd give you a quick call. Okay? That's your opener. Then we go into a little bit of open-ended trust builders. And what we're doing with these is we're just asking an open-ended question about their client journey, okay? So we can learn a bit about them, begins building some trust. So if we're talking about a wedding,

And I'm gonna give you an AI tool as we go through these lessons to help you think of more of these if you want. But for right now, let's just kind of think of some examples, right? If we're talking about a wedding, I might start with like right after saying this potential opening line, I give you a quick call and they're like, oh, thank you so much. You know, that's crazy how fast you got back to me. I'm like, no, I really like to chat with my clients like right away and be available to you. But look, before we start, tell me what's the wedding planning process been like for you so far?

Now, when we ask these questions, we're not thinking of the next question, I want you to listen. These open-ended, even early questions will yield so much value in terms of like, what are their frustrations, what are the things that they're looking for, where are the potential openings there, so pay attention to what they say. If they're calling for a boudoir shoot, I might say something like, you know, I'd love to know what inspired you to book a boudoir shoot, what's the story behind that decision? You know?

Notice how these aren't closed-ended questions where there's a yes or no answer. These are open-ended questions where it can lead us into the emotional kind of thought space where they can explain some of their thoughts, some of their ideas, where we can hear the words, the vocabulary they're using. If it's maternity, hey, before we get into it, how has this pregnancy been for you so far? What surprised you the most? Now, I'm going to give you a caution behind this. I'm going to give you a few versions of this that I think could be a little bit more helpful.

a little bit better. And we'll talk about that in just a minute. But these are ideas. And again, if they're hung up on price, you know the deal. You go right back to this. And then this is one of my, this is what I was mentioning to you, that kind of power move. Look, there's no obligation or pressure in this car. My goal is to help you find the perfect photographer. And even if that's not me, I wanna help you find the right fit. I might say something like, even if we find that we're not a good fit for each other, I wanna help you find the right fit.

Because the dynamic changes a lot right when I'm not you're not just interviewing me. I'm also interviewing you That changes and again it establishes a stronger frame around the the conversation But there's still warmth in it because I want to help you find the right fit Even if we find out that we're not a good fit for each other. I still want to help you find the right fit Okay, so easy-peasy we have How to open

in the conversation where to go in case they get hung up on price. We've covered that twice already. I feel like we've covered that more, but you can stay in control, maintain your frame and do it with warmth. Let's jump now to the next lesson, because we're going to talk about some keys to kind of maintain as we go through the conversation.