10 keys to building trust and rapport. So we're still in this phase, although what we're gonna be talking about here really translates throughout the entire process. And we are gonna pick up some of the stuff from here. But what I wanna do is actually get specific with different, I don't wanna call them, let's call them techniques, okay? I don't wanna call them tactics because tactics can kind of sound disingenuine. I want these to be techniques and things that you personalize and make yours. But I wanna give you 10 specific techniques to help you.

in communication, in building trust. All right. One of the things that, so my mentor John Solano mentioned, this was one of our, I think this was a coffee shop meeting when he was considering actually bringing me out for a few weddings to kind of show me what wedding photography looked like. He said, you know, I really like talking to you, Pi. I feel like photographers don't need photography school. They need charm school. And I was like, that's an interesting thing to say. It's interesting to me when somebody that has 20.

of experience says something like that is stuck in my mind and I kind of wanted to understand what he meant by it and as I got more and more into the industry I realized just how right he was like and that's kind of what this lesson is designed to be is to to give you some ideas of what charm school looks like and to give you some resources if you want to go further into it what I've done here is I've kind of distilled you know 15 years of experience as well as all the different books that I'd read or

over this course, down into kind of 10 simple techniques that you can utilize and run with. At the end of this, I will give you the, not the complete list of books, but a list of my favorite books on the topic. But honestly, I feel like you'll have enough from this to just kind of run with, okay? So key technique number one is choosing clients that you can actually love. Remember I mentioned this back in step one, and there was a reason for that. The reason for that is, is how do you serve, how do you document someone's life?

if you don't love who they are, right? If you constantly are frustrated with bridezillas, why would you want to be a wedding photographer? If you hate dealing with moms that are like, you know, over the top crazy, why would you want to do this? Similarly, if you, you know, don't really, if you find photographing newborns to be frustrating, which I do, I would not design my business around that. That would be inherently frustrating. Every client is going to be annoying to deal with. But I actually love dealing with wedding clients and I find

I actually enjoy when I get parents who are difficult or anybody who is difficult, because I'm like, I bet they just kind of want to be understood. And when I step in and play that role, it is the most hilarious thing to me to watch them interact with me like I'm their son, and then to like treat everybody else like crap. And I don't like that, but I find it hilarious because what they really wanted was someone to step in to understand them. And once someone does, they're like, oh, that person's different. And it's kind of fascinating.

It's like a challenge to me. Anyway, they should be nice to everybody, but they're not. Let's just be real. All right, so key number two, okay? So number one is hopefully we chose a client that we can love, right? Key number two is I want you to be genuinely excited to talk to clients, but smile slowly. What does that mean, okay? Genuinely excited means that like if you look at the way that most of the time, okay? I'm not gonna say I do this all the time because I have my off days too. But most of the time when we talk, I'm.

I'm excited to have our conversations, right? I'm leaning forward, I'm sitting up, I'm engaged with you. I'm looking directly at you as you're speaking and I'm trying to convey things while looking at you as well. I'm excited for these conversations. The thing that we don't wanna do, and this sounds tactical, but it's actually kind of important, is smile slowly. Meaning, what's the opposite of this? It's smiling fast, right? Smiling fast comes off as disingenuine. I'm gonna show you exactly what it looks like. You come to me and let's say that you're looking

paternity photography, right? Oh my gosh, I'm so excited for you. I'm so stoked. You're gonna absolutely, how's the pregnancy been so far? Has it been amazing? That is disingenuous. That is the opposite of smiling slowly. What would be more realistic is, congratulations, that's amazing. Is this your first baby? And allowing it to slowly form, not being overly enthusiastic, not being like, ah, like I gotta, that.

That I can I don't know if maybe you guys feel the same way but I feel like in my industry specifically with weddings this is so painfully apparent with wedding planners like every time I see a bride talk to a wedding planner for the first time it's oh my goodness are you so excited I can't believe and I'm like this is this is too much this is coming off as disingenuine so there's this technique called smile slowly and that's what I want you to hold in your mind

mind. We want to be happy. We want to be excited. We want to support them in the journey, but we want this to come on in a natural and genuine way and smile slowly is your kind of way to do that. Okay, technique number three. So being present. This is, Olivia Fox Cabane has this beautiful book and it's one of the ones that I put on my list. It's called The Charisma Myth. Having charisma is most definitely a skill, a skill that can be learned. And one of the most critical keys to actually.

Having charisma is being present. It's being in the moment. It's actually staying in the conversation So one of the the kind of little I guess this would be a tactic One of the things that I like to do is show them and so I'll say, you know What guys before we start the conversation even on zoom? I'll say hey before we start Let me just quickly just silence my phone real fast and put that down. So you have my full attention I might by the way take some notes while we talk So if you hear the keyboard it's just because I'm writing down and and jotting down the things that we

talk about. So that is all done to help them understand that you are my priority. I am here with you right now and I'm completely present. There is nothing, like how many times have each of you been having lunch with a friend who you're in the middle of a conversation and they just pick up their phone? How do you feel in that moment? Do you feel like you want to continue the conversation? Or do you feel like you want to pick up your phone too?

Like, oh, well, if you're not gonna pay attention, then I'm not gonna pay attention. Or better yet, like when someone does that to me, I feel like, well, if this conversation and what we're doing here is not worth your time, then it's not worth my time either, and I wanna leave. So being present is huge in terms of maintaining charisma in a conversation, okay? Key technique number four, I want you to be genuine. This means that we're not feigning kindness or compliments. I want you to compliment if it's genuine.

Okay, compliment somebody if it's something that you know about, like if someone's wearing a shirt that you like, like this is a Jiu-Jitsu shirt, right? Only somebody that does Jiu-Jitsu would know this brand. I'll lean to the side, the Jiu-Jitera, right? So if someone sees the shirt and they're like, oh, I dig that shirt, man, do you do Jiu-Jitsu? Great, oh, thanks, dude, yeah, I do. That'd be a very meaningful way of starting. But if they're like, oh, I love your shirt, Pi, and I'm like, oh, cool, do you do Jiu-Jitsu? And they're like, no.

I just think it's a cool word. All right, man, awesome. It comes off as fake, it comes off as desperate. I want you to be genuine. I want you to compliment, but do it while being yourself. Don't ever leave that part out, okay? Don't compliment with things that have no meaning to you because it will come across as very empty, surface level. Key technique number five, remember their names, use them often in conversation. So someone.

ask, like, do I say mom and dad at weddings? I do at the very beginning. At the start of the day, when I'm just getting to know everybody, I'll say mom, I'll say dad, I'll say brother, I'll say sister, and then I keep asking, like, mom, tell me your name, and then I'll work to remember the name, and I'll, one of my tricks for this is once they tell your name, just use it within the next, like, two minutes. Use it a couple times the next two minutes, and then it'll stay with you much easier. So just kind of, like, try to recall it every couple minutes for the first few minutes, and then it'll stick with you throughout the day.

But use their names. Make sure that you pronounce it right, okay? There's nothing worse than like having a name that's like Payam is my full name, right? And if somebody's like, Pi, is that short for something? I'm like, yeah, it's short for Payam. And they're like, oh, that's cool. Can I just call you Payam? I can't tell you how often I get that. I'm like, no, actually, that's why my nickname is Pi. Like, just call me Pi. Like, that's good. So if you're gonna learn their name, make sure we're pronouncing it correctly.

Otherwise, it's just, again, a sign of us not really caring or trying hard enough, right? Key number six, I want you to sit forward in an active posture that shows that you're interested, it shows that you're engaged, and I want you to do that even when you're on the phone, okay? Even when they can't see your face, I still want you to do it because it comes out in the way that you speak. Something happens, and it's difficult to explain, but as soon as I start leaning back and as soon as I start taking a more relaxed posture...

I speak in a way that's less energetic and it's more relaxed. It just comes natural. The body language kind of, our voice mirrors the body language we create. And then as soon as I start kind of sitting forward and going to more of an active posture, I can lean in. I can get into our conversation and show I'm interested and actually engaged. I don't know why that is. I just know that it translates over the phone, it translates on a Zoom call, it translates in person. So I want you to maintain active body.

language. Okay, we've talked about this one quite a bit. Key technique number seven is to stop talking to remember the 80-20 rule. 20% of the time when you're talking you're primarily guiding the conversation and it's a little bit different when you get into a space where you're explaining something. In those moments you might talk more. Obviously in a lecture space like this, this is a space where you'd be talking the entire time, right? There are moments inside of a presentation where you might, on our presentation, moments in the

inside of a sales conversation where you might actually need to present some information. Don't beat yourself up for those moments. As we look at the conversation in a whole, you should be guiding the conversation and speaking around 20% of the time, leaving most of the room for them to describe things, okay? Technique number eight, I want you to actively listen. So this means that you are not only present, you're not thinking about the next thing you wanna say. This is what I mentioned earlier, and it's very difficult to actually do. It's.

It's very difficult to just stay in a moment, listen to what someone's saying without trying to think of what you wanna say next because we worry about those moments of silence, right? We don't want any silence that feels awkward to us. What I would say first is start learning to get comfortable with a bit of silence, like right now. It's okay for me to stop talking to let you digest something. I do that all the time in our lectures. I do that all the time.

do that all the time in our conversations, allow yourself to do that. And when you allow yourself to actually take a breath in between thoughts and ideas and to leave room for silence, you'll find that you can actually actively listen far better because you're not looking for the next thing to actually say. There's nothing more frustrating in a conversation than for me to not only have that conversation but to observe it, right? I've observed a lot of sales conversations and what I'll hear is the client will say something.

Like, I remember a recent sales call that I was giving feedback for, it was for my physical therapy business client, right? And I'm listening to the sales call and this woman goes, my daughter is in kind of a very difficult mental space right now because she's taken away from the sport that she loves. I want to know that like, she's working with somebody who can listen as well as give her physical therapy and guidance. And the person goes, oh, that's great. Yeah, you're really going to love our.

therapists so when do you think you would be able to that's not actively listening actively listening means that she would have engaged on that she would have said oh tell me more about that like what's it been like for her how when did you start noticing this oh what you're really gonna appreciate about this is that part of what our therapists do is is mental coaching mental guidance they've been there they've done this with a lot of different people and so that's gonna immediately help your daughter to

to feel better. So look for parts of the conversation that you can show understanding, that you can start mirroring and parroting back to them instead of just looking for the next thing to say. Okay, key technique number nine, carry authority with warmth. Without warmth, you come off as an arrogant asshole. Like seriously, there's a huge difference between this, okay? There's a big difference between me saying something like, let's say that example.

of mom coming up to me and saying that I need to go, you know, I should shoot these detail shots differently. If I said, mom, you hired me to be the photographer, let me do my thing, and you do your thing. I'm just a dick, okay? Versus, mom, I want you to relax. The one thing that you remember today is being present, being in the moment. I want that to come through in all the images that I create. I hear you on this, though. I'm gonna go create that shot with some florals. I'm gonna bring.

back for you to look at, but after that, I don't want you to worry about it, but if you do have good ideas, you come to me, okay? There's a huge difference in authority with warmth versus authority without. I want you to always carry the warmth with you, and that warmth comes in body language. It also comes in tone, right? It also comes in the specific words, obviously, that we say, too. Okay. Key technique number 10, you're going to look to serve. It's rare.

Rare are those that look to serve others, okay? If you're always acting in the best interest of your potential client, this is why advocacy is such a huge piece of what we're doing, right? If you're looking to serve, your ability to convert goes through the roof. If a client feels like you are their advocate, it goes through the roof, okay? So we want reasons why people buy. These are 10 concrete reasons why people buy. Now what I...

love for you to do is after like I'm encouraging each of you and I'm going to reiterate this quite a bit throughout the sales modules. I want you to be recording your sales conversations and I want you to go back to those at the end of the sales training. I'm going to give you a checklist and I want to see, did you check off each of these items? Now it's not important that at the beginning that you check off every single one. Okay. What's important is that after each call you can check off an additional box and we keep going until we can check all these items off. But these 10

This is your charm school. This is what John was saying, was like a lot of people don't inherently do these things. And if you simply do this in a sales call, like I mentioned earlier, you can mess up the entire close. You can mess up the discussion about like, like what were the services. You can mess up a lot of different things. If you do these steps, you're gonna close. You're gonna get the job, okay? More likely than not, you will get it still. And that's where I kind of.

I tell each of you, look, just because you flubbed a certain part of a sales call, doesn't mean that you didn't succeed. It doesn't mean that you aren't getting better at this. Like, if you're doing these steps, you're on the way. Okay, someone asked, by the way, do you record or do you ask permission to record the sales call? If it's on Zoom, I actually don't ask permission because what I do is I start the recording before the conversation begins. Or you can even start it like at the, you know.

I like being the first person in the room, so I generally join at five minutes early, and then I start the recording right then, right? So what you'll hear right now, if I press the record button, recording in progress, is that. So as soon as you join a room, as soon as you join a room where somebody is recording, it says that, right? And if they have an objection to it, they're gonna bring it up. They're gonna say, oh, I didn't know you'd be recording this. And you say, oh yeah, I like to record this just for training and education purposes. But if there's any issue, just let me know.

And they'll say, oh yeah, I'd prefer if this wasn't recorded or oh yeah, no problem. Eight out of 10, nine out of 10 clients will say, oh no problem. On occasion, somebody will say, oh yeah, I prefer not to be recorded. But you start the recording at the beginning and then when they enter, they get told that and then they have their, that's literally the legalese essentially of what Zoom is doing is it's giving everybody a heads up, right, that it's being recorded so they are aware. Okay, so as far as these go, like I said, I've distilled all this from.

a lot of different experience and education. If you wanna go deeper into this, this is my list of, my book of, my book, my book list for sales, charisma, and persuasion. And I kind of put these in my order of favorites, okay? So Charisma Myth is at the top. Honestly, I relate to Charisma Myth. It feels like a modern, more tactical version of how to win friends and influence people, which is why, like, I kind of put this one down on this. I still think that that's a classic book. It's still great. But the two that probably made the biggest.

this impact for me are these two. And then How to Win Friends, Never Split the Difference is fantastic. It's a book about how compromise is not really a good solution for anybody. Presence with Amy Cuddy, it's very much a charisma book. All these are fantastic books, but these first two are killers, okay? So if you wanna dive deeper, here's kind of a list of favorites to go to. All right, let's jump to the next lesson.