Okay, so why people buy, right? Well, we have another low-hanging fruit here that I wanna cover, and it's the five-minute rule. So reminder, low-hanging fruits, these are any strategies that are easy to implement and have a significant impact on your revenue, and the five-minute rule is one of those. So all the five-minute rule says is we're going to, as soon as we get a lead, we're gonna do our best, okay, to reach out to that lead within five minutes. So within five minutes, it would kinda preempt this process because within five minutes, we reach out to start.

the process of building rapport and creating trust right now here's why what if i told you and for those that are actually watching this live please put in the chat if you're watching this inside the lesson library please jump into facebook into the mastermind and let me know i'm going to ask you a question what if i told you that doing one thing which would take you no additional time mind you one thing which would take you no additional time what if it could improve your conversions by

400 to 800%. My question is, would you commit to doing it? Okay, it's such a dumb question, I get it. But every one of you is like, yeah, obviously I would do that. That's what we're talking about in the five minute rule. Now, the reason why I say it takes you no additional time is because you're gonna call the person anyway, right? So the only difference is doing it sooner than doing it later, right? There's this concept in sales, it's called speed to lead. And there's a good reason it's one of the.

the most famous sayings in sales. And what it means is when possible, you're gonna call the lead within five minutes, and the reason is that the five-minute benchmark, so calling the lead within five minutes increases the likelihood of contact by 100 times. So your likelihood of contact is whether they're gonna pick up the phone or not, okay? So it increases the likelihood of contact by 100 times compared to 30 minutes. Most of us are like, oh, I'm gonna get back to somebody in 24 hours, and we think that's great, right? This is 100x.

more likely to pick up the phone than compared with 30 minutes later. Not 24 hours, 30 minutes. Then there's more stats. Being the first responder wins, period. So research shows that at a minimum, 50 to almost 80% of sales literally go to the first vendor that responds to something. And this isn't one study, this is multiple studies, including a Harvard Business Review. So 50 to 80%.

percent of the decision when somebody needs to hire somebody, when they need to buy something, they go to the first person who responds. Okay. Then the conversion boost. When compared to 30 minutes, a five minute response time increases your chance to qualify by 21 times and it increases your conversion rate, this is where we got that number from, by four to 800 percent. All of this is to say that 24 hours.

hours is way too long. 24 hours as a response time when somebody's interested in something is way too long. And you can feel this out for yourself, right? When you are in a moment where you want to buy something, isn't it frustrating when you're literally ready to give up your money and you can't find the right product, you can't find the right solution, you can't find the right service? It is so annoying.

So I want you to follow this whenever like whenever it's it's actually possible. Okay, I'm going to give you guidance on that in a second. Because when something is on somebody's mind, when they're thinking about something, that is the best time to capture them. That's when they're most interested. That's when they want to hear from you. So I want you to call them. Now, you're probably asking like what times of day are best. Look, 4 to 6 p.m. are the ideal times of contact if you're going to call somebody back. Okay, 8 to 10.

or six to seven is the second best. So these are times of day that typically are best based on general statistics around the world. So your time obviously would be the thing to consider. What I want you to do though is, first, let me just show you. Does it work? Yes, this works. In this world where everything is moving towards AI, right? In this world where we're getting less and less human interaction, the human response.

is only going to become that much more valuable. I know in your heads, you're probably thinking, oh, but some people don't want to be called. Oh, but some people really like to, you know, text instead. Okay. Some people do, but the vast majority, if they have an issue, if they want a service, we would really love to just talk to somebody. Okay. If they say, can you, we talk over text. If they say, can we do this on a DM? If they say, you know, can we do this, uh, on, uh, email, you know, I'm going to try to guide them towards the phone. But if they ultimately refuse, then I'll see.

Say, okay, let's meet them where they're at, but why not get their information and why not call them immediately? So I want you to commit to the five minute rule. That's the next piece that we're actually gonna sign. And I know there's a possibility that you might be shooting. You're with family, you're with whatever. So what I'm gonna say is you're committing to call each lead within five minutes of receiving it when possible, okay? I don't want, if you get a lead at 10 p.m. at night, it's not professional to call them back because why aren't you?

doing your own stuff? Why aren't you asleep? Why aren't you spending time with your family? Why aren't you doing whatever? I would be asleep by nine, by the way. But my point is, is like there's certain times where it just doesn't make sense, right? But during the day, if we don't have a meeting, if we aren't shooting, then absolutely we should be calling them back. If we have a moment that's free. Now when it's not possible, you're gonna commit to calling your leads within the next ideal time window. So that's gonna be either four to six, or eight to 10, or six to seven. Pick one of these.

these next ideal time windows and you're gonna call them back. Ideally, way before 24 hours hits, okay? So that's what we're gonna do and you're gonna be surprised at how many people, when you call them within five minutes, they are stoked to hear from you. They're like, oh my goodness, this is such great service. I can't believe you called me that fast. I can't believe, and it'll blow you away how many of these people are gonna book right there after finishing the wave and the entire sales process right there over the phone, okay?

If you need more examples of that, just ask the group. There's tons of them. All right, we're done with this one.