Okay, so asking the right questions. Can we get more specific with things that we should say? And again, reviewing like what we're talking about here, we're still kind of in this process of building rapport and creating trust. But as you start asking these questions, you're gonna start hearing a lot of their problems, their needs, their values, if you listen close, okay? So there's some crossover over here before we kind of dive completely into identifying the customer's problem and need. So the question is.

Your clients walk in to meet with you in person, where do you start the conversation? And I would say that this is a great guide too if it's a Zoom call, right? I'm gonna give you a specific set of training, like there's a specific module on phone conversations because I find that phone conversations, they need to be a little bit more like quick and snappy. People tend to have much less patience over just a phone conversation than say like a Zoom conversation or even like an in-person. I say in-person conversations where there's.

the most flexibility and time. Zoom is like second most, but still quite a bit shorter. Like people usually expect those meetings to be maybe 30 minutes up to 60 minutes. I've had some in-person sessions go like two hours, okay? Because they wanna keep talking. Phone stuff usually needs to be like five, 10 minutes, unless we get to the close and we can kind of continue, but they're generally quite a bit shorter. Either way though, we still have the same goals. Whenever we're entering the sales conversation, we're aware of the three brains that we've talked about, the croc brain, the neocortex.

cortex and the limbic system. And your goal is let's hurdle past the croc brain with, you know, usually once we're meeting them in person or on Zoom, we've already done that. Okay, so we're there. What we really need to do is avoid the neocortex, okay? And then we need to stay in the limbic system. Where we're most concerned about getting past the croc brain is when we're calling them back with the five minute rule because they're not expecting the call. And so that's where our opening line is to kind of get past that. And we gave you the opening line. Okay.

So really the primary goal is like how do we avoid neocortex like deeper thinking and rationale and how do we stay in the limbic system and just to quickly review remember this is the croc brain is the instinctual part of the brain that's like oh man I don't want to is this just a sales call I don't want to deal with this is this a telemarketer it's that part of us that wants to conserve time and conserve resources and really wants to limit things that could potentially waste our time right the neocortex is where we want a lot of time to think we want time to compare we want to reason.

This is where we spend honestly most of our day because we're working. We're doing things that require complex thought processes and so we're spending most of our time here in this space as we drive from to and from we're kind of in between the croc brain the neocortex like how do I stay alive maintain all these like like I'm going to follow all the driving rules and and and not get into an accident so it's challenging to bring people over the limbic system because that's the emotional center of the brain that's the space for our memories that's the space for our you know the things that

that we, everything that we would want in a photograph, it lives inside the limbic system, but we're not naturally there. Most of us are naturally sitting in this space of the neocortex throughout our entire day, so how do we get someone there? So we're gonna do a few things. I wanna point out questions that we most definitely don't wanna ask, and then I'm gonna point out questions that are like a little bit of like caution, like little warning signs, okay? So your red flags are questions like, what brought you in today? It's a terrible question, because there's not really a good answer.

The good answer to it is obvious. Well, what brought you in was whatever photography that you do, right? Whether it's weddings, whether it's seniors, whether it's newborns, that's what brought me in. Okay, there's no place to go. It's a wasted question. What are you looking for in your photos? This will take somebody straight to the neocortex going, oh boy, like, I don't know, I really like, I like some of the stuff that you've been doing. I don't know what to, I don't know how to describe. They can't figure that out. Now, oddly, what you're gonna learn as you go through the next module is my process.

called the wave, okay? The wave is a psychological tool, ultimately designed to answer this question of what you're looking for in your photos. But we have to steer them through an entire process to actually get to a meaningful answer. We can't ask this question at the beginning of a meeting and expect that they're gonna be able to answer it because they're not in the right headspace. Answering this question requires that they're in an emotional space and people aren't there. So they're gonna try to think technically of what they like and that's not a helpful answer to us.

Okay, I don't know why that just scrolled over the left. Let me see if I can scroll back. Okay Now what's your budget dumb question again? It's a neocortex question, but it's also one that has no good answer because what's you know? We're not gonna talk about money before we establish value. That's that's silly and The simple answer to what's your budget is my budget is as little as I have to possibly spend on this My budget was you know right now. There's someone downstairs putting in our dishwasher I

We paid Costco, and this is the funny thing, we paid Costco 1,600 bucks for this dishwasher and it said installation was included. And he comes and he's like, oh, these other items are needed to be able to complete this installation. If he asked, what's your budget? I would have said, well, we already paid what we paid to get it installed. There is no budget for installation. We already paid for installation. But instead he goes, okay, you need this, you need this, you need this. You could call somebody else or I can handle all of these for $400 in a day.

addition to what you've, what you spent. Okay, I didn't have the budget for that and yet I paid for it. This is not a good question, what's your budget? People make room in a budget, they make room for something that they value, that they appreciate, that they need, just like we did downstairs a moment ago with the dishwasher. By the way, if you hear the buzzing, that's what it is. Hopefully you don't hear the buzzing. Okay, what do you do for work? I would say this is a cautionary question because there's definitely worse.

questions, but there's also better questions, right? The other thing with what do you do for work is like, well, what if someone's a stay-at-home mom or a stay-at-home dad? You know, like this can create kind of like these awkward moments that we don't really want to get to. And there's, again, better versions of this. How's the pregnancy been? Again, there's better, more sensitive versions of this, right? Tell me about your wedding timeline. That's a very technical question that gets us deep again into kind of the wrong headspace. So let's not ask those questions. What I want you to do is.

Slow down, okay? I remember we put this slide in the last module, I'm gonna remind you again. Slow down, ask clients meaningful questions that are genuine, that show that you're working as their advocate. So trust and advocacy first. And again, the reminder. The reminder that in person, this might be five minutes or more, like three to five minutes in person via Zoom. Phone, usually it's just one question, it's 30 seconds getting to know them a little bit. But remind yourself this, okay? These are.

It's not just a sale, these are human beings. They have their own unique story, their own values. I want you to ask questions to help uncover that story. Part of being able to do this is taking yourself out of the business mindset of like, this person is another client, and thinking of them on a human level. So our perception, for example, is that they're just another family wanting photos, right? They come to us for family portraits, but dad has a.

a specific reality, and so does mom. And I wanna understand what those realities are. For example, if we dove deep into one example of a dad, well, dad misses a lot of the family moments because of work and travel, right? He admires his son's strength, he loves his daughter's smile. Daddy's girl gives him Eskimo kisses in person on video when he's away, he feels like he's missing too much of their lives. When dad gets home, his son and daughter, they're always at the door waiting. This was a.

view of my pieces of reality, about 10 years ago, when I was grinding and working nonstop and my kids were very young at the time, this was my reality. And if someone said, what if during the shoot we captured Eskimo kisses? I'd be like, that's such a great idea, I would love that. If someone was like, what if we showed your son running and what is he like to do? Like, well, one of my kids literally does.

push-ups and pull-ups all day long while we just watch. Would that be kind of fun to do? Yeah, that would be really fun to do. In fact, while we're at the park, he just randomly jumps on things. So I think it'd be really cool to actually get that in a photograph because that's very much him, right? So we have to wrap our heads around, well, it's more so stepping back from the role of the business person and seeing the person behind who they actually are, behind the no camera, no nothing, seeing them for who they are, seeing their realities for what it.

is. An example on the wedding side right the perception is they're just another couple in love but his reality this is based on one of my clients and I kind of wrote from the perspective of the guy because I feel like the guy often gets like overlooked in the process I think we a lot of us will focus on on naturally on mom naturally on the bride but we don't often focus on the guy and I think that's a another easy way for you to you know if if here's the funny thing um if you win over a bride or if you win over a mother

you'll probably get the booking. But if you went over the guy, you will definitely get the booking. And it's not because the guy has the decision, it's because most of the time the guy is not really into photographs. They're not really into the process at all. So when she sees that he's excited about something, when she sees that he wants to be involved, that's a huge sign for her. So she's the one typically making the decision, but when she sees that.

It's such a big piece to be like I'm gonna go this route This is the only photographer that my husband gets along with that. He actually wants to go and work with that's huge Okay, so that's kind of why I wrote it a little bit from this perspective So anyway His reality was he wanted to be a pro football player met a lot of girls. He was never interested He met her at the high school gym or he met her at the university gym, actually She was the first girl to make him laugh. He loved her smile her intellect his favorite feature her eyes He proposed during an adventure trip to thailand africa

solding her best friend to make sure that he got the perfect ring for her. So are we uncovering these details? You know you're doing this process right because you're actually uncovering the story behind the story. You're uncovering these little nuggets of who they are. If you're landing here, things are going incredibly well in your sales conversation because a person only shares this thing with you when you've set up the right emotional space,

there's trust, when there's advocacy there, when they feel like you genuinely wanna connect with them, then they share these things. They won't share them when they feel like you're just another person wanting to get a paycheck from them. And a lot of photographers will get stuck and be like, my clients just don't want to have, they don't wanna talk about that stuff, they just wanna get into the details. And I keep trying to say over and over, it's because you've set the wrong emotional space for this.

They are not comfortable with you and we have to fix that. This is the, the charm school that John was talking about. So the truth bomb, we have to stop looking at our clients as just a paycheck or just another client and start uncovering these truths. I'm going to say this, this is fairly easy to do when you have just a few clients. This is something you have to remind yourself of constantly when you start getting busy, when you start getting busy, this can easily slip through the cracks. And what once was a person who was.

very aware, very positive, very genuine, can easily become a person who becomes cynical, who starts treating the client like a paycheck. And it's not because they didn't believe it at first, it's because they had so many experiences in between and they're doing this over and over and over, they get stuck into this groove of, it's just another client. And that's kind of a little bit of the death of a business, or at least the beginnings of it.

start with that kind of feeling of cynicism, in my opinion. So we're limbic system focused, meaning all the questions should be designed to keep someone in the limbic, the emotional thought center. That's why we're asking these types of questions. And when you do this well, I love Stephanie, she posted this and that she came back on right afterwards and she's like, a couple of days later, she's like, actually based on like, they shared more with me and then we got to a $9,000 collection. When you ask the right questions, when you.

you listen, a $3,000 client becomes a $6,000 or a $9,000 client. Because look, and I get this question a lot. Can you work with somebody if their budget is three times lower than what was expected? And I always go, it depends. Usually what I've found is like, if we start getting to a place where we're doubling, like doubling their budget is pretty common. Like it's pretty common that someone comes to us and we double their budget. A little bit less common that we triple it. What's not common at all.

It does happen from time to time, but what's not common at all is someone comes in expecting to pay $500 and then you book them at $5,000. That's very unlikely. When we start getting above like three, four, five X, then it becomes more and more unlikely. But it still happens because what ends up happening in our mind is typically when we decide to buy something, when we decide I need this thing, we have a price point set in our mind. And sometimes the price point is not even justified. It's based on something that we saw. Oh.

I walked by a Kmart photos 10 years ago and they were selling prints for $300. So this should be $300 for family portraits, right? And you're like, no, this is two to $3,000. Oftentimes that mindset that they have is not even justified. It's just based on something they saw at some point. When they start to understand the process, when they start to see the value in something, a lot of people are going to.

completely adjust their budget, especially when you connect with them, especially when you do the things that we've laid out here, right? I found that in that two to three X range, it's quite common, okay? Especially two X or less, it's very common. Three X, it's still possible. Once it goes to like, usually my marker is like, look, I'll basically say, if I say my typical prices are 10, and they're like, yeah, we're looking for someone that's in the $2,000 range. Like if we're.

five X, right? Then I'll say, you know, I don't do any shoots at that size. I'd love to, if you feel like it's worthwhile to continue having the conversation because we might be able to, I'd like to figure out what it is that you value and help you look at what it is that you're hiring, who it is that you're hiring to make sure you find the right person. But if you feel like $10,000 is way out of scope, then what I'd probably recommend is that you hop on a Facebook, hop on Instagram, look for someone that's.

a little bit newer, less established, and make sure when you do, like go and look at a complete gallery from them so you can see all their work, so you see all the images, not just the portfolio images, and I'd find someone that you might be able to kind of find a steal on. Now, that's when they'll tell me, yeah, I really appreciate that suggestion, Pi. We'll just go and search for someone else, right? Or if they're thinking about it, that's when they would say, yeah, let's keep chatting about it.

they're gonna give you the permission to kind of continue and that's when there's a possibility there. But generally, I just want you guys to have that understanding that like, if we're talking three, four, five X, most likely they're gonna be unqualified. Okay, as we go into this next piece, I'm gonna give you these little scripts, okay? Trust building and icebreaking scripts. I don't want you to memorize these. In fact, I don't want you to really memorize. When we go to the wave, I do want you to like really, I hate the word.

memorizing because I feel like memorizing is not making it your own. I want you to master it and internalize it. Memorizing is not what I want in general. I want you to speak from the heart moment to moment with each client, right? When we get to the wave, I want you to at least know the process. But the reason I say this is because oftentimes conversations are going to deviate. And every time someone memorizes a script, they don't know where to go. So I want you to understand the principles and allow yourself to kind of

I will tell you when we get to the wave in the next module, that's a place where I want you to stick to it a bit closer until you've mastered it. Then you can start to like kind of build your own pieces into it as well, okay? But for this little, this next section right here, trust building and icebreaking scripts, these are ideas. Don't feel like these are, I need to memorize this. So look for, I was about to say, okay, for memorizing weddings. For weddings, emotionally driven, open-ended questions to get to know your client. So ideas of this.

tell me the story of how you both met who made the first move how did it happen tell me about the first moment where you just knew this is my person obviously I want you to choose these questions based on who you are these are just ideas right so if any of these come across as tacky to you don't don't use them for boudoir right have you ever done a boudoir session before or is this your first time and then we have follow-ups well I'd love to hear that story what made you want to reach out to do boudoir session now what made you decide to do

a boudin session or I think I just yeah I think I just hit that one twice why does right now feel like the right time right okay maternity what inspired you to do a maternity session is this your first child or do you already have little ones Oh tell me about your family what's been the most beautiful or unexpected part of this pregnancy journey for you so far and this is where like I like this question has a bit more sensitivity than questions like how's this pregnancy been

this feels a lot more empathetic and sensitive to potentially someone that might not be having an easy pregnancy, okay? All right, and then I'm giving you, for more ideas, open-ended questions, you just simply grab this. You're gonna go right into ChatGPT, and it's gonna give you examples based on your niche. It's based on the first few moments of a conversation to get more concepts from this. Pretty simple, really easy to use. So if you all have any questions on this, though, jump in.

into the mastermind group. Let's open each of our conversations with these questions that are not only open-ended, that help us to kind of start building rapport, that build trust, and then we're gonna move to the next step.