Stop the emails and pick up the phone. I know what you're thinking. I know this is an uncomfortable idea. I want you to embrace it though. It's gonna get more comfortable with time, especially as you practice and you do role plays. Sales does not have to be that thing you fear. I don't want it to be the thing that you fear because, well, picking up the phone, this is the single most powerful sales tool that you have. This was said by Grant Cardone, very famous salesperson.

don't necessarily agree with all the stuff that he says, but in this area of sales, the man knows what he's talking about. And I couldn't agree more with this. This is a chance for you to actually have, well, a first differentiator that very few people are doing, okay? And let me tell you what I mean by that. When you reach out to somebody with a phone, you're gonna create a personal connection with them. That's the goal, that you create a personal connection that you share, well, that you work to understand their values, their wants, and then how your solution fits those.

Kind of creating a little bit of a, well, I do something different from others, right? That by itself is a differentiator. Stepping in to understand someone else and doing this over an actual conversation separates you from the crowd. And here's why. This past year, Chris thought my business partner, he's like, I'm going to do a little study of my own just to see how many other studios that are at our level, like successful studios that are actually following good sales principles. Okay. So he pretends to be.

a lead. This was all done for a good purpose, okay? And he submits to their websites through the contact form to see how many of these people will actually reach out to him. Now somewhere around like half didn't even have automated responses to let the person, like to let Chris know that yes, we have received your information, we'll be in touch shortly. So 50% didn't even have a basic message to confirm, right? And he goes, nobody called me within five minutes.

Not a single one. And this wasn't a few, by the way. I think he picked like 30 different studios. It was a decent sample size for this little test. He goes, not a single one called me back within five minutes. He goes, I think maybe two called me back the same day. A few called me back within the next few days. So it was like two or maybe three days. But he's like, only maybe 20% actually called me back. The rest did not call. The rest were.

trying to basically continue the conversation via email and attempt to close. And he was like, and of those, I had probably at least 10 studios that just didn't even respond. Like they just didn't respond to the inquiry, right? Maybe business is so good for them that they don't need to respond back to people. Maybe it got lost in their inbox, who knows? The point is, is the number of people that are actually making phone calls was, well, within five minutes was zero.

within two to three days was maybe 10% of the entire group. So if you're calling people right away, yes, this is a huge way to differentiate your services. And I want you to keep in mind, this was not a study done of small to mid-level studios. This was a study done of the successful studios, the peers that we have in the industry. And that's how bad it was. So all that is to say.

This is one of those fears that's worth overcoming because it's going to translate to every other aspect of your life too. I know that it's uncomfortable to start these conversations up to have a call like this but keep in mind they want your services. They need what you're doing. What you're doing is meaningful and if I need a service that you're offering and you're willing to actually call me to walk me through it to help me understand what I need what I'm looking for to create a solution for that that's

valuable and you should never feel uncomfortable about giving something, something that somebody actually wants. Giving someone something that they value, something that they appreciate. You shouldn't feel bad about making that call or about bothering somebody. Okay, so all that said, this is the actual lead workflow that we've set up for RStudio. When possible, I know sometimes this is not going to be possible, so treat this as like this is kind of what I would do.

would set up for ourselves. Um, this is kind of a, my version of what a best practice of what it would look like, but you might make tweaks to this depending on your goals and where you're at, but look, call each lead within five minutes of receipt. This is your, your first goal. Okay. If that's not possible, you're going to call within one hour. If that's not possible, then call during the next ideal window. And I'm going to give you that in the next lesson. Okay. With first contact, usually I'm going to spend 10.

15 minutes on an initial consult, because most people, if we're talking about weddings, they might not be ready for like a complete close, which can usually take like 30-45 minutes plus right for to close like larger jobs. So first contact for me is usually 10-15 minutes. Second contact, that's when we're going to do a full consult, and that's when I'd encourage you if you're going to do a second, you know, second consultation, right? The second contact point. Make sure you invite the other stakeholders there. So for me, if it's a wedding, and I'm...

I'm gonna ask, hey, should we bring your fiance onto this so we can get their thoughts too and make sure you're both good to go. Now they might say, oh, I'm the one that's in charge of this but I'm gonna make the invitation in that first contact when I set up the second one, okay? So this is where I move to close in the second contact, right, in that second consultation. And I'm gonna give you variations of this in just a moment because I know you're gonna probably have questions about this. Now, if I can't get ahold of them, then after three attempts calling, right? So I try first in the first window.

well, I can't get ahold of them. Then I do, maybe in the next one hour is not possible, but I do the next open window, right? And that doesn't work. Then I try the next day at an open window, that doesn't work. For me personally, after three call attempts, that's where I'm gonna email the pricing and experience guide. I'm gonna send them an email that says, hey, I tried reaching out to you. This by the way, is my cell phone number in case maybe you didn't recognize it. I'm gonna go ahead and send you the pricing and experience guide, which is attached. If you have any questions, please let me know. I'd love to work with you. I'd love to hop on a call.

so I can understand your needs and what I can do for you. I'm basically cutting them loose at this point. For me, after three phone attempts, I'm kind of letting the lead go. I'm not sending the pricing experience guide out thinking that they're gonna reach back out to me. This is like I'm cutting the fish loose, okay? So I want you to treat it that way. We're not sending the pricing experience guide out with the first contact. We're not doing any of that. I'm trying to, I wanna give them the best possible experience. I want to help them figure out the solution for them. I don't wanna.

just send off a pricing guide and help them figure out on your own. That's why I told you earlier, like we wanna make this look nice, but we wanna realize also that we're really not gonna be sending out this much unless we're like cutting someone loose, and this is what we're talking about, okay? Now, how might this change based on your goals or your business? Well, look, first, call each lead within five minutes of receipt. For some of you, this is gonna be possible because you're approaching your photography business as a full-time job. We have others, like for example, Lucia is.

one of our alumni who's crushing it part-time. She does like, I don't know, 30 elopement shoots. These are short shoots a year. She makes $80,000 plus as her side gig and her full-time job, she works in IT and she loves it. So she's like, I don't wanna quit my full-time job, I wanna keep doing this. But what that does is it makes it so that she can't answer calls when they come in because she's generally at work, right? So what she's set up is a process to actually convert people through the website, through the online experience.

And we have to do that. Like anytime we have to make a concession with the business, what I'm laying out for you here is like the optimal way to set up your business, right? It doesn't mean that that's what's gonna be possible every time. So every time we make a concession, every time we do something that's less than optimal, what we need to do is understand what that decision means. See, if I get on the phone with a lead that comes in, I'm gonna convert. If I'm good at my sales process, you've learned this material, you've practiced it, and you call them within five minutes, good chance you're gonna convert.

80 to 90% of qualified leads that come in, okay? So you're gonna convert them with that phone call. But as soon as I go, okay, now I'm gonna depend on my website to actually make the sale, then that conversion rate's gonna drop from like 80 to 90% down to probably 10 to 20%. What does that mean? It doesn't mean we can't still run a successful business, but what it does mean is that we need that many more visitors, that many more leads to make up for that gap. So I focus on, throughout this program, on giving.

you kind of the best steps and focusing on like what is optimal, but with the understanding that we're gonna have to make tweaks and adjustments here and there, okay? I want you to recognize that. So calling someone within five minutes of receipt is how you maximize every lead coming in, because if we kind of look at it as one of the biggest pain points and problems that photographers have, is we're just not getting that many leads. So before we try to get more leads, it's easier to try to just capitalize on the ones that are coming in. Well, before we try to get, if we got ten leads a month,

before I go and worry about getting 20 leads a month, why don't I convert eight of the 10 leads versus right now I'm only converting two? Okay, that's the idea there, is by doing these simple things, we can level up very quickly without having to worry about bigger issues like how do I double the amount of leads coming in? All right, so if that's not possible, so like say for example for Lucia, well, it might not even possible the next hour, but she calls during the next possible window, sometimes that's the next day, and that's actually when.

she does the wave with them. So she often will do the wave after someone's actually already booked and she has someone else essentially handle the first call to basically set it all up and to get them closed, right? So we make adjustments and things as we go, but that's on that side. Now, for me, another example would be when you hit this first contact, usually a 10 to 15 minute consult. If you're in a portrait space where you're doing like IPS or you're doing like more simple shoots, you can close them within 10 to 15 minutes. So Thomas is.

great example of that. We have a lot of people that are closing within the first few minutes of a consult that because they do, you know, boudoir or they do family portraits or they do these other areas where I don't need a full one hour consultation. We can go through it briefly and we can actually move to close in that first call. So don't feel like you have to set up a second consultation. But if you're in the space of say like larger events, let's say weddings, let's say corporate, let's say brand portraits,

I've helped build his sales process and adjust it and one of the rules that he loves It makes his his girls who actually do the sales It makes them very uncomfortable, but one of their rules is you call until you get a no All right now truthfully that is probably the best you like if you want to maximize revenue That is the best way to do it you call until you get a no But it might be uncomfortable for you It might be and and uncomfortable to a point because like all this might be uncomfortable, right? But I want you to embrace the majority of it if

If you're like, five times is just too much, I don't wanna bug someone that much, then that's fine. For me, the number is around three attempts. If I call someone three times and they don't answer, then I'm gonna send off the guy. But maybe for you, it's gonna be five. I'll be honest, the reason that it's three for me is not because I'm worried about bothering them, because if they gave me their information, I do wanna reach out to them, I wanna figure out what I can do for them. The reason I limit it to three attempts is I've got a lot of leads coming in. So if you don't answer after three, I'm gonna move on to the next one.

Okay, so it's not because I feel bad by any means, five attempts would be totally fine too, but you can set whatever number there that you would like as well. So those are all ideas for adjustments here, but I wanna give you a basic flow with this. Now, anytime a client has a potential objection, okay, this is a general rule. So we're talking about the sales process right now, I wanna step out of that for just a moment and say, anytime there's an objection or even a potential issue with a client.

I don't want you to try to resolve these over a phone call. I want you to resolve these over, sorry, over an email. I want it to be a phone call. There's a number of reasons for this. I'm gonna give you the first and biggest reason. Whatever you say, whatever you write in an email or in a text message, it can be held against you. Now, not to say that a lot of clients are gonna be legally holding it against you, but whatever you say, if you make a promise, if you say this, they're gonna at some point say, well, you said this, so you should do this. That's number one. So that.

by itself should be enough to make you go, you know what, any of these types of more complex issues, I'm gonna have a phone call with somebody. But there's a whole list of other reasons and it all comes down to miscommunication. It is so easy to misunderstand somebody in text and email. It is so easy to not understand their tone. How many times have you gotten upset at someone that texted you something and you didn't know that they were making a joke and you didn't read it that way because you read it this way? How many times did they just say the wrong thing? There's so much opportunity for miscommunication in these written formats.

I want you to skip it. Anytime someone has a sales objection, so they're not booked yet, they're in the process, they have a question, a concern, get them on the phone. Anytime an actual client has an issue, get them on the phone, but let's not do this over emails. You're only gonna set yourself up for problems down the road. Okay, let's jump to the next lesson.