value your photography. They don't think that you're good. And all of those things that go into our head. You know, someone objects to our price and we immediately take it personally. Immediately go, oh, I must not be worth it. My work must not be good enough. An objection is simply a statement of their belief. It might be right, it might be wrong, but it's just a statement of their belief.

just a statement of belief. Now usually most price objections comes down to they believe that you're the same as somebody else that's offering it for less, okay? They believe that you are the same as someone offering it for less. Now whose problem is that?

In reality, whose problem is that? When someone objects on price because they believe that your product is the same as somebody else's, that's my problem. What have I done to set that up, that environment? Did I not create a good enough brand online? Is my imagery not high enough quality?

Did I not get them on the phone to discuss and establish value, to understand who they are and what they need? Whenever they have that belief, this illustrates I have a problem on my side. Now I got to identify where it is. But if you know it's not a problem on your side, then...

My favorite objection handler for any price objection like this whenever someone's making a comparison is very simple. Do you believe that hiring me you'll get the same thing that you would if you hired them? Or other way around, do you believe that if you hired them they deliver the same service that I would deliver?

Now, if they say yes, that points back to me. What did I do in this process to not establish value? But if they say no, then they've already justified your price, because they recognize that now. They recognize that what you do is not the same as everyone else's. So look, most objections, most.

Most calls for discounts, most things that occur in this space is because of that false belief or a belief that is similar to that. And what we're working to do in the sales process is simply undo those beliefs that they have. Help them to gain comfort of why they're doing this. But we have to establish value.

before we're doing this. We have to have to get there. Okay, we lose sales. If I were to make this simple, we lose sales because we didn't adequately establish value by failing to uncover their needs and their values, by feature selling instead of listening, by presenting the price before establishing value, or by

by talking too much, not giving space. If you were to simply make this change, meaning like if a person goes from displaying full pricing to simply saying price is starting at, and clients typically spend, and then they move everything to a phone conversation rather than email or rather than.

texting, if you do those two things without a single bit of additional training by itself, we're talking double the conversions, meaning you did nothing else. You don't even, you still don't know how to sell just those two changes by itself will add a minimum double conversions.

Okay, so your call to action playbook, in case these two things are not yet done, I need you, step one, make sure that the website has a pricing page, that is important, because people click pricing more than anything else. On it, it should have packages start at, clients typically spend, and then simply a contact form.

Then we get them onto the phone. Drive everyone to the phone. Whether it's your website calls to action, I want it to go contact form and then phone. If it's the about you page, go to the about you page and then to the phone. Like every single place that they click, they go from one page to another and then it drives them over to the contact page. We should always drive them to the phone.

If it's on your social bio and they click book me here, the link goes right to your contact form. If you're direct message them, engage and request their phone number, go straight to a phone call. And if they email you, for maybe like you send them a resource, right? Maybe they sign up for whatever resource, then that resource takes them to a contact form to get the.

resource, and then you give them a call. Everything is about getting them on the phone. If we do this, this raises your chance of booking so much higher. Like, we're not talking, if you're talking about DM conversions versus phone conversions, it's not a small number. We're talking seven, eight, nine times higher.

The only reason I didn't put an insane number here is because number one, probably wouldn't believe me. And number two, I didn't wanna go and look up a study to support this specific fact because I have a lot of studies that are gonna be wild and I'm like, I don't need to cite every single thing. So I'm just saying, look, at a minimum, this will have a 100% return, like 100% conversion boost. It's actually a lot.

a lot more and you'll see that as we go through, okay? So make this a commitment right now to get that because that is lowest hanging fruit number one. Okay, now let's go on to the next video. Now, we're gonna start to fix your mindset. This is gonna come with time. I don't expect any of you to be like, oh, I am suddenly that much more.

more confident, I do expect an improvement right away because it's gonna reframe the way that you're thinking about sales, but let the other piece of it come with a bit of time, okay? Give yourself some time to kind of process these mindset shifts. But I'm gonna ask this question. We have the benefit right now of actually filming this live. So those that are.

are actually watching this live, I'd love for you to answer this question in the chat. Don't worry, we don't do this often, and if you're not watching this live, there's no difference between taking this in. But I would also challenge you, if you're not watching this live, take this question and go into the Facebook group, and if you disagree with what I'm about to say, I'd like for you to share your...

your thoughts with me, okay? In the mentorship group. So bring it to the mentorship group. If you disagree with this, tell me. But the question is, how can you knowingly, meaning with some level of confidence, create a meaningful and lasting change in someone's life without a transaction? How can you knowingly create a meaningful?

and lasting change in someone's life without a transaction. Do any of you have any examples of this? Can you do this? Okay, now Beth said you can't. I'm gonna show you some people that would disagree with me. Marie said, I posted this question in our mastermind group a little while back.

not the mentorship group, but the free group. Marie said, you absolutely can. Think about your own positive experiences in a store, getting your work done on your home, your pet sitter, receiving care at a hospital. And then she goes, those though, typically involve a transaction. There are likely aspects that come along with the transaction that would have occurred without the.

exchange of money. For example, take a portrait session with a family of special needs child or family member with dementia. Patience by the photographer does not cost extra, but it would create a meaningful experience of the family. Now, the funny thing is, is that, or you, Pi, with the mastermind workshops, sure, I paid to join, but your teaching methods, your down-to-earth nature and your humor create even more value. So, what I said back was.

I'd kind of argue that you hit all my points on the head. Every one of those experiences and examples that you said, they had transactions there, right? Even what allows me to create free education for everybody are the transactions that actually support me. Because if I had none of that,

of those things, then there would be no ability to do that, right, if there were no support. Even when it comes to like receiving care at a hospital, how many transactions had to take place in order to build that building, in order to put people right there, right, to be able to provide care? Even if there's, I didn't say could you do something like that, I didn't say could you do something like this, I didn't say could you do something like that, I didn't say could you do something like that,

something meaningful without an exchange of money. Sometimes transactions involve money. Sometimes transactions are barter system. It's a trade of time, right? So a transaction can be different things. We're committing something to the process. A transaction is a commitment. It's a two-way.

commitment right let's look at this okay i believe it can it can also come in many forms a simple smile of act of kindness that gets passed on helping a homeless man buy a meal okay well helping a homeless man buy a meal involves a transaction there um and then the other idea here is well what about knowingly create

knowingly, confidently, and what about lasting? I can do one thing for somebody. Do you know how many times I've given a friend golden advice like advice that would literally change their lives and they did nothing with it? I can tell you that the number of times where someone actually did something is zero.

Okay, not like the number, I won't say zero because maybe they're behind the scenes learning something and they're doing something, but the amount of times that I know where like someone's like, Pi, dude, can you just help me out in this space? Like I offer basically free coaching. Zero.

Zero times has that been effective. I have more examples of this, okay? You can inspire them with empathy, honesty, and that's really the limit of what we can do without a form of transaction, right? The limit of what we can do without a form of transaction is inspire. But the choice to make a decision, the choice to create meaningful change.

is on them. And even our ability to inspire them is very likely to require some sort of transaction either past or present. Meaning, if I don't have the ability to support myself to be able to do this, then I can't inspire for very long, right? So.