That's really what we're celebrating in this process and money does not make that dirty. Please. So good sales equals good curiosity. Sales is uncovering someone's needs and values and then guiding them towards a meaningful solution as a customer and client. That is something that you would appreciate yourself, right?

If you're looking for a laptop, if you're looking for the right fit, if you're looking for anything, a car, someone genuinely doing this, advocating for you, that is something you'd want. So I want you to embrace that. Your only homework in this one is to accept this truth. We can't make a meaningful difference, and if you disagree with this, please,

Jump into the group, let us know. I want to help this idea. We can't make a meaningful difference without a transaction because without it, neither person has a reason to commit to a process. By the way, this doesn't mean that my relationships in my life are transactional. It doesn't mean that yours will be either. One of my closest friends, right?

I am one of his coaching clients, and he's one of mine. And you might say, well, Pi, there's not a transaction there. Actually, there is. I committed to coaching him, and he committed to coaching me. We understand what this value is that we each bring to the table, and so we take it seriously.

there has to be some meaningful commitment, okay? Number two, what you're signing when you sign this is that you believe client advocacy comes first always. Your function as a salesperson is twofold, okay? There's the idea of always be closing, that's number two. You first always advocate for their best interests.

Step two, the second thing that you're gonna hold in your mind is always be closing. So we don't close somebody when it's not in their best interest. And I want you to sign this. This commitment to letting go what you think about sales, the truth that you had about this, and embracing what it actually is with your commitment to client advocacy.

So why would clients want to hire you? Again, a part of understanding this is helping us to realize what we should be and what we shouldn't be talking about, right? So why is a potential client going to hire a professional photographer? And even more specifically, why would they hire you? We think it's because we use professional gear because we offer.

professional product, because we have good lighting and good technical skills, because we have a studio and a real business. In reality, and by the way, this is like if you actually looked it up on Google, I bet if I looked it up on AI or on Google, it'd give me the same thing. And sure enough, why is Vidarbi so expensive? Oh, because of equipment and overhead costs. And I'm like, dude, once again.

Clients look for professionals and specifically for you because they like you and they trust you. This is a luxury product, right? They like you, they trust you, they wanna spend money with you. They resonate with your values. They believe that you can deliver. By the way, resonating with your values is a big one. We wanna spend money with people that, have you ever felt the pull to buy?

buy something that has a brand, a logo, or a motto on it that's something that you stand behind? Have you ever felt that? That's when you resonate with values, right? So we want to create a brand that people can resonate with. We wanna show values that they can resonate with. And because they find value in the price.

Obviously there has to be value in the price. That doesn't mean it's cheap. It means that there's value in it. A MacBook is not cheap, but a lot of us find value in it. And a lot of you nod your heads like, no, there is no value in that. But some do. Okay. Truth bomb. People buy because they trust you as their advocate and they value that you understand their needs.

This is why they buy from you. And then the better question here would be, well, why don't they buy or what makes them maybe say no, by the way, do you think I'm trying to get at, like, if they, if these are the things that they actually value, they trust you, they value understanding needs. Do you think I'm trying to get you to not?

talk about the weeds like the details of things that's kind of where this is going right to focus our energy on the on the things that we should be talking about but so to know that the better question would be well why don't they buy what makes them say no right the first reason someone doesn't hire us is that they're just not impressed with our brand and work that's why part one of the program is like hey let's get the brand

and looking like an actual brand, let's get the work. You know, if we need to improve the work of whatever we need to do, let's get that. That needs to be number one, because people don't hire someone that they're not impressed with. So the thing is, these people never become leads to begin with. So we really don't see them in the pipeline at all. When you see leads in the pipeline and then they end up not booking, this points to, well.

Do we have a marketing issue where we're getting unqualified people or do we have a sales issue where we're not able to properly close? So we kind of, you'll notice that the program structure is designed to solve each problem as we would encounter it, right? The first problem is we're not getting leads. And usually the big reason there is because of our brand or our work. Okay. When it's not that.

It's you or it's us, meaning that when we are getting leads and when we're having conversations and we're not booking, then it's generally because of our approach to sales. And it's because usually we're approaching sales with negative biases, those things that we talked about, those limiting beliefs, all that, or because we don't have a sales process that we have.

understand, and so we prep the sale to be lost. So, making this concrete, these are some of those negative biases that again come from those experiences, the trauma, that word is again an overused buzzword, but you can say negative experiences if you like. But, oftentimes we're our own worst enemy in sales because,

Most of us don't understand the nature of it. We fear the thought of being sold. We enter the conversation in fear. We don't believe in our service or value. We fear rejection and objections. We lack confidence in our pricing. We project our own insecurities. Oh, uh, this package is $4,000, but if there's a problem with that, let me know.

We doubt the process. We're too hungry for the sale. Oh, just to let you know, I got a lot of other people that are really interested in this. So if you don't buy, they probably will. We bring all this into the process and it shapes the environment that we create through our words.

or in some cases, the lack thereof. Why this matters. Truthfully, the lack thereof sometimes is better. I need you to stop talking about the things that don't matter to the majority of your clients. So if we think clients hire us because of our gear, then we end up talking about gear. Oh, you know.

I'm using the latest camera, I'm using this. You're gonna love the way that I light. I'm gonna make you, I'm gonna pose you and do. Look, if someone's genuinely interested in your gear because they are a photographer and they ask you a question about gear, by all means, have the conversation. But please don't think that this justifies your price.

this is something it'd be like you going to the dentist and then like you're like oh it's 250 dollars yeah because you know we use the simon chair that you're going to sit in and the simon chair reclines to like 20 degrees which was amazing and then we're going to put this light over your face and that light is like five thousand dollars that's one of the winnebago lights and they are incredible

They're going to shine so much light into your face that every one of you hearing this would just be laughing because you're like, that's insane. All you care about is that they do quality work, right? So by recognizing the insanity of a dentist doing that to you, I'm hoping you recognize the insanity of photographers feature selling to our clients.

We don't need to talk about any of this, that we offer professional product. Of course you do. That's an expectation. We have good lighting technical skills. We have a studio and real business. Nobody gives a shit. Let me just say it how it is. We don't care. What we care about is that you do good work. What we care about is that you're a brand that we can align with, that you're someone that we value.

Okay, those are the things that definitely matter. So we're gonna stop talking about all this unless it's completely relevant, meaning they are interested, they are asking about it, and then you have my permission. So yes, all of us can go on to AI, can go on to Google and say.

Hey, on this one, you are completely full of shit. Please do. I tell Chachap to do that all the time. I'm like, dude, seriously? You missed it on this one. Look, when it comes to a luxury product or service, what we have here is something that is limited in nature, requires highly skilled labor, it's time intensive, and it's an elevated experience.

This is why I told you, you should be charging a good amount because at a maximum, we can only serve a few clients a week. If we have a product or a service like that, then it's inherently a luxury service. We can't service a hundred clients a week. So we need to build a luxury product, a luxury solution. And if you're like, well,

I do want to offer something that is a commodity. Why? The phone can do that. The phone is the commodity in the photography space. If you want to capture the $1, $2, $10 market, go design an AI app that takes headshots. That'll be your $10 client type thing.

but otherwise we have to design a luxury service, something that is worth stepping beyond the phone, right? So when we look at these, these are luxury services versus non-luxury services. So I kind of gave you one of each to compare. Isn't it a little bit ironic that the both luxury services, do you notice the presentations of them are fairly similar?