of them. They're not looking to sell hundreds of these bags, hundreds of these cars. They don't need more than one chair because when someone comes in, you're either going to buy a Bentley or you're not. The warmth of the colors, the simplicity of the design. If you've ever watched me in our audits, our website audits, I'm always telling everyone push towards simplicity. Make your work needs to stand out at its own. We don't want the website to be busy. A busy website distracts from the fact that you're creating beautiful images.

is what we're trying to do. Now, why all this matters here? Because for those of you thinking that features matter when you're selling a luxury product or service, I need you to recognize the craziness in this idea. On this side, you'd very likely sit down and you'd ask questions like, hey, what if I upgraded the rims to like, what are the upgrade options for like alloy wheels? Or hey, what if I want leather? On this side, would any of you walk into a Bentley and say, does the car come with leather? If you would, please take me

with you because I want to record it and make it part of this case study okay the person will look at you as if you're crazy and then if you're like those are nice rims but um do you by chance have like like rim upgrades these are built as pieces of artwork they the expectation there is that it's already feature-rich it already includes the best of the best everything okay when we step into a luxury service into a luxury environment we have to recognize that features become expectations it's not that they're not

anymore. It's that they become expectations, meaning they're no longer selling points. So speaking of your gear, going back up here, speaking of your gear, speaking of your technical skills, speaking of your lighting, speaking of your... if anything, the only thing that it does for me is start to create this discomfort with like, well yeah, I mean you should be good at this, right? I mean well yeah, you should actually be using good gear, right? It actually presents doubts in my mind, because the expectation was obviously you're using professional gear, obviously you offer a good product, obviously you have lighting skills, technical skills, posing skills...

skills, so features in a luxury environment are just expectations, which means we stop asking questions like, what do you like about my work? Or what are you looking for in your photography? And we stop telling them things like, oh you're really going to like the way that I pose, you're really going to like, you know, again, there are exceptions to be made if someone says hey look, we really feel uncomfortable in front of the camera, what can you do to help us there? Then saying, look, you've probably experienced what it's like to have a bad photograph taken of you, I hate it myself.

That's not on you though. That's because we don't understand how to pose. It's because oftentimes a photographer might not help you with that. So we have a bad experience around that. We are trained and we are professionals when it comes to posing and body language. So I'm gonna help you through the entire process. I'm gonna make you feel comfortable. And while we're gonna guide you, it's still gonna look natural, it's still gonna look authentic. I don't need to go, okay, you ever heard of foreshortening? Foreshortening is like when your hand is like too close to, anytime your face is forward like this, we need to hinge from the hips and then kind of lean back. We just don't need to go there.

But you do have my permission to talk a little about the areas that they might be uncomfortable. I want you to slow down. I want you to get to know them genuinely and then ask meaningful questions to show that you're working as their advocate, okay? Trust and advocacy first. And what this generally means is we talk about like the tactical side of like going into the conversation. If we're talking about like a in-person conversation, I'm usually gonna build trust and not talk about anything photography related for three to five minutes. It depends on the person. I'm giving you a general idea. Please don't say like, like Pi, I tried to force them to go five minutes and they were like really uncomfortable. I'm like, dude, that was a general idea. If someone-

to get into it a little bit quicker, by all means, if they want to spend a little more time, just like talking and getting to know you, do that too. On the phone, it's generally very fast. When I call somebody, it's a few seconds. It's one question. How is this process going? Tell me where you're at in this, you know, in, in the, tell me where you're at with the, the, the maternity parent. Like, that's not the way you'd ask that question. I was going to say, tell me where you're at in the wedding planning process. You wouldn't frame it the same way, but you might say, yeah, tell me about the pregnancy. How is it going so far? Right. That'd be a better way to would communicate. Okay. By the way, I don't know if some of you feel this, but I feel like I rely so much on.

chat GPT that my own ability to come up with ideas is diminishing. It's worrisome. I'm going to have to stop using it so much. This entire process, I want your first sale, we're going to work through all this, but I want your first sale to be you. That's why we're doing this mindset work. You need to buy into the process yourself. We're going to let go of the sales trauma. There's a little smiley face because it's a funny use of trauma. Please don't take it too literal. We're going to start letting go of these things. We're going to stop selling to your client's wallet. I don't want you to sell to your wallet, meaning you're worried that you can't

to afford something, so then you're gonna give them a lower price because you think it's too high, right? We're gonna sell to their wants, to their needs. We're gonna let go of our fears, our doubts, our biases, the negative beliefs. I'd like you to start, stop being, like this takes a bit of time, right? So start, start the process of not being afraid to talk to people. Stop fearing the ask. Stop making rejection more than it is. It's not personal, it's not you, and oftentimes it's not even rejection. And stop fighting to justify your price with features, okay? Again, this is gonna be a process of learning it and living it, so this isn't gonna be instant, but I want you to.

it to starting this process. Okay. So again, starting to let go once you signed it, let's move forward.