We lose sales, if I were to make this simple, we lose sales because we didn't adequately establish value by failing to uncover their needs and their values, by feature selling instead of listening, by presenting the price before establishing value, or by talking too much, not giving space. If you were to simply make this change, meaning like if a person goes from displaying full pricing to simply saying price is starting at

clients typically spend, and then they move everything to a phone conversation rather than email or rather than texting. If you do those two things without a single bit of additional training, by itself, we're talking double the conversions. Meaning, you did nothing else. You still don't know how to sell. Just those two changes by itself will add a minimum double conversions, okay? So your call-to-action playbook, in case these two things.

are not yet done. I need you, step one, make sure that the website has a pricing page that is important because people click pricing more than anything else. On it, it should have packages start at, clients typically spend, and then simply a contact form. Then we get them onto the phone. Drive everyone to the phone. Whether it's your website calls to action, I want it to go contact form and then phone. If it's the about you page, go to the about you page and then to the phone. Like every single place that they click.

They go from one page to another and then it drives them over to the contact page. We should always drive them to the phone. If it's on your social bio and they click book me here, the link goes right to your contact form. If you're direct message them, engage and request their phone number, go straight to a phone call. And if they email you for maybe like you send them a resource, right? Maybe they sign up for whatever resource. Then that resource takes them to a contact form to get the resource. And then you give them a call. Everything is about getting them on.

of the phone, if we do this, this raises your chance of booking so much higher, like we're not talking, if you're talking about DM conversions versus phone conversions, it's not a small number. We're talking seven, eight, nine times higher. The only reason I didn't put an insane number here is because number one, probably wouldn't believe me, and number two, I didn't wanna go and look up a study to support this specific fact, because I have a lot of studies that are gonna be wild, and I'm like, I don't need to cite every single thing. So I'm just saying, look.

At a minimum, this will have a 100% return, like 100% conversion boost. It's actually a lot more, and you'll see that as we go through, okay? So make this a commitment right now to get that, because that is lowest hanging fruit number one. Okay, now let's go on to the next video.