Welcome to step 12. We are launching right into the sales portion of the course now. So sales is basically gonna be from steps 12 through steps 15, okay? And the topics and pain points that we're gonna be addressing specifically in this module is a lot of mindset stuff. Like I need to help rewire the things that we've learned about sales, including like the actual definition of what good sales is. So we're gonna talk about what is sales actually. We're gonna talk.

at what you're really selling. We'll be talking about like why do clients truly hire you? And a lot of this is to help us to stop talking about the things that don't matter and instead emphasize our time with clients on the things that actually do matter. We're gonna talk about why clients don't necessarily value your pricing and what we're doing to basically create this environment where someone wants to negotiate with you. We'll be talking about establishing value and I'm gonna lay out also the correct order of sales. We're actually gonna do that pretty early on as well. We're gonna.

I've almost like right into that process. Okay, once again, this module, all of our modules are fast paced. Please pause, implement, repeat. Come back to this one as well. Like all of these modules are especially effective to say what I really like doing, right? Is saying, spend an hour a day on your education. That's my goal for you, is that you spend an hour a day on your education. Now, while you're in this program and you're completing the program for the first time, I would love that hour to be focused on this, right? But even when you're completed with this.

program, spend an hour a day learning. And I would love for part of that time, it doesn't have to be all of it, but for part of that time to be reviewing things. Because what you're gonna find is as you begin to implement the things that you're learning here, your second time through or even your third time through, you're gonna see things in a completely different lens, okay? Sales is such a big area in that regard. When we try sales and we implement and we, you're gonna make a massive.

difference in your business by just implementing what you're seeing here. When you come back to it for a second time or even a third time, you're gonna be like, holy cow, I missed that, I missed that, and I'm gonna try this part too, and you'll find an even bigger difference. So please come back for it, pause, implement, and then repeat. Make sure that you have that part of each and every day is spent learning and absorbing new information, good quality information, and I'd love for this to be a part of that. Also remember, between sessions, you have the mentorship group.

that's a perfect place to ask questions, to seek advice, feedback, to share your wins, your aha moments. And as we're gonna be talking about through the sales section, to also request a role play buddy, or even to ask and get feedback on a sales situation, okay? All right, let's go ahead and dive now into the first lesson.