Okay, with that stuff covered, let's start getting a little bit now into the more tactical side. Let's start pushing into sales and buyer psychology and talk about first kind of the three brains, okay? Obviously, we have one brain, but when talking about the brain, we'll often kind of like talk about these different areas of the brain. And no, I am not a neuroscientist, so for those of you that might be, please forgive me, I'm gonna dumb this down and make it simple so I can understand and hopefully it's simple for you as well. So be aware of these three kind of different brains that we all use on a daily basis, okay? There's the croc brain, the neocortex, and the limbic system.

Croc brain is referred to like this is the brain stem area. It kinda controls instinctual functions, okay? So what the croc brain wants is simplicity. It doesn't want jargon, it doesn't want complex words, it wants summaries, it doesn't wanna be overwhelmed. It's this part of the brain that thinks most like what's in this for me? It's the flag that goes off when someone calls you and you worry that it's a telemarketer, have you noticed that? I'll pick up the phone and be like, hello? And they'll be like, oh, hey, Pi, it's Julie calling from Dr. So-and-so's office. I'm like, oh, hey, Julie, because I thought it was a telemarketer. That feeling of like, ooh, I don't wanna have this call, that's the.

the croc brain that's going off, right? And as soon as you find out that, hey, there's something in this for me, oh, this person's calling me because I'm actually interested, then it shuts off and we move past it. So it's the survival part of us. It doesn't want to be pressured. It wants to avoid caloric consumption. It wants to avoid the loss of resources. My Persian accent just came out for one second. The vants too, that's my dad right there. But yeah, it wants to avoid this loss of resources. So it doesn't want to give up time. It doesn't want to give up money. This is what it's concerned about. And that's the, when we call somebody, we have to think that the first mode that they're in is gonna be in this instinctual mode to want to get off the call, okay?

This is the first thing we have to get past. Then we have the neocortex. This is our reasoning center. It's the place of the brain that wants time to analyze. It wants to problem solve. Honestly, this is where we hang out most of our days, okay? It's where you are right now. You're in the neocortex. You're processing information. It's where you are when you work. It's also where you are, you're maybe in a mix of these two places when you're driving, for example, because when you're driving, that's part instinct, part like analyzing and trying to stay alive and not kill anybody in the process. So the neocortex wants time for research, comparison of data points, space to think and process, and it's also the part that wants to negotiate, debate, and bargain. Okay. Then we have.

of the limbic system or the midbrain. This is the emotional center of the brain and it's responsible for stories, for memories, for relationships. And if you're wondering like, well, we're gonna talk about that in a second actually. Your goals, number one, get past the croc brain. We need to show what's in this for a person when we speak to them, right? Number two, we kinda wanna avoid the neocortex. Like, we don't wanna ask questions that are overly complicated. We don't wanna get them into this place of higher reasoning. We want them, goal number three, the main thing is to stay in the limbic system. And the reason for this, the reason we need them to stay in the limbic system is because if we're talking about a luxury sale, like if we're talking.

about selling a high ticket, a luxury product, what we're talking about is an emotional purchase, right? We don't generally need these items. We want these items, which means that it's mostly an emotional decision paired with some sort of kind of price rationale. So we want to hold people in this space where we can talk to them and get meaningful answers and see what they truly value. So truth bomb, this is your idea here that, that I kind of just shared luxury purchases, they just, they're not logical. Like you, you can, you can try to justify, I know we do. I know we try to find crazy ways. Like, like my wife will be like, Oh my God, I really want this, this, uh, this purse. It's it's $2,000.

but I really need this, like I need this, right? And my wife doesn't do that. What she does instead is like, I got a $2,000 purse for $100 off of eBay because it has a hole in it, and I'm just gonna fix it. And now I got a purse that's worth $2,000, but I got it for, and I'm like, that's amazing, you rock. So anyway, we cannot make luxury purchases logical. They are always an emotional decision. And I say for the most part, because it's not as if price isn't some form of control. There is some thought to price. There are things that we want that we simply can't afford. So there is some level of rational thought in there. But by and large, a person doesn't want a Bentley because they're like,

Oh, I need this car. I need my feet to be surrounded by Bentley fur, which if you haven't felt it, it is like, hmm. I've never, like, the fact that it's on the floor in that car makes me just like feel anxious. But yeah, you take off your shoes, you just put your feet in the fur and it's incredible. Anyway, why does this all matter? It matters because so much of our frustration with sales is actually because we've created the wrong psychological space for the sale, meaning what we end up doing is actually spending all of our time in this neocortex. We're asking questions like about timeline, we're asking about details, we're asking about what do you look for in your photography, we're asking about all these different things.

which makes someone sit there in that space, then when we get to price, we are surprised that they wanna negotiate or debate or bargain or compare. This is literally what we've queued them up to do. When you're in that space, it's exactly what you wanna do. You want time to compare. You wanna say, oh, you know, let me talk to my wife. Oh, you know, let me just go and figure this out. I'll call you back if I'm interested. That's what that portion of the brain wants, right? Okay, so we've created the wrong psychological space. What we need to be doing, what we want is we want our clients to see the person behind the camera, right? Us. We want them to recognize that, hey, it's not just about their photography.

it's not just about the money, it's not just about gear, photography technique, it's not... these are... and yet we spend most of our time talking about those things, but we want them to see the person, right? How many times have I seen that? I've seen so many photographers hop online, I've seen big photographers hop online and then go, you know, photography is so much more than just the gear and the camera, and then two weeks later I saw the same person put up a post, why is photography expensive? Because it takes a significant investment in gear, because we have to learn, because this is a trade skill, because we have business, we have overhead, we have computers, we have editing software.

I kid you not, the same person said those two things two weeks apart. And I'm sitting here going, this makes absolutely no sense. We want the person to see us, and yet we keep talking about the features. So let's talk about how to get away from this. If we made the three brains practical, if you can't get past the croc brain, this is because they see no value in what you're offering, meaning there's nothing in it for them, you only wanna take, that's the way they perceive a scenario. Think telemarketer. If you keep them in the neocortex, they're gonna want time to think, to analyze, and to bargain over price. They're gonna want time to, they're gonna call you back.

going to say, I need to review the contract. They're going to say all those things. They're going to want to, to hold onto this, but if you keep them in the limbic system, they're going to think about what they actually want and what they value, and they're going to weigh that against the cost of what your service is, and that's what we want. We want them to understand us, what they want and what they value. The fact that we know what they want and value and that we have a solution for it. And then last but not least, of course, price should be a consideration too. But we want it to be in that process. So making this more tactical, bad question examples. Do you have time right now? No.

Nobody has time right now. Are you busy? Yes, I am always busy. This is a croc brain warning sign, okay? Do not ask that question. Bad example number two, tell me about what you're looking for in your newborn photography, or in your pet photography, or in your wedding photography. This will send them straight to the neocortex. They're thinking about their mood board, they're thinking about Pinterest, they're thinking about their shot list, everything they wanna get captured. Bad question example number three, can you tell me about your wedding day timeline? Oh my goodness, that is just stressful. That's something that they're gonna have to hammer out, they're gonna have to think about for a long time, and ideally, not with you. That should be with a wedding planner. That should be with someone else.

But that is a stressful question. What's your budget? How much are you looking to spend? Nothing? As little as possible? Like what possible good answer can we get from that? Aside from saying the neocortex, still you're not gonna get good answers from this, right? Our first big mistake in the sales process is failing to create the right emotional space. And when we do this, it's very likely that if we failed to create the correct emotional space, we've also failed to understand what we're selling, we've also failed to understand their needs and their values, we've also failed to help them feel like you're their advocate, and we've failed to establish your value.