It's time for step one. We are jumping in to lay your foundation. Basically everything we're going to be doing right now and moving on through is to help make the process of implementation that much easier, okay, to make it that much quicker as well. So let's get right into this and the first thing I'm going to say is the topics and pain points we're really discussing in terms of step one is this. Why should I focus in on a specific niche? We get that question a lot.

I really wanna drill this home, like the importance of niching. We also have a fear attached to that. Like, can I make enough money if I niche down? Yes, you can, but I'm gonna address that as well. We're gonna go deep into how to pick a niche that fits you. I'm gonna give you both a niche finder tool as well as a coaching AI to help you with that. Also, I'm kind of shifting things around a little bit. If you're familiar with the first version of this program, step two is where we actually did the competitor research and kind of how do I stand out? How do I execute?

implement quickly, how do I do all these things? Well, that's kind of an overall thing. But step two was where we did a lot of the market research. I'm actually shifting that forward and pushing some of the other things in step one actually to step two, because I think it's easier to come up with ideas and to know what, like say for example, your clarified message, what is your vision? Where are we going with this brand? I think it's easier to define those things after we do a bit of market research. So we're gonna hit all those foundational pieces right here. I'm gonna give you a heads up.

And I'm gonna say this in basically every single lesson because I want you to have this in your heads drilled in okay For me personally, I've been an educator for a long time and what I've learned 10 years ago I'm not gonna explain this by the way every single time. I'm only gonna explain this in the first step 10 years ago The educational space was filled with coaches with educators that were saying things like you're gonna get 30 hours 40 hours 50 hours Of content of material and what I quickly realized over that

time was that that's ineffective. Gone are the days where like it's a useful thing to have a lot of information and have tons of hours to go through because we don't ever complete those things right. Right now I personally believe that in order for education to be effective it has to be simple and easy to understand. It has to be something that I can I can quickly gain so that I can basically go through the process of implementation. That's the only way that it works. So this is going to be fast-paced remember

that you can pause, implement, and repeat that process as much as you'd like. And because this is step one, I'm also gonna say this. If you've been through this program before, if this is your second time around, or even third time, it's a beautiful thing. Your understanding right now, what you're really learning is the language of business. And that understanding, your ability to speak the language of business, is gonna improve over time. So if you're doing this for the first time, fantastic. But if you've completed it, come back and do another review.

As your ability to understand the business, the language of business, as that improves, your next time through this, you're gonna see nuances and details that you didn't see the first time, okay? So treat this like a library that you revisit. And again, remember, pause, implement, and repeat, all right? Between sessions, also remember that the mentorship group is there for you to ask questions. You can ask of me, you can ask of our team. I do have some people in there right now that are group experts, and we also have our own team in there as well. You can seek advice from peers.

get feedback, you can link out to them and try to do role plays, all of that, network, amazing. I also want you to share your wins and aha moments. I'm not gonna tell you why here, because that's redundant, but there is a purpose to that as well. With that said, let's go ahead and dive into step one. Okay, let's work smarter, not harder. That's kind of the entire concept that we're getting into, which basically means I wanna limit the amount of rework.

that you do, you've got a long road ahead of you as a business owner, as an entrepreneur, this is a marathon, okay? I don't want you, this is gonna happen from time to time that you do have to do rework and refinement, but I wanna minimize that as much as possible, which means if you haven't already chosen a business name, if you haven't selected a website URL, if you haven't created your logo, your website, selected design, put together your portfolio, if you haven't started marketing, what I'm gonna say is wait, wait for all of this.

In step five, that's essentially where we're gonna go before we start implementing all the foundation that you're laying right now. So I'm gonna suggest that essentially you wait to that point so that way we limit the amount of rework that you're doing, okay? If you have, if you already have a business, maybe it's already a successful business and you're looking to kind of level up, right? I still don't want you to change anything right now. What I wanna do is work on one thing at a time. And the beautiful thing about business, one of my favorite ideas.

is that, I think I heard this from Alex Ramosi, I don't know who originally said this, but it's such a beautiful idea. At any one point in time, there's only one major constraint on your business, okay? One major thing that I need to work on to move the needle. We simply need to identify what that is and work on that thing. So I don't want you to start diving in and to start changing things. If you already have an established business, what I wanna do is refine one thing at a time, and you're gonna do it in the same step-by-step manner that the program is designed.

Okay, it's literally made for you to be able to pinpoint what might be the likely issue, what might be that lowest hanging fruit that I need to address. Either way, let's build the foundation first. And the idea here is working on your website, your branding, or even your marketing efforts, pushing and trying to get more views, it's very likely, and I mean like 99% likely, okay, to be ineffective and ultimately lead to a lot more work and potential rework. So I'm going to...

Mind you, remember we're here with this idea. The first few steps is this idea that Abraham Lincoln said that I mentioned back in the intro module that if I had six hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend the first four sharpening my ax. I always want you to think this way, okay? Okay. If you are coming from the Blueprint series or if you saw the Blueprint series, you might have noticed that it followed this structure. And that's because the Blueprint series was basically a condensed version of 10K2.

It was kind of like the crash course. This is the format that you saw in the intro module for 10K2K and the steps, the parts that are kind of laid out for you, they fall into this. First, part one, we're building a luxury photography brand. That's where we are right now, right? Then in part two, by the way, part one is steps one through five. Part two is steps six through 11. So in part two, now it's let's start marketing. Let's start creating a qualified lead generation pipeline, consistently getting more leads, right?

Then in steps 12 through 16, we go, okay, now that we have leads coming in, we go to part three, let's become a sales and closing wizard. If I boiled down the why it's this, remember like there's at any one point in time, we have one major constraint, right now we can go granular with this, or we can go high level with what those constraints are. These are those constraints at a high level. Okay. The idea of, well, why am I struggling to consistently attract

quality leads that become high-paying clients, okay? So the idea of attracting the right people to our business, that's step one. That's why we're building a luxury brand, a brand that speaks to the right audience because what most of us encounter in this first phase of running the business is I might get some views, maybe even some people reach out, but they tend to be people that are, they're budget hunters, they're looking for discounts, or maybe they're just looking for a type of service that I don't really want to offer, but for some reason they're.

asking if I do this and they're not the right fit for me. So it's attracting the right people to our business. That's our first layer of this foundation and at a high level, this is the first major constraint that we run into. Then the second one is once we've built that, once we have a brand that is reputable and once we have a brand that has recognition, it demands respect, then we run into well, how do I generate more leads? And then once we're generating more leads, how do I convert them all? These are those high level.

constraints that we're essentially looking at, and we can go deeper into each one, but our first four, our first five steps is addressing the first one. We are here to build a business that attracts quality leads, that attracts the right clients, your dream clients. And I'm going to say 90% of us struggle with this. And when I say 90%, I am being very kind. I'm being very conservative in that number, because the reality is that this is really the vast majority of us.

of us are gonna be struggling with this. 90% of us, and this is the reason, by the way, why we are struggling, 90% of us, the way that we approach photography, we decide to go pro. We immediately basically rush to put up a website and portfolio, we start marketing our services, whether that's through Instagram, whether it's through Facebook, maybe it's paid ads, all of it, right? We immediately kind of throw all this stuff up, we get a few great images in there, we put it together, a website design that we think is good, and then we just start marketing the services. We run.

And what I'm saying is basically, even if you start generating views, you'll struggle to convert those views into actual leads. And then you'll struggle even more turning those leads into price respecting clients because they weren't the right leads to begin with. So this is that place where we get stuck. This is that high level constraint. The biggest issue that we have when it can be realistically, it can be when we first start our business. Obviously, most of us run into this right at that point. Or we've already.

already established a business and we're already working, we're putting in this grinding effort and it's going, we are successful, we're getting it moving, but it's not efficient and it's not effective because we never properly created that brand that's worth respecting. Now I wanna give you concrete examples of this and if you're wondering why we're going in depth here, I wanna go in depth into this lesson and into this entire step because I need you to understand the importance of what this foundation is. I'm gonna ask you to do quite a bit of work

steps one through step five. I mean, really it's steps one through four where we're literally just putting in the time, the effort, and then step five we start implementing. I need you to have a concrete understanding of why I'm asking you to put that foundation in place from steps one through four. Otherwise you might feel like, well, I should just skip to step five and that's what I don't want you to do, okay? So let's step outside of the photography world for one second. Let's go to some of my consulting work. So I do quite a bit of consulting work on the side.

And I charge a lot of money for this. Okay. My, my one-on-one consulting. This is something that starts at like $10,000 per client for a standard commission, uh, for a one-on-one coaching plan, right? The, the people coming into it, the funny thing is that I'm literally saying and helping them implement the exact same steps that you're going to find inside this program. Only these are businesses in other spaces. It's physical therapy. It's it's finance. It's in this case, um, they are basically selling.

type of financial product for people that want to retire or build their retirement, right? I blurred out the logos, I blurred out anything that could, I wanna leave them anonymous essentially. But this was their website. If I showed you their social media and their logos and all of the other stuff, it's dramatically worse than this. But this already is not good. I mean, we land here, we go, what's wealth building without protection, okay? So what do you sell? Do you sell insurance? What kind of protection?

Then you leverage the bank to finance your home, why not leverage the bank to finance your retirement introducing Kaizen? What the hell does that mean? I don't know what this means. What is Kaizen? You're telling me Kaizen is something like, like I should know what that name is, you even put it down here. And then there's this weird graph and then we have experience in financial security, powerful team of professionals about us. Then they literally say the exact same thing that every, we founded with a mission to serve and protect families, to put clients needs first and follow the golden rule to treat others. I mean, this is literally.

what I would just expect of anybody that's holding my money. Oh, a video is broken, so that link doesn't even work. This is a really bad brand experience, okay? Inside of that financial space. And to give you a comparison, if I looked at one of their competitors, and granted, this is a large competitor. If I look at Capital Group, the reason why they popped into my head is because I have friends that work locally at Capital Group. But this is a very large company that has.

has everything dialed. And I'm not saying you have to have things dialed to this extent, but look how simple this is. This is their investor page, right? Need help with your account? They know that that's the first thing people are looking for, so go to services and support right here. Then they say, okay, well, your goals are what matters. So here's what we offer. Here's how to get started. Wherever you're at in life, we're there with you. So here's what we can do with savings for college and finances after 40. They've identified their clients and they have a place to go for each one of them. It's well-designed, beautiful spacing, simple typography, easy.

The user experience is fantastic. And you might be wondering like, and by the way, you don't need tens of thousands of dollars or millions of dollars, this is a billion dollar business. You don't need to be a billion dollar business or anything even close to that to get to something like this. Literally, you can grab templates for a couple hundred bucks which, but that's down the road, okay? So it's very affordable to get to something that looks this established. I want you to understand why though, why this is so important. My client that had this brand.

They had a video that they posted, they were posting hundreds of videos onto Instagram and they just happened to have one of these videos that went massively viral, okay? So right time, right place, this video gets 10 million views. They converted 10 million views into 1,000 leads, okay? And of those 1,000 leads, they were able to build a six-figure business pretty much just within a very short period of time, like within a six-month period as they were publishing these videos, right?

And you might think that's incredible, but they reached out to me and they're like, Pi, we're ready to bring you on to consult. And it was a little, I mean, I'm still working with them, but I was like, this is late. I wish you brought me on earlier. No matter, we're gonna fix this, but we're late. And the reason why is, a brand that's established, if we had a presence from social media over to the website, that was more refined, where we know our audience, we know what we're selling, we know what we're delivering, we can communicate in a way that.

that resonates, make the process very simple and easy, kind of like what you see here, right? Then you should be able to convert around 1% of your views into actual leads, okay? For context, they generated 10 million. They got 1,000 leads. That would have been 10 million views to generate 100,000 leads. That would have been 1% of 10.

million is 100,000. The difference in doing this before putting all their time and their effort into marketing was 100 times the number of leads. Okay. If they had done this before, it would have been game over. They would have had such a large network at that point. So many people waiting to work with them and so many referrals to potentially come to them that marketing wouldn't have been an issue, but because they reversed the process.

threw up some crappy brand, some crappy offering that nobody can even understand and then just started making videos. Because they reversed the process, they got 1,000 leads. And while that sounds great, the trade-off was $500,000 compared to 100 times that, which is not $5 million, but rather $50 million. That's the idea that we're talking about. The reason I wanna drive this home, and we're stepping outside the world of photography for a moment, let's bring it back, but I want you to understand that.

With that leaky bucket syndrome, it doesn't mean that you can't be successful. What it means is that it requires 10 to 100 times the effort to generate the exact same amount of money, okay? That's the issue that we have. That's why I'm saying let's slow down because what we tend to think in that place, when we put up the brand, we start trying to market and we're not getting the kind of people that we want, we tend to go to these scarcity mindset, these self-limiting beliefs, like the market is just too saturated.

We think that clients don't value good photography. We think that they don't respect my prices or as soon as I send my prices, they ghost me. We think I can't compete with cheap photographers and there's so many of those. We think if I niche down, I'm gonna lose clients or if I raise prices, I'm gonna lose clients. All of these things are completely untrue or they might have small truths to them, but yeah, the market is saturated. Every market is saturated, but.

That doesn't mean you can't do business in that market and it doesn't mean you can't stand out, right? Clients don't value good photography, some don't, a lot do. So each one of these has some grain of truth to it, but we cling to it as if it's the reason why we're struggling and it's not, okay? All of this stems to the idea, the truth bomb, that most of us, we failed to build a luxury brand and then we wonder why we're not getting high quality leads and high paying clients. Okay.

Now, I want to kind of get this concept home early as well, that we need to look at what you're offering as a photography, as a service, as a luxury. I don't care how you design your brand. A luxury brand can look a number of different ways. It can look adventurous, it can look bold, it can look classy, it can look sophisticated, it can look minimalistic. Those are just the way that it looks. But your brand has to be a luxury brand. And the reason why is because the consumer side of it.

of our business has already been eaten up by the phone. The phone does pretty much everything that a person would want. It's good enough. It replaces the reason to go to those crappy, remember like the Kmart and JCPenney portrait studios, the places where you'd go and spend a couple hundred bucks and get the same type of photos that everybody gets. The phone kind of replaced that because now everybody has a decent enough camera and it might not be a Kmart portrait, but it's real and it's an image that I'd capture of my kids or of people that I like and whatever it might be and it's good.

good enough, it services that need on the low end. So if the low end of photography is already eaten up, it's gone, then what we're left with is basically photography as a luxury. It's people that wanna spend a good amount of money on photography, but for something elevated, for an experience that's elevated. So what does it mean to offer a luxury service in just general, right? Well, it's any product or service that's limited in nature, that's you, you are limited in nature, and even if you're.

building an associate brand. Photographers, they are highly skilled and it takes time to train them, right? So it requires highly skilled labor. It's time intensive. There's only so much scaling we can do because of how time and labor intensive it is. And it requires an elevated experience. And that's a big piece that a lot of us leave off, right? But I want us to understand this concept. We have to position our brands as a luxury brand. And to kind of help.

make this idea just a little more concrete. This is a difference, again, stepping outside of our photography world for a moment, this is a difference in the real world, right? On the left, you have a luxury, I mean, they're everything. Accessories, clothing, this is Louis Vuitton, right? So they sell all this stuff. This is a luxury brand. And on the right, you have Ross, essentially, where they sell high-end brands, but it's not a luxury space. Now, if I were to ask you, tell me what are the differences, and you can.

you can jump in and jump into the chat and tell me, what are the differences between these two consumer experiences? By the way, if I say jump in the chat, it's for people that are here while we're filming this live. If you're watching this from the lesson library, you can go to the comments, you can also jump onto Facebook as well. But what are the differences between these two? Well, on the left, right? On the left, we have every piece of this merchandise, every product is placed as.

a piece of art. You have one at a time, you have beautiful lighting, you have a minimalistic design, you have a store that looks clean, it's warm, it uses kind of a refined overall experience just in the materials that are used in the store right. On the right you have industrial carpeting with cheap concrete flooring and products that are placed not as if they're luxury items but as if they're just a commodity like go and pick which ones fits you.

something for everybody type thing. There's not something for everybody on the left, but there's something for everybody over here on the right. And you expect the prices to follow suit. We have an expectation of higher prices on the left, simply because of the design of the experience itself versus the expectation of deal shopping over here on the right, where there's something for everyone, where we're selling commodities, right? The funny thing is the difference in actual quality of material between items sold on the left versus items.

sold on the right, they don't justify the difference in price. Maybe some of these items, they use nicer material than these items, right? But a purse over here sells for $3,000 and a purse over here sells for $30. You can't tell me that the $3,000 is because it uses nicer leather. Of course it uses nicer leather, maybe it has handcrafted stitching, whatever it might be, but that's an expectation. It's not a feature that drives the price point. What drives the price point is the.

lifestyle and the experience that's attached to the brand versus over here, there really isn't one. Like we're looking for brand kind of names, but at a cheap price and, and that's it. I want to bring this home because while we understand this whole idea from the outside, especially looking at other people's businesses, looking at that example, most of us, this goes back to again, more than 90% of us create brands that look like a commodity and then we leave our.

clients in this position to basically price shop, and then we wonder why they do. We've created a brand that doesn't demand price respect, and then we wonder why they don't respect our pricing. This is to illustrate this concept of essentially brand framing, okay? Luxury framing versus commodity framing. So let's bring this into the photography world, and I'm gonna first give you kind of a ridiculous example. This is my daughter. This is an image that I took of my daughter, and I grabbed one of the worst websites I could find.

possibly fine. I like literally typed in, show me like the worst website designs and it gave me this Pacific Northwest X-ray ink. So I dropped the image in this website just as a point. I know none of you are designing websites like this, but I want you to see how cheap the image looks just from dropping it in here versus I went onto a crappy template site and I found the most basic photography template and I simply put it on there. So they already had this little shoe shot and I just left everything exactly the same, okay? But.

But look at the difference in perceived value between this experience versus this one. And you might be going like, Pi, I know none of us are gonna go and create this, right? We get that. But I want you to see it for real as well. So this is an exaggerated example to get this idea across. Now I wanna show you an alumni example. So this is Stephanie, okay? She has a boudoir business and to be completely honest and fair, her existing website.

is still better than the majority of photographers that go into business, okay? This is dramatically better as far as a brand experience than the majority of us when we first start. That being said, we did a little website audit and I said, I feel like we can elevate this even further. And so what I did in this audit was I just took her exact same imagery, the exact same everything, and I basically made an experience that was more refined, okay, and it's this. So now it's unveiled, it's the same everything. I...

went and just grabbed her images and dropped it over like a template that I found and did this all in Canva, right? And I put her image right here. There is a huge difference and there's a thought behind it. Some of the thoughts that I had was like, well, Stephanie, and by the way, we're here because we're in all kind of genres of client serving photography, right? I'm gonna give you examples across all different realms, but I wanna give you this one because we'll have a lot of wedding examples. I wanna do something that's non-wedding related first.

But look, I asked Stephanie, I'm sure a lot of your clients would come in and they want something that's sensual, but do you agree that maybe Boudoir clients are at different levels? Like you've got level one where it's like, I want something sensual, but it's also like kind of classy and not too in your face. And you got level two, like I wanna go a little bit further. And you got level three, which is like, let's get naked, right? Granted, you're not gonna ever say those words, but this is just us. Okay, so this is like for the client that's like ready to go, let's just get naked, right? I'm.

Like, well, if this is the landing page of our website, maybe we show an image that speaks to all three of these clients. They want something sensual. They can see themselves in that picture because for this photograph, I think only a certain number of people might see themselves in that image. So that's when I went to a portfolio and I found this one. And I'm like, every single one of your clients, every woman can see themselves in this picture. If they want boudoir, this is gonna be something that they're all gonna want. We brought a clarified message. We brought it right up front,

simple, had a bold call to action, let's chat. And then we said, and introduced herself right there. Everything else about this is just simply making it more clean and more refined of a design. Choosing an image that fits the quality of work that she's creating to represent herself, telling her story, reducing the number of logos and all these things that maybe they have some relevance, we share them down below, but they don't need to be right there up top, and cleaning up the typography. This is.

Framing. So what I want you to keep in mind is that Stephanie's work didn't change at all. I didn't go and create new images. I didn't go and, we didn't even do a new picture. I literally found this picture. It was either on our website or on Facebook, and I was like, oh, that'd be a better picture that's more fitting, that would speak to those clients, like speak to every one of those clients. So that's it. It's the same images. It's the same work. It's the same everything, but reframed. And the question would be, well, which brand has higher perceived value?

I'm sharing this with you right now, not with the intention that you're gonna get started yet, because I'm not giving you the steps to get started yet. So don't go jumping into this yet. What I want you to understand is where we're going with these first four steps. We're gonna start the implementation at step five, but this is where we're going. We're here to build a luxury brand experience that converts views into leads, that demands price respect, and it helps you stand out by showcasing you.

All right, if you have any questions on this jump into the Facebook group Love to hear you there, but that's it for this lesson. Let's jump the next one Next so why you must niche down and maybe the more important aspect is how okay there's gonna be a large number of you that have already selected a niche and There's gonna be some of you that have not and regardless of where you might be at I still want you to stick with this because I need you to see how everything is connected

as we go down this road, okay? There's a general fear when it comes to niching, and there's actually quite a few fears, but probably the biggest one that I constantly see is if I don't offer more services, then I'm not gonna make enough money. There can be a small truth to this, but there's a large untruth here. The first part is that it's by niching that will actually allow you to make more money. So niching is gonna make you more money by far.

are always that's, that's the big truth. But there is a small truth where if you built kind of a haphazard brand, that's accepting people from all over, you're doing some headshots, you're doing some real estate, you're doing some weddings, you're doing some of this, some of that. Then of course, as soon as you start cutting off service segments, you're going to feel like you're not gonna be able to make enough money because you no longer do that thing, right? I'm not necessarily telling you to cut anything off, by the way, what I'm saying is that we need to get focused in terms of what it is that we're actually selling.

and I'll speak to that in a second. But that fear, that idea that you're not gonna make enough money in that place, it's short term. Long term, you're gonna make dramatically more money by niching, but in that short term period, you might have that fear because right now, you're generating money from a bunch of different places. It's okay, I'm gonna tell you how to deal with that, but I want to get over this fear, okay? We're gonna do it together. So let me give you a bit of proof. You probably wouldn't even think.

that you could focus just on puppy portraits. But that's literally what one of our alumni, actually we have several alumni that do just this. Chris made $24,000 within a month and she lives in a small city. She used to live in Denver where it was far easier because it's a larger place. Now she lives in a city of 57,000 people. She made $24,000 in a month as a puppy portrait photographer. So yes, even in dialed-in niches, even in smaller places, we can still.

generate a substantial amount of revenue. Then we have, like say Thomas. Thomas is out of Denver, he does boudoir, and forecasting for the year, this is for 2025, if he keeps track of his booking rate and sales, he could pass $500,000. He's been killing it. Over the last year, he's been crushing it. And all he does is boudoir. So the riches are in the niches. I don't know if you've heard this saying, but it is absolutely true and accurate. The riches are in the niches, and the reason why is it allows you to speak.

to a very specific type of client. It allows you to really dial in in terms of your marketing message and the way you're communicating. But for just a moment, what we're gonna do is we're gonna play a little exercise right now where you assume that you've mastered every genre of photography, okay? I wanna assume that despite it taking, you're never gonna master everything, but let's just say that you have. And even if you did master a bunch of different spaces, it would take you a decade plus to do that. But let's just say you've done this. The question is, how would you communicate that message?

and to who? I love using this as like an illustration because I can really help you understand how this sounds from the client's perspective. So I want you to imagine that you are a client or a potential client, okay? You are a potential person looking for a photographer and maybe it is, you can think of whatever you want to be looking for in terms of photography, okay? But it's one of these genres and this is me. You see me pop up on Instagram and I say, hey I'm Pi, I'm the owner of Capture Awesome Photography, CAP for short.

And no matter what your photography needs are, I got you covered. Okay, I do headshots, I do weddings, I do newborn family, real estate, corporate events, bar and bat mitzvahs, I do pets and animals. Look, as long as you want awesome pictures, give me a call, 1-800-I-DO-IT-ALL today. If you saw that ad, would you hire me? That's my question. If you saw this ad, would you hire me? And I want you to be completely honest, would you hire this photographer? I think the vast majority of you would probably say no.

Because even if you're looking for one of these things that I do and I like let's say you wanted weddings Let's say you want a real estate whatever it was that you're looking for It doesn't sound like I'm an expert in any one of those things does it it sounds actually probably like I'm a used-car salesperson Who's just trying to? Convince you to buy something from me, even though you may not want it Even though it might not be the thing that that actually meets your needs. I'm just trying to get your money This is what it sounds like that is the used-car sales pitch And when we try to mark to everybody

That's what we're doing and that's how it sounds. And we can even take it outside of the space, okay? Let's take it completely outside of business altogether. This is attempting to create a business that speaks to everyone, right? And it sounds dumb. What if we attempted to create a piece of art that speaks to everyone? Well, that's literally Komar and Melamed, okay? This is the most wanted painting. This was an experiment that was done back in 1995, whatever, where basically.

They did a survey and polls and they asked people like, what do you think the perfect piece of artwork, perfect painting would be? And so they had a list of all these different options and people would choose like, oh, blue sky, clouds, it's gotta have like deer in it, it's gotta have like a family, it's gotta have a kid. Overwhelmingly, a lot of people chose George Washington. It's gotta have trees. So they literally put together the world's most wanted painting. This was the painting that satisfied everybody's needs.

and you look at that and you're like I would never buy that painting that's great it's satisfied what everybody wanted in the photograph and now it speaks to absolutely none of them the same concept could apply in music it could apply in paintings it could apply in in writing books but it most certainly also applies in business okay and so what we run into with this idea when someone says you know a pie I don't need to niche down I'm good at a lot of things

What I need you to understand the truth bomb behind this is that it's not a skill issue. First, I also want to say like most of the time when people are like, I'm good at 10 different things, I usually end up seeing someone who is average at best at all 10 of those things. They're not exceptional at any one, but let's just say that that's covered. This is not a skill issue. Even if you had the skill, the problem is that we can't effectively market without speaking to a specific audience and with a specific need. Okay. And yet that's how we design our.

website, our portfolio, our online experience. We go through our images. We choose out, you know, oh, this was a cool brand portrait that I did. This was a great dog image. This is an event that I shot, like a running event. Here's a destination engagement. Here's a wedding. Here's some behind the scenes work that I do. There's also some wildlife and some landscape work. I can do all this stuff. This is how we tend to build out our website where we see all these images in our portfolio. And maybe you don't go this far. You don't go as far as showing all of this. But maybe you show way too much within specifically the web.

space way too much within specifically you know corporate portraits because you don't know who it is that we're trying to speak to but the majority of us are doing this with our brands so we kind of brought that idea about music and I love this quote from Ed Sheeran which is I can't tell you the key to success but the key to failure is trying to please everyone okay I think we've drilled this home this whole concept of niching down is exactly what's gonna make it possible for you to quickly level up your technical skill so if

You are starting out on the technical side, like you're developing your artistry. It's by focusing where you can dump all of your time into one specific area and become exceptional at that area very quickly. That only happens if you focus, right? It's through niching where you can actually identify your ideal client because now you can know who you're speaking to. Then because we know our ideal client, we can craft the perfect message for them. Then because we understand the client and the messaging that resonates with them, we can tailor the right brand experience.

experience. I know what website to choose. I know what copy to put on that website. I can market to the right audience. If I want to do paid ads, I don't have to. I can do organic everything, which is what we teach you here. But if you wanted to do paid ads, then you know exactly who to market to. It's also in the process of niching that you're going to simplify your life. I don't think a lot of us realize how stressful it is to try to run a photography business when your revenue comes from headshots and real estate and weddings and all these different places.

places, it is a total grind. And if you don't know how stressful that is, ask somebody that's done that. It is highly stressful and you never know when your next paycheck and who your next paycheck is going to come from because we don't know who to market to. We have so many different places to go. It's also a niching down that you're going to make dramatically more money. We're talking like 10, 20, 30, 40 times more money, okay? Now, the typical questions...

that come through at this point is something I wanna address. So the first one, this idea like, but if I niche down, then I won't be able to shoot other things. If you are in that space where you're serving a bunch of different people, right? Like a bunch of different clients and different spaces, all I'm telling you to do is we're gonna pick one. I'd like for you to pick the one that aligns with your interest and that aligns with your revenue. Like where is the majority of revenue coming from? Where is that most of your interest in? Let's align those two things.

let's focus on them. That doesn't mean you can't continue taking the work that comes in, right? We can still, whether it's existing clients that I'm doing, just because I focus in on weddings doesn't mean I can't do the headshot job, doesn't mean I can't do the real estate job. I have a network, and within that network, people are gonna ask me to do different things. Absolutely, you can do those things, but we don't have to market everything that we're shooting. We wanna market the images that we want to recreate,

Clients that we want to continue bringing in. That's what we want to focus in on the marketing side. But look, whether you're building a brand portrait business or whether you're building a wedding studio, it doesn't matter. What you're also building is a network. So let's say you do brand portraits for entrepreneurs and thought leaders, okay? Those same people are going to become part of a network. And they're going to come back to you and say, hey, I also need product photos for my business. Oh, hey, I know someone that's getting married. Do you by chance do that? Or do you have any recommendations? You can always take those other jobs.

Great, fantastic, and you can also turn them down if you wanna focus on what you wanna do. But it doesn't mean that just because you took the job that you have to market it. So you can always shoot other things. What I'm saying is let's choose one thing to drill home in terms of our messaging, our landing page, what is our brand, our business focus, and by all means, do all the other jobs you want or don't. That's up to you. And plus, you can do unpaid shoots too. You can do your own shoots. The idea that you have to only.

shoot within your niche is crazy, okay? Now there's another question that often pops up is like, what if I wanna serve two different niches or even two or more, right? Niches that are completely different from each other. Like let's say boudoir and brand portraits. Those are totally different things, right? Well, the first thing that I would say is I would love for you to build one business at a time. I think it's a terrible idea to build more than one business at a time, okay? You just don't have enough time and effort to be able to.

split between these two things. Most of us, that's a kind of a recipe for disaster for most everyone. But the second thing I would say is if that's something you wanna do, if you've already got one of them going and it's going well and you wanna spin up another, then what we're talking about is you need a completely separate brand, okay? So if we have two niches that are completely different, we're looking at two completely different brands, all right? Now, attached to that is, well, but what if I wanna serve maybe two or more niches, but they're completely related? Let's say that I wanna do weddings.

but I also want to do like maternity because a lot of my wedding clients become Maternity clients and then we do families then it's simple. Well, what is it that you mainly want to do? Is it weddings? Okay, let's build the landing page Let's build the business to focus on weddings And then you can always have a menu option that says services And you have a couple other genres like family portraits and maternity whatever you want to put in there That's related you can put it in there and we can always market to those things through other efforts, right? Like we can create seo articles we can create resources

but your main business is what creates the network that's gonna drive to those other services, right? That's totally fine. What we don't wanna do is mix the marketing message. So if you wanna do niches that are completely related, then again, that's what a service has menus for, that's what other ways of marketing for, but I still want you to focus on one. So my suggestion here is we're gonna select one niche, one type of client to be your focus. As you do that, you're still gonna build your network and they're gonna ask you to.

do other things, and that's great. And to understand that you can always market to other clients through your services menu, through SEO resources and articles, through your referral network, through your newsletter. There's a number of other ways, once you've built these relationships, to continue marketing other services, but I still want you to start with one. The idea here, have you guys ever seen like the plate spinners? I'm sure you've seen someone that spins plates, I'm not an expert in this, but when I've seen them, they always start with one plate.

get it spinning, then they start another plate, get it spinning, then they start another plate, get it spinning, then they revisit the first, spin it up a little bit more, revisit the second, get it going again, then they go to the fourth, and they keep revisiting. That's what it's like in business too. You start up one business, you get it spinning, you get it going, then you start up another. You don't try to do multiple things at once. And I need you to recognize that when you add on a different niche service, you're not simply adding on another niche or another style of photos. You're adding on a complete.

separate business. If I want to do senior portraits and I also want to do weddings, right, this is not the same client. This is not the same brand experience. I know it's from your standpoint, from a photographer standpoint, it's like well I would approach both shoots the same way. Like I do very similar things the way that I light, the way that I shoot, it's all very similar. But from the brand standpoint, the client standpoint, those are two completely separate businesses. Seniors, they want to see more images of seniors. They want to see how you work with seniors.

They want to see you communicate messages that relate to them. Whereas wedding clients, they don't want to see senior photos. A bride doesn't want to see seniors popping up on your feed. They don't care about, you know, 10 tips to taking better senior portraits or here's what you got to do before you graduate. They want things that apply to them. They want bridal tips. They want to see other inspiring images from brides and other weddings. They want to see details and help with their timeline. Their needs are completely different. So we have to look at the needs.

niches as not simply a technical skill, but anytime we add a niche, we're looking to create a completely separate business. That's what it is in reality. Okay. So the question now is how do I choose the right niche? How do I make sure I don't serve clients that I dislike, that I don't build a business that I end up hating? We don't want that. That's not sustainable. And that I don't burn out and quit because that's the ultimate direction that this goes. If we.

choose an area just for the money, or if we choose an area just for a short-term kind of need, then we end up often building something that is not sustainable. So, here we go. Our first action step, we have the niche finder tool and coach. Okay, really there's three steps when it comes to figuring out your ideal niche, okay? Step number one is to kind of select a potential, an idea for your niche. Step number two is to visualize what it would be like to actually do that thing. And this.

This is where I want you to go a little bit deep within this process of visualization. And then once you understand, once you truly understand that I'm going to give you a checklist and you're going to confirm like this niche can satisfy all this criteria and then we know that that's something that fits. So let's show you what that looks like essentially. Step one, selecting a potential niche. So to get your mind moving, I have some niches and sub niches and what I've done first is we want our niche to have proven market demand. That's step number one.

We can't choose a niche or choose a space that has no demand. I mean, you can, but if you choose a space that nobody's looking for, that there's no demand, people don't know that they need that thing, then basically what it leaves is for you to become such a big name that people just wanna work with you, okay? So generally wanna choose something that has decent market demand to begin with. And what I've done is I've created a little set of ideas. So within the space of wedding photography or corporate photography or family photography, I've created sub-niches. So whether it's, you could.

focus on a niche like wedding photography, or you can go into a sub-niche as well. It's not required that you sub-niche, but the more we can differentiate, it's a little bit better, okay? So at least have a niche, and if you'd like, you can go down into a sub-niche. But these are all niches and sub-niches that have good market demand. There is plenty of money to be made in each of these spaces. This is not a comprehensive list. Like you'll notice that I didn't include boudoir on here, but clearly boudoir is one of those. This is just.

a place to get you thinking about kind of areas that have decent market demand, okay? Obviously Boudoir would be on the list. Okay, at that point we selected an idea potential, then it goes to, well now I want you to visualize. So spend 10 minutes visualizing day-to-day life as well as the pros and cons of this potential nation. What I really want you to think about is what would day-to-day life look like say three to five years from now? What does, what are the pros and cons of being in.

this niche? Are you dealing with the type of clients that you love dealing with? Or do you see potential issues there, clashes in personality? To help you out with this process, I'm giving you a prompt. And so you can use the standard prompts you can use with any AI tool. I'm going to go ahead and pull up a window so I can bring it up on my side. Let's just bring this over. And the way that you're going to use these is pretty simple. We're going to go to chat GPT, use your favorite, but all we're going to do is grab this prompt. We're going to press control or command.

and see the copy, paste it in. And then we're gonna say, we're gonna place a niche in here. So let's just, since we, actually we did a lot of boudoir. So let's do family portraits with, and you can say with an emphasis on children's portraits. Okay, drop in that little prompt and it's gonna give you guidance. So absolutely, let's dive into what that would look like. So it's gonna give you the big picture. Here's what the daily weekly workflow is gonna look like. You're gonna shoot.

to four times a week. Here are the challenges, unpredictable behavior, like meltdowns, shy kids, weather. We gotta think, like, is that something that I'm okay with? Am I gonna be, or am I gonna get frustrated with that over time? Uninvolved partners or overwhelmed parents, that's gonna be an often case thing. Here's what we're doing on our non-shooting days. This is what we do in the mornings and the afternoons and the evenings. Here's our client interactions. This is marketing and branding. I want you to really see what that lifestyle looks like, okay? And here, it's gonna give you common stressors, personality fit, everything.

it needs to be something that you can love doing. So once we have that and we go, okay, visualizing this, this is something that I do wanna do. Then we simply go to this and you're gonna start making sure that all the criteria is there. So is this a product or service that people want and value? If it's anything in the space like on the list, then you know it is, okay? We click yes. Are the competitors? That's a good thing. If there's competitors, it shows that this is a place where there's market demand. So yes, I want there to be competitors. Are those competitors successful?

Yes, I want them to be successful. Those are all signs that there's market value, right? Work-life balance. Will I enjoy offering this service repeatedly? I need to be able to enjoy that. If not, if I have to check no on this, I have something that's unsustainable. Will I enjoy serving the clientele with this niche? Yes. Can this niche provide me with the type of income that I seek? Well, let's figure that out. I mean, if it's, again, any of the market value ones, yes, the answer to that is yes. Can this niche give you the time and lifestyle you want? Make sure. If you don't want to be working.

weddings and you're sorry don't want to be working on weekends and you're thinking of being a wedding photographer that could present some serious challenges right you might need to think well i do want to do weddings but i don't want to work weekends so maybe is there a genre that that that would serve me inside the wedding space and then you go oh you know what elopements and court weddings those often happen on weekdays what if i focused on that totally doable right last personal fulfillment does it align with what you value and appreciate

would you find meaning in serving clients with a space? All of these pieces from work-life to fulfillment, these are long-term pieces, meaning if you answer no to these, there's a really good chance a few years from now you might start making good money, but then you actually burn out, okay? So I want you to follow that. This doesn't require like anything special. You can use all this with just free prompts. I also built you this. This is my niche finder coach. And so what I did, this is for those, I do recommend having.

a premium chat GPT account, but you do need that to use custom GPTs. Okay, so this is a custom GPT that I programmed to basically act like me. So it's gonna speak to you from like a psychological standpoint of whether this thing is right for you. You can use this to test out an idea of a niche. You can use it to validate the niche that you've chosen, either way. But click the link, and once you're here, it says, when you're ready, tell me what niche you're considering. So let's put in something else. I'm thinking of.

Let's just do wedding photography. Okay, we'll do that little example. Okay, do you have a specific location that you'd like to offer for this service? Are you thinking of offering a destination? So I'm gonna say I want to work out of, let's do Texas. I, backwards, Austin, Texas. Okay.

Perfect, so it's going to give you a market evaluation. What's the market demand? It says around the Austin Rock, okay, 12,000, that's a really good number of weddings. The median cost, that's great. Competitiveness, there's a lot of active professionals and then it gives you a recommendation. Okay, there is a substantial number of weddings in an active community, however, the presence of numerous professionals indicate a competitive environment. Success in the market is going to depend on differentiating. Would you like to proceed? What it tells you, this is a recommendation and if it's not, it'll say.

It's not recommended, but it says this is a strong market demand perfect. There's a valid market there. Okay. Would you like to proceed say? Yes Now it's gonna go through next step. Okay. Awesome. Once you visualize how this would play out So what would your ideal day in life look like? Okay, I Don't want to work weekends So I would imagine working Monday through Friday Maybe shooting one wedding week

I would also like to make around 150,000 a year, okay? I programmed this to like really help dial in, it doesn't matter what you write right here, if it deviates quite a bit, it's gonna bring your expectations back in alignment. So it's gonna say thanks for being clear, and it's gonna kind of tell you where you might have conflicts, okay? So typical wedding days, the mass majority of weddings happen on weekends, especially on Saturday. So right off the bat, your desired not work weekends prevents significant conflict.

Okay possible exceptions some weekday weddings do happen especially elopements courthouse weddings or small weekday events so just like we talked about this is going to help you to identify potential areas but they'll make up a small portion of your market you'd be targeting a niche within a niche business model income your goal to hit 150k you need to charge roughly three thousand dollars per wedding assuming 50 weddings per year and minimal time off this is very doable in austin if you're booking full-size weddings on weekends but for weekday weddings which tend to be shorter lower budget you'd likely need more volume or higher pricing to make up the difference

which could be a challenge. Okay. So sales and marketing niche positioning, you need to brand yourself as a specialist in weekday elopements. Okay. And actively educate and attract that market segment. So it even gives you content strategies, ideas, whether there's a fit, there is a misalignment here. Most wedding photographers build their schedules around weekend work because that's where the demand is. Your vision is doable, but this is what it require. So it says, do you want to go deeper? Yes. And I, I love the idea of focusing on.

Weekday elopements and courthouse weddings. I think I'll specialize in that as a luxury photographer. Okay, so now we start getting clarity. Now we're working within the niche of wedding photography, but now we've sub-niched to elopement and courthouse weddings. Will I enjoy offering this service repeatedly? Yes. Okay, can I genuinely love clients?

Yes, I love weddings, I love clients, I love couples. Does it allow what you value and appreciate? Yes. I love storytelling. Talk to the AI just like you're talking to me or to anybody else, okay? Will you find meaning in serving them long-term? Yes. Can this business model realistically? Yes. Okay, now it's gonna say, okay, great. It's gonna give you an overall.

valuation, you've chosen a niche that's specific, differentiated, aligned with your lifestyle, capable of generating, now your next steps are all about branding and positioning. So it's going to ask if you want additional help, but that's kind of where the guide stops and now you're just using the GPT. So this will be a great way to help you to kind of figure out and finalize, um, whatever it is that you might be thinking of doing, uh, and to kind of play around and bounce ideas off of, off of the AI. I've told the AI, by the way, like, don't go easy on you. So like, if you, if you say something like, like.

Like, no, I don't wanna do this. And it'll say like, yeah, I don't think this is a good fit. Like, it'll tell you and be straightforward with you. Once you have this, this is where I want you to go to step four where you're gonna finalize your niche. So go ahead and document it. And I have it basically placed into your brand and strategy document. So the place where I want you to actually document, I apologize, I sort of switched out this slide. It's actually this one. So you're just gonna go to your brand and strategy workbook. Okay. And then right here under.

Photographic niche focus is step one. And just a quick reminder, the course itself guides you through the workbook, not the other way around. If you try to use the workbook and be like, I go step one, step two, step two, step three, this is not the way this is designed, right? So the course itself takes you to the relevant places in the workbook. And the way it does it, it says select your niche, so go to the brand and strategy workbook, that's what BNSW stands for. The tab is 01 My Business, so this is the My Business tab right here. And then.

go ahead and fill out your photographic niche, select your niche right here, okay? So once you have that, go ahead and dial that in and you are done with this lesson. With your niche selected, it is now time to research your market environment. So again, kind of a little reminder, I'm doing this just to keep your chin up, keep your chin up, we're doing important work here, okay? There's this saying in racing, I used to race for fun and I got to a point where I was okay enough to actually instruct friends, so I would bring friends out.

and teach them how to race on the track. And one of the concepts you learn early on is this idea of slow is fast, or the saying is slow is smooth, smooth is fast. The whole idea is racing around a track at full speed, it might look fast, but in actuality, like your times are really slow with the more the car is out of control. And it's the same way in your business, right? It can look like you are grinding and you're going so fast and you're going 90 miles an hour, putting 60 hours a week into this thing, but in reality,

we're not making significant progress. We're actually, it looks fast, but we're going very slow. So we're gonna slow down again and do a bit of market research so that way we can fast track implementation. What this looks like is when we get to the implementing side everything starts to go real smooth. And we're like, man, I'm just cruising through this. This is a breeze. Okay, the other thing I'm gonna say too is if you're at this point and you're still not yet certain about your niche this market research can actually help.

you to understand better whether this is a good fit for you. Okay. So I would say, even if you still are not locked in on your niche at this point, I'm going to have you continue by the end of this step, though, I do want you locked in. Okay. What I want you to avoid is there's a mindset pitfall that I want you to be very careful of. And it's the pitfall of comparison. Um, I'm not going to get super deep into this. I think we've all heard the quotes on, you know, comparison is the thief of joy and all that. We know this. Um, but there's a challenge here because I.

I need you to understand your competitive environment. I need you to understand your market and find inspiration and information from that. But at the same time, I don't want you to fall into this trap of comparison. And what that means is, as you go about this, you're going to, it's just, the human condition is to compare ourselves to others. And I know you're gonna do it not only with people in your industry and in your space, like in your market, but you're probably also gonna think about it with people that are in this program, with your peers, right? And you might.

at their websites you might look at you know where they're at their branding is more established their images might be better I want you to pull yourself out of that comparison I want you to look and say yes they are further ahead in this space than I am but that just means that I need to improve this one aspect and I will do that but I don't want you to beat yourself up because you're not there yet everybody's at a different space in this journey and a different place along it okay but your best tool for all of this is going to be market research

Research, we're gonna analyze your business environment. So that way you can kind of identify your direct competitors. You can see like who you're working with, where are their price points. You can understand, well, what are my strengths and where are my potential weaknesses? And you can also gain ideas for website branding and design, okay? All of this is gonna come from this research process. And then after this, we'll go into, okay, now let's start figuring out what is our voice? What is our messaging? But I want you to see what other people are doing.

In this process, as you're making these comparisons, you will very likely notice that you find a few direct competitors and then you're like, oh, they're doing exactly what I want to do or they're not even coming close to what I want to do. Like there's so many things. Either way, it's great. It's going to play into what we're doing. If they're doing exactly the thing that you wanted to do, well, they've proven that it's successful, but it's also kind of an idea of, okay, maybe I should shift a little bit of direction here in terms of my voicing, my approach so I can stand out and vice versa.

not doing the things that you're thinking about, then it's like, man, there's a fantastic opportunity here to stand out in and of itself, okay? But let's first talk about what is this idea of a direct competitor? So basically, same need, same location, similar style, this is a direct competitor. Anything else, like if we're looking at the same need, a different location, and a different style, that's an indirect competitor, or let's start with like a non-competitor, okay? This is a non-competitor. You're looking on the left at a wedding photograph.

and on the right at a fitness portrait. The jacked to the nines guy that's looking for these types of images cares nothing about wedding portraits and neither does this couple care about an image like this, okay? They're simply not competitors. You're both, if you see other people in this, like back in the day we thought, oh, photographers are all competing with each other. No, if you're doing this, you're not competing with photographers doing this. That simple, we understand that, okay? I want you to also recognize at this moment that without your need.

by the way, the task of actually focusing and doing market research is impossible because we have to research everything. There's no way we can actually dial in. And then now we have the game plan itself. So okay, without the niche, we don't know what it is that we're actually researching to begin with and what we're trying to do, whether you are already experienced in business or not. I don't care if you're new at this. I don't care if you've been doing it for 10 years. This market research stuff.

is critical and what I found is that most people don't do it, so that's why it's built in here. Even if you're experienced, I want you to do it because for those of you, no matter what side you're coming from, experienced or new to this, we're going to define basically what I call, I don't think this is my word, but it's your competitive battlefield. It's how we're going to play this game to our strengths, to basically stand out from everybody else. So even if you're experienced, I want you to understand what everyone else is doing so you can further differentiate yourself.

and play a game that nobody's playing, okay? All right, let's get back to this. So what is a direct competitor? We know that these are not competitors at all. Well, what about these? This is what I would call an indirect competitor. Remember the idea, same need, right? Same need, same location. This might be, even if they are the same location, they can still be an indirect competitor. But here we have a very different style, right? So let's say that we're two wedding photographers and we're in the same area. I'd still say we're indirect competitors because the clients.

for this which is really more like adventure photography this is like bold you know this is dramatic adventure like like like destination wedding that client is very different from this this is like soft romantic bright and airy that means that the bride the couple that's looking for this type of image they're not gonna be happy with these types of photographs and vice versa that makes them two different audiences so what I want you to recognize is that you might be wedding photographers

thinking, we're like, okay, this is a competitor, but it's not, they're indirect competitors because they're actually serving a different audience, okay? Same by the way if we applied this to boudoir, same by the way if we applied this to family portraits. If the styles are dramatically different, we're looking at indirect competitors. But then we have direct competitors. So again, this is a wedding analogy, but apply it to your area, right? This, as trained photographers, we might look at this and go.

So those are really different, Pi. Like those are, I can see like this is more warm, more colorful, this one is more like, I don't know, Fuji-esque, has more green tones. These are totally different. What I'm saying is, from the client's perspective, they don't have that ability to distinguish these types of nuances. These serve the exact same need. They serve the exact same function. They see this as a similar style. That's where we have to recognize like, okay, they can't see those nuances.

And so these would be direct competitors. So if you're looking at another brand portrait photographer, you're doing brand portraits, they're doing brand portraits, and you can see these subtle nuances, I'd say like, look, they're a direct competitor, okay? And that's not a bad thing, by the way. But understand that your clients, they can only distinguish massive differences. Like one is completely dramatic, flash lit, and one is natural light and airy. They can see that, but they're not gonna see differences in this level of nuance. But this is what we're really looking for. What we're really.

looking for are direct competitors that offer, they serve the same need. They're in a similar location and they have a similar style, not the same style, but a similar style. That's a direct competitor. Those are going to be the best places to go for inspiration because they're literally trying to communicate to the exact audience that we're trying to communicate with, right? These local direct competitors. This is the research that allows you to quickly gain website kind of.

ideas on terms of design, in terms of branding, inspiration, what images they use, how do they speak. It allows you to quickly understand kind of local pricing strategies, at least knowing where do they start, where do their collections typically end up. Most everybody's putting at least that information on their site. Oftentimes you'll find full pricing information on there, which is what I don't want you to do. You can gauge your quality of work and service by looking at what they're doing. You can find your strengths, and the short idea for this is, anywhere where they're weak.

that's a strength for you, right? If you notice where they're weak, that's your strength. If you find their strengths, that's likely your weakness. So if you're identifying like, oh man, these are good on that side, then most likely what you're identifying is this is an area of myself that I could improve, okay? This is also a space where you could potentially identify collaborative partnerships. And this is more for the future, but since we're here kind of doing the research, it's an option that we can like add onto the process, okay? So let's get into doing.

this work here. Side note, make sure that you guys download the workbooks. The workbooks are always gonna be attached to the step that you're in. So let's get into this workbook and do the direct competitor worksheet, okay? So the first step is using an online search. You can perform a search for your niche and your location just to get an idea of who's in this space. And I'm gonna give you kind of a couple ways of doing this. This is the first one. So just an online search is the first one. The next step, and we'll do this together by the way, the next step is.

up to five direct competitors in your area, and I want you to only add them to your list if they serve the same need, if they offer a similar style, and if they match or exceed your quality. And look, if you find that they don't match or exceed your quality, like you haven't found a single one, add them to your list anyway. Take the best ones and add them, okay? Even if they're not quite up to par. Sometimes people are like, I didn't find anyone that does exactly what I do and can match my quality. Okay, that's a competitive advantage for you, but let's still complete the exercise, all right?

And then what we're gonna do is actually rate your direct competitors. So from one to five, one being the lowest and five being the highest, I want you to rate them in each of the categories. So their brand identity, their website user experience, voice and humanity, and by the way, let me show you how to do this. So let's go and just do the online research. And you could, if you wanted to, use AI for this step. I was actually confusing one of the other steps. This step I mostly have as a manual process, which is because sometimes AI doesn't give you.

the latest kind of information results. So sometimes the information is a little bit delayed. Okay, so what I'm gonna do is just go to Google and let's just do a basic search and we could just use the regular search bar, but it might be high for you guys. Okay, so let's type in Boudoir Photography, Salt Lake City, okay? Now, from here, we're gonna get a giant list and what we wanna do is basically start clicking through. We get suggested options, which I think there's.

sponsored results, and then there's standard results. It looks like here there's no sponsored results actually. So let's just click through some of these. Okay. And we're gonna start looking at brands and kind of going, okay, does this, like, is this a direct competitor? Is their style pretty similar? Like, are they going for what I'm going for? Is my style kind of like this dark, dramatic look? And you'll find that some of them have that look, some of them don't. Some are like more light, they're more airy.

Maybe they focus on on different aspects. This looks like Let's see. Salt Lake's number one is confident sexy empowering Okay, when you feel like you found someone that's a competitor then I want you to add them to the list And what are we gonna do? We're gonna go back to the brand and strategy workbook Okay Now this guide tells you we're working in brand strategy workbook tab 3 under environment and direct competitors This is one of the places where I've added quite a bit to this this tab So if you are using like an older workbook you want to

copy this in, what you can always do is go to the bottom and this is the template document, by the way. You guys are always linked to the template document and I won't share access to this. So you guys save this template document as I've instructed in the intro module. So when we make updates to it, you can go to back to the template, click at the bottom and you go copy to and then an existing spreadsheet. And this will allow you to copy this page to an existing spreadsheet and then you can like update the information in yours, okay? Select your workbook from there. Okay, so from here.

I feel like I found a competitor. I'm going to put in their name. I'm going to put in the website, the social handle. I'm going to put in a starting price and I'm going to start giving ratings for each of these areas. Any low scores are potential weaknesses that you can like capitalize on. The last thing I want you to do is tell me what their target audience appears to be. So who they're communicating to. So let's go back to this for just a second on this rating. When it comes to brand identity, what I'm talking about is like their logos, their color, the spacing on the website, the typography. Does it feel tight and refined?

or does it feel loose like a commodity that's just kind of messy and all over the place? So I want you to give a rating on that, five being the highest, okay? Then it's website and user experience. How easy is it to navigate? You know, how easy is it to find the things that you're looking for to reach out to them, to contact them, okay? Then it's, well, is their voice and humanity in the website? Like, do they connect with their audience on a meaningful level or do they speak to their audience like on some generic level? Well, here at our studio, we pride ourselves on.

this, or do you actually get to meet the people there? Do they actually talk to you like a human? Then I want you to rate the quality of their imagery and consistency of their style. Okay. This is, this is kind of like one of the big criteria of like, if they're even on a level playing field, if there's huge discrepancies between the quality of their work and yours, they're again, not competing with you. But if that's the best you got, then, then still let's keep them in there. Um, at least so you have an understanding of like what you're, you're kind of.

the environment you're working in. Then SEO content strategy. Do they appear to be having an SEO strategy along with useful valuable content? So like if you're kind of looking at these and like you notice, like look, they've got what to expect, the experience, studio galleries, they've got portfolio, they've got a blog, okay. Utah's premier boudoir studio. It looks like they are considering, like everyone wonder what happens behind it at Utah's top boudoir studio. So it looks like they are writing with SEO in consideration, right? If you look at their.

blog, let's see essential tips. Yeah. There's tips for preparing for a memorable shoot together. Now here's where you also start noticing like, okay, they have very much like a more, um, like they, they showcase images. Like there's couples Boudoir in here, which is kind of a next level thing. They have like BDSM type stuff. You start noticing that they're going deeper. Maybe I want to offer something that's a little bit different. It's not so, so like, like maybe it's a little bit more, uh, I don't know what the right word would be. Um, a little lighter, a little softer.

but you start noticing differences there. So we rate them from an SEO standpoint. Are they doing these things? Yes, they are, okay. What is the quality of their experience? So let's put it all together. How would you rate the overall quality of the website and the experience? For the first few, like that first one was actually pretty strong, right? Like this was really good, like an easy to use. I'd say the menu might be a little bit busy, but it looks like clear call to action. It's pretty decent overall. But look, once we get to like number three, then I'm like, okay, this is, this is.

of busy right now it's like okay I'm not a huge fan of the logo this image that's like the video that's over the images now we start to get to like messy and we're only three clicks in by the way so what's funny is you start to recognize that if I differentiate myself if I niche down if I build a brand experience if I build my humanity into this then you start really separating yourself from the pack because already we've identified that we're only three clicks in on on the top people in google

and already we can start seeing a lot of opportunity there where once we've done these things, now we've narrowed our competition from hundreds of people down to maybe a few who can actually do this at our level. We start becoming a business of one as opposed to a business of many. The last thing I want you to do is after looking at their branding, their imagery and their copy, I want you to try to describe their target audience. Who are they trying to speak to? And I want you to use your own words in this process and you're just gonna fill it in here. It doesn't need to be long, but just.

thing to give you an idea because what you're going to start noticing is patterns. So we're going to start seeing holes. The holes or weaknesses are places where we can compete. Those are the low scores here. The patterns are like, well, who are they targeting? Like are they all speaking to the same person? It's going to give us an idea of, well, how are they speaking to that person? Like what are they saying? And we're going to start noticing things that we can bring into our copy, into our experience and not steal. We don't want to like take what they're doing and plagiarize. What we want to do is make it our own. We want to take what they're doing and say, I like what they say.

here but this is the way that I would say that or what I would say here is totally different but I do like where they put that thing and I'm going to do something similar on my side. So we take those experiences we build ourselves into it and then we end up with something totally different. But let's go through the process of actually doing this research so we have all these ideas and we have everything that we need to basically execute quickly when we get to that space. Okay let's jump on to the next lesson. Okay I have a couple optional steps here. One is identity.

identifying aspirational competitors. So if you look at the brand and strategy workbook, the next section is aspirational competitors. These can be basically people worldwide. It's anybody. And the idea here is that you kind of list out some of the people in your genre, in your space, that are just doing work that's above and beyond. Like these are brands, these are people that kind of we're aspiring to, right? They're not necessarily direct competitors. They're brands that I would say like set the.

bar for the experience that we'd like to deliver. Again, most aspirational brands, they've been doing this for a decade plus, okay? Please do not fall into the comparison thing. This is more like so-and-so is doing work at a level, like they're communicating the level that I want to aspire to, or I want to beat, I want to surpass that, that's fine. But I don't have the expectation that I should be able to do that now because they're far more established than I am, or they've dialed a few things in that I haven't yet. But that's.

That's the idea behind what we're looking at here. So this is optional. If you're going through the research process or if you already have people in mind that are like, man, one day, this is where I'd like to be, I want you to have a space for that just so you can keep them there to ideate, right? Again, you get a lot of ideas, even though they might be marketing to kind of a different space, a different audience, they can still give ideas in terms of design, in terms of like overall aesthetics and the way that they're communicating, how they're marketing. They're still a great place for.

All right, so for this, I'm usually doing like an AI or online search, you can go either way, but I would say, if I'm using AI, I'd say, show me like the best family photographers in the world or who are the five best pet photographers in the world. I generally lean more to AI for questions like this because they're generally not as time relevant, right? Like typically people that are the best in a space, they've been doing it for a good period of time. Whereas like, if I need instant results.

It's like AI can have that lag on like when it's pulling information in right if I need something relating to what's happening right now Then I might not use like an AI search for that But in this case, I think it's it's one of the easiest ways to find good information there If you don't already have these people in mind is to go to AI Type in you know, who are the five best pet photographers in the world and and see what it gives you What you're gonna do is select up to five aspirational competitors I want you to only add them to your list if they're serving the same need it doesn't really help you I mean if you want to you can

but if you're like, man, I aspire to be like, who's Joe McNally, okay, and you're like, you're a wedding photographer, or you're a boudoir photographer, and you're like, I wanna be like Joe McNally. Okay, that doesn't really make sense though, because Joe McNally does not do boudoir, he does not do, he does kind of like commercial portraits, editorial portraits, he kind of works mostly in that space, and he does a lot of education. So you're not gonna see a lot of great inspiration there, a lot of great.

things that are gonna apply directly to you because you might respect them, you might admire them, but they're doing something totally different. So if they're not serving the same need and niche, then leave this off. They offer an elevated experience, okay? If they don't, then again, is it really aspirational? They fit your style and they should obviously exceed your quality. That's the whole idea of someone that's aspirational, that they're above in all these different places. Excuse me. If they don't kind of meet all that criteria, I...

I'd probably say pick someone else to aspire to, okay? Then what you're gonna do is briefly describe kind of what you like about their brand or what are the things that you find particularly aspirational. And again, this is just to help you with a little bit more like ideation. If we can find a few of these brands, like let's say if you're in the wedding photography space, and that's the space that I'm probably most familiar with in terms of names. Let's say you go, well, I would love, I aspire to be like Jose.

right? He's a very common person that a lot of people aspire. He's kind of the probably the most well-known a wedding photographer and you go to his website and and maybe you identify that like from looking at Jose's work you're like okay well hmm like where do I go on the website and stuff I'm not really sure and like you kind of click around you're like okay I don't really know where to contact okay about like do I go galleries or go weddings okay and you start realizing like all right

What I really aspire to in terms of Jose is I love the name that he's built for himself and I love the imagery that he creates, but the experience is not necessarily something that I would wanna create for myself, right? Because it's not an easy to use client experience, essentially. That's the idea here, is that you're gonna place down what it is that you aspire to. And the thought is that we keep those things in mind as you continue growing and developing and have a bit of inspiration there to look at. Again, this is an optional step, so you don't.

have to do this, but if you'd like to, let's go ahead and pause and complete the aspirational competitors here. Okay, quick, quick, we have one more optional item. So this is identifying collaborative partners. This is an optional step here because what I would say is we're not really gonna use this information until you get into the marketing section. So that's step six through 11, right? But once you get there, it can actually be really helpful. So since we're looking at direct competitors and since you're in the space of trying to.

I see like who's competing locally. It's a good time to also identify collaborative partners because you'll be able to find them from those other photographer's pages that you're looking at essentially. So what this means is a vendor partner is basically anyone that offers a service that is complimentary to your service and to your client's needs. So remember that idea, it's complimentary. It's not the same, it's complimentary, right? So for example, if you're in the wedding space, then complimentary vendors might be people.

like planners, florists, DJs, and so forth. If you do family photography, then complimentary vendors might be people that offer boutique clothing. It might be a nice high-end daycare. It might be a kid's club, that type of thing. If you're in the boudoir space, then potentially someone that's complimentary might be makeup, hair, lingerie, and so forth. Pet groomers, you have trainers, pet supply, all that kind of stuff. Obviously, any vendor in your space has to be a luxury vendor as well, right? If you're in the pet space and you're trying to get people.

to spend two, three, $4,000 on their pet photographs, you're not going to find those people that are, they're unlikely to be people that are buying Costco puppy chow, like I do buy Costco stuff for my, but I also give our dog really good food too, like we make food for him. But what I'm saying is, you're not going to a Petsco, but rather you're going to a place that's selling boutique services, a boutique trainer, a boutique groomer. So you're choosing people that are offering a service at your level, otherwise, you know.

you're unlikely to get qualified leads from them. So those are vendor partners, right? Then there's like venue partners or, sorry, there's vendor and I think I also had venue. Do I have identifying partners? Okay, I probably should have built one more. So venue partners are more specifically to like weddings. So basically wedding and event type businesses might also find venues to be very, very helpful. Venues.

isn't as much a helpful thing outside of like wedding and event genres. But event genres are things like bar mitzvahs, you know, quinceaeras, all that. Those are very helpful too on the venue side. So either way, these relationships are mutually beneficial in a number of ways, right? Because the collaborative process, what we end up being able to do is we can end up basically collaborating and tagging each other on social media. We can end up putting together campaigns that we can launch in each other's newsletters. We can do co-branded arrangements. We can do.

to partnerships, to refer business to each other. There's a lot of really great opportunities there when it comes to it, and we'll speak more on that later. For right now, I kinda just want you to get ideas and help, and just identify them for right now. We'll worry about what to do with them at a later point in time. What I also want you to focus on here are immediate relationships you can create, not necessarily aspirational ones. So an example of that might be like, look, if you are an up-and-coming pet photographer, right, and there's a, let's say you.

You wanna, you're like, man, it'd be so great to work with this, you know, puppy child brand and they're the biggest brand in the entire industry. They're a multimillion dollar company. This is an aspirational relationship. If you're just starting out, like it's probably unlikely that if you send them anything, if you try to collaborate, they're gonna listen. Once you're established like they are, then they would listen, right? So what I want you to focus on here is identify people that would be a potential immediate relationship. Similarly in the wedding space, if you were like, like I wanna go work with Mindy Weiss, who's like the world's biggest wedding.

planner, she's gonna get thousands of emails from random photographers and she's gonna ignore all of them, so that's unlikely to be anything that's gonna, it's an aspirational relationship for like way down the road. So what I want you to focus on here are identifying businesses that are around the same level as you. Like they're maybe a little bit further ahead, but they're people that you could potentially create an immediate relationship with. You notice that maybe you have a couple thousand people following you on Instagram, maybe they have 10,000, maybe it's a little bit more, but they're not.

not the person that has a million subscribers and you're like, oh, I just wanna work with you because they're getting inundated with those and they're unlikely to respond. So the focus here is immediate relationships. To give you ideas here as you're searching, what we're looking for, collaborative networking, it only works when you're selecting a partner, a potential partner that's within your photographic niche. So it has to be someone that would serve a complimentary, something that basically serves your clients in a complimentary way, right? They work with or.

eventually will work with your ideal clients. They have a similar or slightly larger online presence, similarly developed in their business. They can add value to a shoot or to a collaboration. If they're unwilling to like do something, then that's not helpful. They're gonna cover, like if we're talking about a styled shoot or something that we're gonna do together, they're willing to cover their individual expenses. And we basically bring in like models, if we're looking to bring on models, like someone that's, oh, I wanna work with, let's say you do brand portraits and there's an influencer you wanna work with

You think that if you do their brand portents, they'll they'll they'll speak of you and they'll well We want to make sure that if we're using that person as a model that they actually look like our potential clients Okay, so we need to make sure that they check off this list and what I've done here in this worksheet Is I just want to give you ideas to help you think about what? Some of these mutually beneficial partnerships might look like within your niche in space. So This is easy in the wedding side. It's just planners florist, you know bridal boutiques It's a little more difficult outside of that side, right?

So for boudoir or brand portraiture, then you have people like makeup and hair artists, hair salons, that kind of stuff, also works for weddings. Hotels, resorts, events, and weddings, honestly, these are for event and wedding photographers primarily. Some family photographers could potentially create relationships there, but there's not that much there. Personal trainers, gym owners, and coaches, this is great for boudoir, for brand portraits, for headshot photographers, those are great spaces. Pet groomers, trainers, qualified breeders, vets, great for anyone in the puppy spaces, animal spaces. Midwives, OB-GYNs,

hospitals and birth centers, fantastic for newborn and maternity. Real estate agents, interior designers, lawyers, awesome for family headshots, brand photographers, or family headshot and brand photographers. And then we have like local bloggers, creators and event organizers. This is really any genre, as long as their audience would potentially align with yours, they could potentially work there too. So for potential venues, using a search engine, the easiest way to find these is just looking in wedding venues in Los Angeles, corporate event venues.

in New York City, you just search basically and add them. You can also use an AI tool I'm gonna give you. I think, I don't wanna show you each one of these. I think it'll get redundant to just show you how to copy paste this, but it's pretty simple. You're gonna replace the niche, the location, and a brief description of maybe what your clients are, who they are and what they're looking for. And just say, looking for relationships, local venues that also serve these clients, okay? These venues can consist of this. I'm gonna ask for a bit of research from that and then look to pick good partners.

I want you to select maybe up to 10 potential venue partners and then potential vendors, okay? So while you use the search engine, I'm gonna show you my favorite ways. So my favorite ways is, there's two of my favorite ways. One is as you are identifying a direct competitor, right? So let's say you identify Linen Jersey Photography as a direct competitor, just because it's easy to go through our stuff and I can show you whatever I want here. So a really easy way to identify potential partners, venues, the people that you wanna work with

literally to look at what we're posting. So you look at a wedding, and look at everybody that we've tagged. So there's all the vendors, there's the couple, the planner, the photo, video, makeup, hair, venue, Anaheim Marriott, all of that. You have a complete list. So the way that we also use social media is that we tag and we credit everybody, and that's generally what photographers should be doing, right? So the easiest way to find potential vendors, venues, is once you've identified a direct competitor, someone that's in your area that's serving the same need, then you simply look at the people that they're working with and you're like, okay.

Let me see if, let's look at the venue, Anaheim Area. Okay, they have 18.3 thousand people. Maybe I'll reach out to them, maybe I have an idea for a shoot that I'm gonna bring up to them. I'll teach you what to say to each of these later, but let's just take a look. Makeup and hair, Beauty by NG. Okay, they have a bit of followers, so I probably need to have a little bit of a following before I reach out, but again, great ideas here. So this is my favorite way to find these, and there's also another benefit too, is because they're serving.

a similar need and niche, right? They're offering a complimentary service, but they're serving the same type of clients. Oftentimes you'll also see some good marketing and brand inspiration from their websites as well. But that's my favorite way to look. There's also another way. So with your favorite tool, I'm gonna give you another, an AI prompt. So I'm a niche photographer looking to serve people in this area. I'm looking to create a relationship with vendors who offer complimentary services. Give me 10 or so ideas. What I would also say here is say something like.

like, you know, give it also, this is where I am in my business. Help me find people that align with that, okay? Because we don't wanna end up with people that are super established on that side. And maybe I'll make an update to this prompt when I pop this into the slide deck, or when I pop it into the downloads. Okay, you're gonna select up to 10 potential vendor partners. Again, this is an optional step here. We will come back to this later, but let's go back to that brand and strategy workbook, right? So here's the possible collaborative venue partner.

If like, don't try to force this. If you're not in the space of wedding and events and you can't think of anything here, I'd say, don't worry about this. What I'd rather you kind of focus on is, are there potential vendor partners in your area that might be a good fit? So I give you some instructions and ideas here. I also gave you that prompt there, but you're gonna put in the business, the website, their social handle and what type of vendor they are. And then later, when we come back to the idea of like different marketing efforts, that's when we'll pull this back up and we'll say, okay, remember that list that we.

or the list that we created like early on, this is a good time to pull that back up. In the meantime, I like doing the research here because it's already kind of, you're kind of already on your way to this destination. So it's like adding a stop, getting to, you know, while you're driving somewhere else. But that stop might also help give you some ideas while we're going along and creating our brand and doing that. So optional, but it's something that I do like doing. So this is a great time, go ahead and pause. If you have any questions, feel free.

to hop into the mentorship group and post there, but let's go ahead and complete the Brand and Strategy Workbook tab three, your possible partner sections for vendor and venue. All right, let's jump to the next lesson. Friends, it is time for your SWOT analysis. This is kind of the first step of piecing it all together, but what we're gonna do now is, this is the time, this is the place where you're gonna start to choose what is the battlefield we're gonna be playing on. So we're gonna be playing on your strengths. These are the internal things that you do well. Weaknesses, those are kind of like, well, we wanna.

No, like what are the areas that we don't do as well because I'm not gonna put those things forward. Like if that's my, if these are a particular type of image, if it's a, you know, whatever it might be, I wanna focus on the strengths and I wanna limit the weaknesses. I wanna also look to identify opportunities. These are external opportunities around. So like these are potential weaknesses in other businesses as well as threats. These are external things going on in the market. I'm gonna give you ideas of all of this. This part like sounds like a lot of theory.

and what i want to do is give you a story and give you an idea of what it means so we can make this concrete okay so when we get to a SWOT analysis i remember thinking this in school when i first learned this concept i was like this sounds nice and everything but but really what does this mean so what i want to share is the story of david and goliath okay we all know that the traditional story of david and goliath um the idea the way that that that story is used is that david was the person that was small

He was fighting a gargantuan of a human, and it was hand-to-hand combat. David was never supposed to win this fight, and the underdog, the underdog with God's support, came out on top, okay? That's the story, the moral that we kind of see is like, you gotta be like David who goes after Goliath, the big guy, the guy that shouldn't lose, and we're gonna take him down. But what I love was Malcolm Gladwell did this.

beautiful reframing and he told the David Goliath story did research into this and he did his own interpretation of the story based on research so basically he was going into it and he goes look uh an accomplished sling thrower right the force of a sling is equivalent to a 45 millimeter handgun he also did research and realized that that modern day slingers can actually kill birds they're so accurate they can kill birds from flight let alone

professional slingers back then who were probably far greater in their skill because it was actually required back then. Um, the rock plus David skill and expert slinger basically meant that he had something that could basically shoot a rock out at 35 mill meters per second. So that's a very powerful, basically handgun, a very accurate one as well. Also from all the accounts of, of a Goliath, he realized that Goliath very likely had giantism. This is acromegaly.

This is how we diagnose it today right acromegaly which comes with a lot of issues like like like bone issues arthritis on top of that generally makes someone nearsighted and he draws back to kind of the story when when When Goliath says come to me we we read that we think of that to a taunt right like like like come fight hand-to-hand come to me be a man type taunt and Malcolm Gladwell's like what if in reality he's saying come to me like literally because I can't see this person like come fight on my terms

because I can't see, I'm nearsighted. The whole concept is when you look at Malcolm Gladwell's reframing of the story, who was the actual underdog in the fight? The actual underdog in this entire story was actually Goliath. I mean, if I said to you, I'm gonna give David a handgun and Goliath's gonna start from 100 feet away, who's gonna win the fight? You'd go, oh, David's gonna win the fight, he's got a gun. Well, that is literally what he had.

and when we reframe the story we're like okay David actually should have won Goliath was the underdog in this story that's not the way that we understand it but what is beautiful in illustrating is the idea of battlefields David chose his battlefield he chose to fight on the battlefield where he was most comfortable where he had the greatest advantage possible where he literally had a handgun and the other guy had a spear and he couldn't see had David fought Goliath's battle had he fought on that close

and a hand field, he most certainly would have lost and in a dramatic fashion. It's no different than in business, right? If you're just starting out, so let's say you're just starting out, you have a small team, maybe it's just you, your network is small, again, your business is new, and you're comparing yourself to a Lina Girsa, and I'm not saying this to like boast, I'm just saying you're comparing this to any studio that has 15 plus years in business, that has a large team, that has a large.

network were established, it looks daunting. You're like, man, how am I ever gonna compete? But from the other side, I'm like, oh my gosh, there are so many ways you can compete and do things better than us, right out the gate. And all this is to say, I don't want you to fight fair. I want you, I mean, I want you to fight morally and ethically, like I don't want you to break laws, but I don't want you to fight fair. I want you to change the playing field to suit your strengths and.

to avoid your weaknesses. If this is Dave and Goliath, the weakness is I'm not gonna do hand-to-hand combat. I'm gonna stay at a distance, right? So what does this mean from a, this is the theory of this, but what does this mean in practicality, right? Well, the strengths of a new or smaller studio. These are a few of the common ones that I feel like just are very powerful and make it easy to stand out. Number one, you can create a very personalized brand experience. See, with Lina Gersa, even if I wanted to.

do this, which I have at various times, I can't create that because we run an associate brand. So I can't really get hyper personalized with our experience because I'm not the one shooting. And also my partners aren't really the one shooting our associates are. And if I get hyper personalized with the associates, then what happens if the associates actually leave? If I build all this brand around, you know, five, six different associates that are killing it, what happens when there's turnover? So I don't have that ability. Like we don't have that ability to play on that, on that.

You can also offer a better level of client service because you can give one-on-one attention to people. You're not dealing with hundreds of clients. You don't have a client service person where we have to, the photographers don't interface with our clients because there's too many. So we have a client servicing team, right? You can give one-on-one attention. You can do faster service and delivery times. We are getting pretty good at this, but our delivery time is getting solid. But in general, moving our ship requires a lot of time because it's a big ship to steer.

Blogging and social media consistency. Do you know how difficult it is for us to get consistent things posted without putting it into the hands of the partner? It's so challenging on that side. Direct relationship with the venues and vendors. Again, because we're not the one shooting, it's difficult to actually create direct relationships with all these vendors and venues. It's a challenging thing. You can create quick teasers and turnarounds for your partners, you can offer at a more affordable price point, and honestly, this is the last thing I would compete with. All these other things are such fantastic.

strengths that you can bring forward in your business. And by the way, in a world where everything is moving towards AI, in a world where everything is unpersonalized, where everything is automated, everything is do it on, you know, with this tool, with a robot, isn't a personalized brand experience, a human level of client service, one-to-one gonna stand out more and more? Absolutely. This is the thing that literally will not be replaced. We're always gonna want to connect with another human. These are such.

easy ways to stand out in your business. And then as weaknesses, well, newer, smaller studios, these are a few of the common weaknesses that I notice in studios that, man, if they just address these things, it would be game over, right? But number one, I often notice that a newer studio, smaller ones, they generally, the quality of imagery could be improved. But that's kind of, that goes across the board. But often I notice they're trying to do too much. This is why I'm having you niche down. You're not gonna make this mistake. So every one of the things that you address here.

You immediately start reducing the people on your competitive battleground, like your battlefield, right? We start with, okay, I'm a photographer, now I'm competing with 100,000 people. Now I'm a wedding photographer, I'm competing with 10,000 people. Now I'm a wedding photographer based out of Orange County, I'm competing with 200 people. Each step that we narrow down, we compete with less and less until there's only a few. So look, once we've gotten great quality of imagery, we move from 10,000 competitors to.

to maybe 1,000. Once we niche down, we move from 1,000, and these are just ideas, okay? We move from 1,000 to 100. Once we, so the attention is two divided, we know who we're talking to, we're communicating, that's the same idea of niching down, right? We know our target audience, we're speaking to them on a very personal level. Now we go from 100 to there's only 50 people doing that. Now our website design is clear, it's beautiful, it resonates, our messaging is dialed in. Now we go from 50 down to 20. Now we address our slow response time, we get back to people.

quickly we go from 20 we did this test recently where we tried to see like the people in our space that are at our level we Chris called 10 other studios and and basically pretended to be a client just so we can get information on like are people actually people who run established businesses are they following good sales practices out of I think it was 10 maybe 20 I can't remember the exact number but nobody called him back we have a five minute rule that you're going to learn about when we get to sales nobody called Chris back within five minutes

Nobody called him back within 24 hours, which is like a nightmare. Very few people sent a thank you email to him. Like after he inquired only two or three, it was like 20% or 30% got back to him within a week and it was via email. Not a single person called. This is crazy. So like you're competing with 20, as soon as you address your sales process. Now it's like, okay, now you've got two that's in your competitive field. Then you start personalizing your brand, your communication. Now you're.

are the only one. You are now a business of one. You start doing other things like bonuses, quick teasers, turn off a partner. These are all ways to just differentiate. And as you cross off each one of these, you start noticing less and less people are on this battlefield competing with you. You become that business of one. Okay, what are potential opportunities? So these are areas where I would say most photographers are weak, and so therefore there is opportunities there. So actually supporting vendors and venues with images.

you'd be blown away. This is especially important on the wedding and event side. There are so many photographers who do not reach out to try to support the vendors and venues. This is such an easy way to stand out. Supporting your local vendors and venues, this goes for everybody. Reaching out, trying to create relationships, looking to see what you can do to help them in their business. Nobody does this. Again, an easy way to stand out. Provide clients, and by the way, I'll teach you how to do this more when we get into the marketing side. I just want you to see opportunities right now. I want you to understand the concept. Provide.

Finding clients with value added content. So this is like someone comes to you, they're planning a wedding and you're like, here's an ideal timeline, you know, just downloadable, right? So you give them like a free guide. Someone's planning, they want to do boudoir and you're like, here's five tips on how to have an amazing boudoir session or three things and you give them resources, you give them guidance. Not that many people do this. It's an easy way to stand out. Consistently blogging and tagging the people that you're working with, easy way to stand out. Posting regularly to social media with tagging and supporting the people you're working with. Again.

and an easy way to stand out. So these are awesome opportunities for everybody, places where most people tend to be kind of weak. What I would say in terms of threats, these are like industry-wide threats, are consumer and economic changes that can like threaten the industry. So there's more and more AI photography tools. There's improvement in mobile phone cameras. So this thing that's been already good enough, it's getting better and better, right? So anytime we are basically focusing on products.

over experience, we leave ourselves very vulnerable to outside threats like your phone getting better. We leave ourselves very vulnerable to AI tools replacing what you do. Because if what you do is simply create images, there's a lot of ways that people can go about that. This is why I really focus hard on helping you to understand what you're selling. You're not a photographer, you are a creative director. You are a person that's there to service a product.

problem, a challenge, a need to help them find a solution and to give them a customized beautiful experience in the process. That is difficult to replace. You're serving a client that is high end. That's not something that technology, it's not something that a phone is going to be able to take the place of. But if you are simply offering like, oh, I'm a photographer. My day rate is $500 and I'll come out and shoot content with you. That is replaceable. As soon as the next DJI drone.

comes like, don't you think right now we have like all these different, like DJI Osmo and all these little cameras that like do things. We are so close to the place where somebody invents a little wheeled robot that has a camera on it and it just follows you around and takes pictures and does whatever you want. At that point, the person that's like, Oh, I'm $500 a day and I'll come out and shoot video with you. They're all replaced. So I don't want you to be the person that just takes photos. I don't want you to be the vendor that just comes and does.

I want you to be the person that ties into their goals, into their solutions. I want you to understand what we're selling, and what we're selling goes far beyond simply photographs. But those are the threats that we have. As long as we are positioning our brand as a human brand, as long as we're connecting on a personal level, we're giving an authentic experience, we're giving a luxury experience, we're safe from these threats. We're not in a place where those things are gonna affect us, at least not dramatically. Okay.

you do now is go ahead and complete your SWOT analysis. So I've given you a little page right here. We're going to go, let me just find it on the environment page. We scroll down and here's the SWOT analysis. It's pretty simple. I don't want you to go too crazy into this. I want you to write down a few of your strengths, areas that you think you're going to stand out, a few of the areas where you feel like there might be weaknesses, a little bit of where there's business opportunity. This is where your competition is weak and potential threats. I mean, I've kind of given you those, but if you feel like, you know, there's one that you want to highlight or be aware of that.

It's totally fine. But you're gonna go and just be brutally honest as you complete this analysis. So strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, those are the areas where I want you to focus in on. I've covered kind of the broad threats, the things that are potentially happening on a consumer level. There might be some industry specific ones, like people kind of do sometimes change spending habits and whatnot, but mostly where I want you to spend your time is just in those three. Okay, go ahead and pause, complete that. And if you have any questions.

just holler in the Facebook group. It's time to put it all together. Okay, this is the place where I hope going through this process, you're kind of starting to see like, all right, I'm beginning to develop a vision for my brand. I kind of know where I wanna start going. And you start seeing that idea that I've been reiterating over and over. As we go through these steps, you niche down, perfect, less people competing. You build on your strength, perfect, less people competing.

You build through your personality and your values. Oh, nobody does that the way that I do that. All of these leads you to becoming a one of one and that's the goal. I want you to be, you might not be the only boudoir photographer in the city or in the area that you're working in, but you're the only one that offers your service at your level and with your set of values, with your personality, who you are. And the same thing goes, whether you're doing family portraits or whether you're doing puppy portraits, whether you're doing weddings, there are other people around.

you but as you keep dialing into who you're communicating to and building your personality into and elevating your experience you separate yourself from someone else to the point where it creates a beautiful thing right when you get to the sales process one of the objections one of the the ways i'm going to have you handle objections when people go but so and so is offering this they're offering the same package for almost two thousand dollars less than you let's say that they're

$8,000 and you're $10,000 right or let's say it's $5,000 and $4,000, it doesn't matter. My favorite way to handle that objection is, well do you feel like so and so is going to deliver you the same type of experience that I would? If you've done these things where your brand is distinguished, your experience is refined, from your work to the way you're communicating, you've completed the sales process with them. Most of the time.

they're gonna say, well, no, I do really like the way that you work. And then you say, yeah, I do charge a little bit more, but I know you're gonna love working with me and I'm gonna enjoy working with you as well. Like, this is gonna be an experience you'd never forget. It completely solves that objection. But if you ask that question, you're like, well, do you feel like so-and-so offers as good of an experience as me? And they're like, yeah, I mean, their website's better. Their work is just as good, if not better. Like, I like talking to them. Yeah.

Yeah, I think they're gonna, then as the salesperson, you should be like, well, you should go hire that person. I mean, that's literally what I tell you. Like, we need to be the advocate for the client in sales. Number one, that's first and foremost. So if a client tells me that, then I know that I failed in positioning my brand and setting up my experience and in doing all these things because I haven't differentiated myself. So when I ask that question, they're like, yeah, I actually think I might get something better over there. Then they should go over there, right?

That's the end result. But we don't want that. What we wanna do is follow these steps, differentiate, so that when we get to that place, someone says that to us, we can literally say, do you feel like you'd have the same experience there? And they know from everything that they've seen, the way that you're working with them, they know that there's more value in what you're doing than for them to go and save a little bit of money somewhere else. Okay, so what are the next steps? With all of these pieces in place, now we start kind of laying the foundation for building this brand.

and it's gonna resonate with your dream client. So the next steps is, I want you to identify who that dream client is. We're gonna create your client avatar. We're gonna go through and create a clarified message that is directed toward that avatar. We're gonna then create a vision statement. All of these things are gonna become a compass for basically what the business is, for what we're trying to create and where we wanna go with it. And then of course, we're gonna name the business. This is assuming that you haven't named already. If you've already named it, fantastic. But we'll talk about naming as well as we go into the next step. This is also the space.

and place where I would say, if you're still struggling with niche, I kind of want you to repeat the process here in this step until you have a focus. Because as we go forward, now you're doing the work. We're gonna start defining everything. We're gonna start laying pieces into place. We're gonna decide the vision for the brand. And all those things are really dependent on the idea of where you're niching down into. If we don't have that, then we're gonna be doing a lot of work that we potentially have to do rework on. That's it.

You're done with this step.