Next, so why you must niche down and maybe the more important aspect is how, okay? There's gonna be a large number of you that have already selected a niche and there's gonna be some of you that have not and regardless of where you might be at, I still want you to stick with this because I need you to see how everything is connected as we go down this road, okay? There's a general fear when it comes to niching and there's actually quite a few fears but probably the biggest one that I.

constantly see is if I don't offer more services, then I'm not gonna make enough money. There can be a small truth to this, but there's a large untruth here. The first part is that it's by niching that will actually allow you to make more money. So niching is gonna make you more money by far always. That's the big truth. But there is a small truth where if you built kind of a haphazard brand that's accepting people from all over, you're doing some headshots, you're doing some real estate.

you're doing some weddings, you're doing some of this, some of that, then of course as soon as you start cutting off service segments, you're going to feel like you're not going to make enough money because you no longer do that thing, right? I'm not necessarily telling you to cut anything off by the way. What I'm saying is that we need to get focused in terms of what it is that we're actually selling and I'll speak to that in a second. But that fear, that idea that you're not going to make enough money in that place, it's short term. Long term you're going to make

more money by niching, but in that short-term period, you might have that fear because right now, you're generating money from a bunch of different places. It's okay, I'm gonna tell you how to deal with that, but I want to get over this fear, okay? We're gonna do it together. So let me give you a bit of proof. You probably wouldn't even think that you could focus just on puppy portraits, but that's literally what one of our alumni, actually we have several alumni that do just this. Chris made $24,000 within a month and she.

lives in a small city, she used to live in Denver and where it was far easier because it's a larger place. Now she lives in a city of 57,000 people. She made $24,000 in a month as a puppy portrait photographer. So yes, even in dialed-in niches, even in smaller places, we can still generate a substantial amount of revenue. Then we have, like say Thomas. Thomas is out of Denver, he does boudoir and forecasting for the year, this is for 2025, if he keeps track of his booking.

rate in sales, he could pass $500,000. He's been killing it over the last year. He's been crushing it. And all he does is boudoir. So the riches are in the niches. I don't know if you've heard this saying, but it is absolutely true and accurate. The riches are in the niches. And the reason why is it is allows you to speak to a very specific type of client. It allows you to really dial in, in terms of your marketing message and the way you're communicating. But for just a moment, what we're going to do is we're going to have, we're going to play a little exercise.

now, where you assume that you've mastered every genre of photography, okay? I want to assume that despite it taking, you know, you're never going to master everything, but let's just say that you have, and even if you did master a bunch of different spaces, it would take you a decade plus to do that, but let's just say you've done this. The question is, how would you communicate that message and to who? I love using this as like an illustration because I can really help you understand how this sounds from the client's perspective. So I want you to imagine that you...

you are a client or a potential client, okay? You are a potential person looking for a photographer and maybe it is, you can think of whatever you want to be looking for in terms of photography, okay? But it's one of these genres. And this is me, you see me pop up on Instagram and I say, hey, I'm Pi, I'm the owner of Capture Awesome Photography, CAP for short, and no matter what your photography needs are, I got you covered, okay? I do headshots, I do weddings, I do newborn family, real estate, corporate events, bar and bat mitzvahs, I do pets and animals. Look, as long as you want.

awesome pictures, give me a call, 1-800-I-DO-IT-ALL today. If you saw that ad, would you hire me? That's my question. If you saw this ad, would you hire me? And I want you to be completely honest, would you hire this photographer? I think the vast majority of you would probably say no. Because even if you're looking for one of these things that I do, and let's say you wanted weddings, let's say you wanted real estate, whatever it was that you're looking for, it doesn't sound like I'm an expert in any one.

one of those things, does it? It sounds actually probably like I'm a used car salesperson who's just trying to convince you to buy something from me, even though you may not want it, even though it might not be the thing that actually meets your needs, I'm just trying to get your money. This is what it sounds like. That is the used car sales pitch. And when we try to market to everybody, that's what we're doing and that's how it sounds. And we can even take it outside of the space, okay? Let's take it completely outside of business altogether. This is a tempting.

to create a business that speaks to everyone, right? And it sounds dumb. What if we attempted to create a piece of art that speaks to everyone? Well that's literally Komar and Melamed, okay? This is the most wanted painting. This was an experiment that was done back in 1995, whatever, where basically they did a survey in polls and they asked people like, what do you think the perfect piece of artwork, perfect painting would be? And so they had a list of all these different options.

and people would choose like, oh, blue sky, clouds, it's gotta have like deer in it. It's gotta have like a family. It's gotta have a kid. Overwhelmingly, a lot of people chose George Washington. It's gotta have trees. So they literally put together the world's most wanted painting. This was the painting that satisfied everybody's needs. And you look at that and you're like, I would never buy that painting. That's great. It satisfied what everybody wanted in the photograph. And now it speaks to absolute.

none of them. The same concept could apply in music, it could apply in paintings, it could apply in in writing books, but it most certainly also applies in business, okay. And so what we run into with this idea when someone says, you know, Pi, I don't need to niche down, I'm good at a lot of things, what I need you to understand the truth bomb behind this is that it's not a skill issue. First, I also want to say like most the time when people are like, I'm good at ten different things, I usually end up seeing someone who...

is average at best at all 10 of those things. They're not exceptional at any one. But let's just say that that's covered. This is not a skill issue. Even if you had the skill, the problem is that we can't effectively market without speaking to a specific audience and with a specific need, okay? And yet, that's how we design our website, our portfolio, our online experience. We go through our images, we choose out, oh, this was a cool brand portrait that I did. This was a great dog image. This is an event that I shot, like a running event.

Here's a destination engagement. Here's a wedding. Here's some behind the scenes work that I do. There's also some wildlife and some landscape work. I can do all this stuff. This is how we tend to build out our website where we see all these images in our portfolio. And maybe you don't go this far. You don't go as far as showing all of this, but maybe you show way too much within specifically the wedding space, way too much within specifically corporate portraits because you don't know who it is that we're trying to speak to. But the majority of us are doing this with our brands.

So we kind of brought that idea about music and I love this quote from Ed Sheeran, which is, I can't tell you the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone. Okay, I think we've drilled this home. This whole concept of niching down is exactly what's gonna make it possible for you to quickly level up your technical skill. So if you are starting out on the technical side, like you're developing your artistry, it's by focusing where you can dump all of your time into one specific area and become exceptional.

at that area very quickly. That only happens if you focus, right? It's through niching where you can actually identify your ideal client because now you can know who you're speaking to. Then because we know our ideal client, we can craft the perfect message for them. Then because we understand the client and the messaging that resonates with them, we can tailor the right brand experience. I know what website to choose. I know what copy to put on that website. I can market to the right audience. If I want to do paid ads, I don't have to. I can do organic everything, which is what we do.

we teach you here, but if you wanted to do paid ads, then you know exactly who to market to. It's also in the process of niching that you're gonna simplify your life. I don't think a lot of us realize how stressful it is to try to run a photography business when your revenue comes from headshots and real estate and weddings and all these different places. It is a total grind. And if you don't know how stressful that is, ask somebody that's done that. It is highly stressful and you never know.

when your next paycheck and who your next paycheck is going to come from, because we don't know who to market to. We have so many different places to go. It's also in niching down that you're going to make dramatically more money. We're talking like 10, 20, 30, 40 times more money, okay? Now the typical questions that come through at this point is something I want to address. So the first one, this idea like, but, but, but if I niche down, then I won't be able to shoot other things. If you.

are in that space where you're serving a bunch of different people right like a bunch of different clients and in different spaces all I'm telling you to do is we're gonna pick one I'd like for you to pick the one that aligns with your interest and that aligns with your revenue like like where is the majority of revenue coming from where is that most your interest in let's align those two things let's focus on them that doesn't mean you can't continue taking the work that comes in right we can still like whether it's existing clients

what I'm doing, just because I focus in on weddings doesn't mean I can't do the headshot job, doesn't mean I can't do the real estate job. I have a network, and within that network, people are gonna ask me to do different things. Absolutely, you can do those things, but we don't have to market everything that we're shooting. We wanna market the images that we want to recreate, the clients that we wanna continue bringing in. That's what we wanna focus in on the marketing side. But look, whether you're building a brand portrait business or whether you're building a wedding studio, it doesn't matter, what you're also building is a network.

So, let's say you do brand portraits for entrepreneurs and thought leaders, okay? Those same people are going to become part of a network. And they're going to come back to you and say, hey, I also need product photos for my business. Oh, hey, I know someone that's getting married. Do you by chance do that? Or do you have any recommendations? You can always take those other jobs. Great. Fantastic. And you can also turn them down if you want to focus on what you want to do. But it doesn't mean that just because you took the job that you have to market it. So, you can always shoot other.

What I'm saying is let's choose one thing to drill home in terms of our messaging, our landing page, what is our brand, our business focus, and by all means, do all the other jobs you want or don't. That's up to you. And plus, you can do unpaid shoots too. You can do your own shoots. Like the idea that you have to only shoot within your niche is crazy, okay? Now there's another question that often pops up is like, what if I wanna serve two different niches or even two or more, right? Niches that.

that are completely different from each other. Like let's say boudoir and brand portraits. Those are totally different things, right? Well, the first thing that I would say is I would love for you to build one business at a time. I think it's a terrible idea to build more than one business at a time, okay? You just don't have enough time and effort to be able to split between these two things. Most of us, that's a kind of a recipe for disaster for most everyone. But the second thing I would say is if that's something you wanna do, if you've already got one of them going and it's going.

going well and you want to spin up another, then what we're talking about is you need a completely separate brand, okay? So if we have two niches that are completely different, we're looking at two completely different brands, all right? Now, attached to that is, well, but what if I want to serve maybe two or more niches, but they're completely related? Like, let's say that I want to do weddings, but I also want to do like maternity because a lot of my wedding clients become maternity clients and then we do families, then it's simple. Well, what is it that you mainly want to do? Is it weddings? Okay.

let's build the landing page, let's build the business to focus on weddings, and then you can always have a menu option that says services, and you have a couple other genres like family, portraits, and maternity, whatever you wanna put in there that's related, you can put it in there. And we can always market to those things through other efforts, right? Like we can create SEO articles, we can create resources, but your main business is what creates the network that's gonna drive to those other services, right? That's totally fine. What we don't wanna do is mix the marketing message. So if you.

you wanna do niches that are completely related, then again, that's what a services menu is for, that's what other ways of marketing for, but I still want you to focus on one. So my suggestion here is we're gonna select one niche, one type of client to be your focus. As you do that, you're still gonna build your network and they're gonna ask you to do other things, and that's great. And to understand that you can always market to other clients through your services menu, through SEO resources and articles, through your referral network.

through your newsletter, there's a number of other ways once you've built these relationships to continue marketing other services, but I still want you to start with one. The idea here, have you guys ever seen like the plate spinners? I'm sure you've seen someone that spins plates, I'm not an expert in this, but when I've seen them, they always start with one plate, get it spinning, then they start another plate, get it spinning, then they start another plate, get it spinning, then they revisit the first, spin it up a little bit more, and revisit the second, get it going again, then they go to the fourth, and they keep like revisiting.

That's what it's like in business too. You start up one business, you get it spinning, you get it going, then you start up another. You don't try to do multiple things at once. And I need you to recognize that when you add on a different niche service, you're not simply adding on another niche or another style of photos. You're adding on a completely separate business. If I wanna do senior portraits and I also wanna do weddings, right? This is not the same client. This is not the same brand experience.

I know it's from your standpoint from a photographer standpoint It's like well I would approach both shoots the same way like I do very similar things the way that I light the way that I shoot It's all very similar, but from the brand standpoint the client standpoint. Those are two completely separate businesses seniors They want to see more images of seniors. They want to see how you work with seniors They want to see you communicate messages that relate to them Whereas wedding clients they don't want to see senior photos a bride doesn't want to see seniors popping up on your feed They don't care about

you know, 10 tips to taking better senior portraits or here's what you gotta do before you graduate. They want things that apply to them. They want bridal tips. They wanna see other inspiring images from brides and other weddings. They wanna see details and help with their timeline. Their needs are completely different. So we have to look at the niches as not simply a technical skill, but anytime we add a niche, we're looking to create a completely separate business. That's what it is in reality.

Okay so the question now is how do I choose the right niche? How do I make sure I don't serve clients that I dislike, that I don't build a business that I end up hating, we don't want that, that's not sustainable, and that I don't burn out and quit because that's the ultimate direction that this goes if we choose an area just for the money or if we choose an area just for a short-term kind of need then we end up often building something that is not sustainable. So here we go.

Our first action step, we have the niche finder tool and coach. Okay, really there's three steps when it comes to figuring out your ideal niche. Okay, step number one is to kind of select a potential, an idea for your niche. Step number two is to visualize what it would be like to actually do that thing. And this is where I want you to go a little bit deep within this process of visualization, okay? And then once you understand, once you truly understand that I'm going to give you a checklist and you're going to confirm like this niche.

can satisfy all of this criteria, and then we know that that's something that fits. So let's show you what that looks like essentially. Step one, selecting a potential niche, okay? So to get your mind moving, I have some niches and sub-niches, and what I've done first is we want our niche to have proven market demand, okay? That's step number one. We can't choose a niche or choose a space that has no demand. I mean, you can, but if you choose a space that nobody's looking for, that there's no demand, people don't know that they need that thing, then basically what...

what it leaves is for you to become such a big name that people just wanna work with you, okay? So generally wanna choose something that has decent market demand to begin with. And what I've done is I've created a little set of ideas. So within the space of wedding photography or corporate photography or family photography, I've created sub-niches. So whether it's, you could focus on a niche like wedding photography, or you can go into a sub-niche as well. It's not required that you sub-niche, but the more we can differentiate, it's a little bit better, okay? So.

at least have a niche, and if you'd like, you can go down and do a sub-niche. But these are all niches and sub-niches that have good market demand. There is plenty of money to be made in each of these spaces. This is not a comprehensive list. Like, you'll notice that I didn't include boudoir on here, but clearly boudoir is one of those. This is just a place to get you thinking about kind of areas that have decent market demand, okay? Obviously, boudoir would be on the list. Okay, at that point, we selected.

an idea potential, then it goes to, well, now I want you to visualize. So spend 10 minutes visualizing day-to-day life as well as the pros and cons of this potential nation. What I really want you to think about is what would day-to-day life look like say three to five years from now? What does, what are the pros and cons of being inside this niche? Are you dealing with the type of clients that you love dealing with, or do you see potential issues there, clashes in personality to help you out with this process, I'm giving you a prompt. And so.

You can use the standard prompts you can use with any AI tool. I'm gonna go ahead and pull up a window so I can bring it up on my side. Let's just bring this over. And the way that you're gonna use these is pretty simple. We're gonna go to chat GPT, use your favorite, but all we're gonna do is grab this prompt. We're gonna press Control or Command C to copy, paste it in. And then we're gonna say, we're gonna place a niche in here. So let's just, since we, actually, we did a lot of boudoir. So let's do family portraits.

and you can say with an emphasis on children's portraits. Okay, drop in that little prompt and it's gonna give you guidance. So absolutely, let's dive into what that would look like. So it's gonna give you the big picture. Here's what the daily weekly workflow's gonna look like. You're gonna shoot two to four times a week. Here are the challenges, unpredictable behavior like meltdowns, shy kids, weather. We gotta think like, is that something that I'm okay with? Am I gonna be, or am I gonna get frustrated with that?

over time. Uninvolved partners or overwhelmed parents, that's gonna be an often case thing. Here's what we're doing on our non-shooting days. This is what we do in the mornings and the afternoons and the evenings. Here's our client interactions. This is marketing and branding. I want you to really see what that lifestyle looks like, okay? And here, it's gonna give you common stressors, personality fit, everything. It needs to be something that you can love doing. So once we have that and we go, okay, visualizing this, this is something that I do wanna do. Then we simply go.

of this and you're gonna start making sure that all the criteria is there. So is this a product or service that people want and value? If it's anything in the space like on the list, then you know it is, okay? We click yes. Are the competitors? That's a good thing. If there's competitors, it shows that this is a place where there's market demand. So yes, I want there to be competitors. Are those competitors successful? Yes, I want them to be successful. Those are all signs that there's market value, right? Work-life balance. Will I enjoy offering this service repeatedly? I need to be able to enjoy that. If not, if I have.

to check no on this, I have something that's unsustainable. Will I enjoy serving the clientele with this niche? Yes. Can this niche provide me with the type of income that I seek? Well let's figure that out. I mean if it's again any of the market value ones, yes, the answer to that is yes. Can this niche give you the time and lifestyle you want? Make sure. If you don't want to be working on weekends and you're thinking of being a wedding photographer, that could present some serious challenges, right? You might need to think, well, I do want to do...

weddings, but I don't want to work weekends. So maybe is there a genre that, that, that would serve me inside the wedding space and then you go, Oh, you know what? Elopements and court weddings, those often happen on weekdays. What if I focused on that? Totally doable, right? Last personal fulfillment. Does it align with what you value and appreciate? Would you find meaning in serving clients with a space? All of these pieces from work life to fulfillment, these are longterm pieces. Meaning if you answer no to these, there's a really good chance.

a few years from now, you might start making good money, but then you actually burn out, okay? So I want you to follow that. This doesn't require like anything special. You can use all this with just free prompts. I also built you this. This is my niche finder coach. And so what I did, this is for those, I do recommend having a premium chat GPT account, but you do need that to use custom GPTs, okay? So this is a custom GPT that I programmed to basically act like me.

So it's going to it's going to speak to you from like a psychological standpoint of whether this thing is right for you. You can use this to test out an idea of a niche. You can use it to validate the niche that you've chosen. Either way. But click the link and once you're here it says when you're ready tell me what niche you're considering. So let's put in something else. I'm thinking of let's just do wedding photography. Okay we'll do that little example. Okay do you have a specific location that you'd like to offer for this?

Service, are you thinking of offering a destination? So I'm gonna say I want to work out of, let's do Texas, backwards, Austin, Texas. Okay, perfect. So it's gonna give you a market evaluation. What's the market demand? It says around Austin, okay, 12.

Thousands, that's a really good number of weddings. The median cost, that's great. Competitiveness, there's a lot of active professionals. And it gives you a recommendation. Okay, there is a substantial number of weddings in an active community. However, the presence of numerous professionals indicate a competitive environment. Success in the market is gonna depend on differentiating. Would you like to proceed? But it tells you, like, this is a recommendation. And if it's not, it'll say it's not recommended. But it says this is a strong market demand. Perfect, there's a valid market there, okay. Would you like to proceed? Say yes.

Now it's gonna go through next step. Okay, awesome. I want you to visualize how this would play out. So what would your ideal day in life look like? Okay, I don't want to work weekends. So I would imagine working Monday through Friday, maybe shooting one wedding a week. I would also like to make around 150,000 a year. Okay, I programmed this to like really help dial in. It doesn't matter.

matter what you write right here if it's if it deviates quite a bit it's gonna bring your expectations back in alignment so it's gonna say thanks for being clear and it's gonna kind of tell you where you might have conflicts okay so typical wedding days the mass majority of weddings happen on weekends especially on Saturday so right off the bat your desired not work weekends prevents significant conflict okay possible exceptions some weekday weddings do happen especially elopements courthouse weddings or small weekday events so just like we talked about this is gonna help you to identify potential areas

but they will make up a small portion of your market, you'd be targeting a niche within a niche. Business model income, your goal to hit $150k. You'd need to charge roughly $3,000 per wedding, assuming 50 weddings per year and minimal time off. This is very doable in Austin if you're booking full-size weddings on weekends, but for weekday weddings, which tend to be shorter, lower budget, you'd likely need more volume or higher pricing to make up the difference, which could be a challenge. Okay, so sales and marketing niche positioning, you need to brand yourself as a specialist in weekday elopements, okay, and actively educate and attract that market.

segment. So it even gives you content strategies, ideas, whether there's a fit, there is a misalignment here. Most wedding photographers build their schedules around weekend work because that's where the demand is. Your vision is doable, but this is what it require. So it says, do you want to go deeper? Yes. And I, I love the idea of focusing on weekday elopements and courthouse weddings. I think I'll specialize in that as a luxury

photographer. Okay so now we start getting clarity. Now we're working within the niche of wedding photography but now we sub niche to elopement and courthouse weddings. Will I enjoy offering the service repeatedly? Yes. Okay can I genuinely love clients? Yes. I love weddings. I love clients. I love couples. Does it allow what you value and appreciate? Yes. I love storytelling. Talk to

Talk to the AI, just like you're talking to me or to anybody else, okay? Will you find meaning in serving them long-term? Yes. Can this business model realistically? Yes. Okay, now it's going to say, okay, great. It's going to give you an overall evaluation. You've chosen a niche that's specific, differentiated, aligned with your lifestyle, capable of generating. Now your next steps are all about branding and positioning. So it's going to ask if you want additional help, but that's kind of where the guide stops.

and now you're just using the GPT. So this will be a great way to help you to kind of figure out and finalize whatever it is that you might be thinking of doing and to kind of play around and bounce ideas off of the AI. I've told the AI, by the way, don't go easy on you. So if you say something like, no, I don't wanna do this, and it'll say, yeah, I don't think this is a good fit. It'll tell you and be straightforward with you. Once you have this, this is where I want you to go to step four where you're gonna finalize your niche.

So go ahead and document it. And I have it basically placed into your brand and strategy document. So the place where I want you to actually document, I apologize, I sort of switched out this slide. It's actually this one. So you're just gonna go to your brand and strategy workbook. Okay. And then right here under photographic niche focus is step one. And just a quick reminder, the course itself guides you through the workbook, not the other way around. If you try to use the workbook and be like, oh, step one, step two.

step two, step three. This is not the way this is designed, right? So the course itself takes you to the relevant places in the workbook. And the way it does it, it says select your niche. So go to the brand and strategy workbook. That's what BNSW stands for. The tab is 01 My Business. So this is the My Business tab right here. And then go ahead and fill out your photographic niche. Select your niche right here, okay? So once you have that, go ahead and dial that in and you are done with this lesson. Thank you.

you