With your niche selected it is now time to research your market environment. So again Kind of a little reminder. I'm doing this just to keep your chin up. Keep your chin up. We're doing important work here Okay, there's this saying in in racing I used to race for fun and I got to a point where I was I was okay enough to actually Instruct friends so I would bring friends out and teach them how to race on the track and one of the concepts you learn Early on is is this idea of slow as fast or the saying is slow as smooth smooth as fast The the whole idea is

you know racing around a track at full speed it might look fast but in actuality like your your times are really slow the more the car is out of control and it's the same way in your business right it can look like you are grinding and you're going so fast and you're going 90 miles an hour putting 60 hours a week into this thing but in reality we're not making significant progress we're actually it looks fast but we're going very slow so we're gonna slow down again and do a bit of market research

So that way we can fast track implementation. What this looks like is when we get to the implementing side, everything starts to go real smooth. And we're like, man, I'm just cruising through this. This is a breeze. Okay, the other thing I'm gonna say too, is if you're at this point and you're still not yet certain about your niche, this market research can actually help you to understand better whether this is a good fit for you. Okay, so I would say, even if you still are not locked in on your niche at this point, I'm gonna have you continue. By the end of this step though.

I do want you locked in, okay? What I want you to avoid is there's a mindset pitfall that I want you to be very careful of, and it's the pitfall of comparison. I'm not gonna get super deep into this. I think we've all heard the quotes on, you know, comparison is the thief of joy and all that. We know this, but there's a challenge here because I need you to understand your competitive environment. I need you to understand your market and find inspiration and information from that. But at the same time, I don't want you to fall into this trap of comparison.

And what that means is as you go about this, you're going to, it's just the human condition is to compare ourselves to others. And I know you're gonna do it not only with people in your industry and in your space, like in your market, but you're probably also gonna think about it with people that are in this program, with your peers, right? And you might look at their websites, you might look at where they're at, their branding is more established, their images might be better. I want you to pull yourself out of that comparison. I want you to look and say, yes, they are.

further ahead in this space than I am, but that just means that I need to improve this one aspect and I will do that. But I don't want you to beat yourself up because you're not there yet. Everybody's at a different space in this journey and a different place along it, okay? But your best tool for all of this is gonna be market research. We're gonna analyze your business environment. So that way you can kind of identify your direct competitors. You can see like who you're working with, where are their price points. So that way you can understand, well,

where are my strengths and where are my potential weaknesses and you can also gain ideas for website branding and design, okay? All of this is gonna come from this research process and then after this we'll go into, okay, now let's start figuring out what is our voice, what is our messaging, but I want you to see what other people are doing. In this process, as you're making these comparisons, you will very likely notice that you find a few direct competitors and then you're like, oh, they're doing exactly what I wanna do or

they're not even coming close to what I want to do. Like, there's so many things. Either way, it's great, it's gonna play into what we're doing. If they're doing exactly the thing that you wanted to do, well, they've proven that it's successful, but it's also kind of an idea of, okay, maybe I should shift a little bit of direction here in terms of my voicing, my approach, so I can stand out. And vice versa, if they're not doing the things that you're thinking about, then it's like, man, there's a fantastic opportunity here to stand out in and of itself, okay? But let's first talk about what is this idea of a direct.

So basically same need, same location, similar style. This is a direct competitor. Anything else, like if we're looking at the same need, a different location and a different style, that's an indirect competitor or let's start with like a non-competitor, okay? This is a non-competitor. You're looking on the left at a wedding photograph and on the right at a fitness portrait. The jacked to the nines guy that's looking for these types of images cares nothing about wedding portraits and neither does this couple.

about an image like this, okay? They're simply not competitors. You're both, if you see other people in this, like back in the day we thought, oh, photographers are all competing with each other. No, if you're doing this, you're not competing with photographers doing this. That's simple, we understand that, okay? I want you to also recognize at this moment that without your niche, by the way, the task of actually focusing and doing market research is impossible because we have to research everything. There's no way we can actually dial in, all right? And then.

Now we have the the the game plan itself. So so okay without the niche We don't know what it is that we're actually researching to begin with and what we're trying to do whether you are Read like whether you are already experienced in business or not. I don't care if you're new at this I don't care if you've been doing it for 10 years This market research step is critical and what I found is that most people don't do it So that's why it's built in here Even if you're experienced I want you to do it because for those of you no matter what side you're coming from experienced or not

new to this, we're gonna define basically what I call, I don't think this is my word, but it's your competitive battlefield. It's how we're gonna play this game to our strengths, to basically stand out from everybody else. So even if you're experienced, I want you to understand what everyone else is doing so you can further differentiate yourself. You can play a game that nobody's playing, okay? All right, let's get back to this. So what is a direct competitor? We know that these are not competitors at all. Well, what about these? This is what I would call an indirect competitor. Remember the.

Same need, right, same need. Same location, this might be, even if they are the same location, they can still be an indirect competitor. But here we have a very different style, right? So let's say that we're two wedding photographers and we're in the same area. I'd still say we're indirect competitors because the client's looking for this, which is really more like adventure photography. This is like bold, you know, this is dramatic, adventure, like destination wedding. That.

client is very different from this. This is like soft, romantic, bright and airy. That means that the bride, the couple that's looking for this type of image, they're not gonna be happy with these types of photographs and vice versa. That makes them two different audiences. So what I want you to recognize is that you might be wedding photographers thinking we're like, okay, this is a competitor, but it's not. They're indirect competitors because they're actually serving a different audience, okay? Same by the way if we applied this to boudoir, same by the way if we applied.

this to family portraits. If the styles are dramatically different, we're looking at indirect competitors. But then we have direct competitors. So again, this is a wedding analogy, but apply it to your area, right? This, as trained photographers, we might look at this and go, those are really different, Pi. Like those are, I can see like this is more warm, more colorful, this one is more like, I don't know, Fuji-esque, has more green tones.

These are totally different. What I'm saying is, from the client's perspective, they don't have that ability to distinguish these types of nuances. These serve the exact same need. They serve the exact same function. They see this as a similar style. That's where we have to recognize, like, okay, they can't see those nuances, and so these would be direct competitors. So if you're looking at another brand portrait photographer, you're doing brand portraits, they're doing brand portraits, and you can see these subtle nuances, I'd say, like, look.

They're a direct competitor, okay? And that's not a bad thing, by the way. But understand that your clients, they can only distinguish massive differences. Like one is completely dramatic, flash lit, and one is natural, light and airy. They can see that, but they're not gonna see differences in this level of nuance. But this is what we're really looking for. What we're really looking for are direct competitors that offer, they serve the same need, they're in a similar location, and they have a similar style. They're not the same.

style, but a similar style, that's a direct competitor. Those are going to be the best places to go for inspiration because they're literally trying to communicate to the exact audience that we're trying to communicate with, right? These local direct competitors. This is the research that allows you to quickly gain website kind of ideas on terms of design, in terms of branding inspiration, what images do they use? How do they speak? It allows you to quickly understand kind of local pricing strategies, at least knowing where do they start, where do they.

collections like typically like end up most everybody's putting at least that information on their site oftentimes you'll find full pricing information on there which is what I don't want you to do you can gauge your quality of work and service by looking at what they're doing you can find your strengths and and the the short idea for this is anywhere there where they're weak that's a strength for you right if you notice where they're weak that's your strength if you find their strengths that's likely your weakness so if you're identifying like oh man these are good on that

side, then most likely what you're identifying is this is an area of myself that I could improve. Okay. This is also a space where you could potentially identify collaborative partnerships, and this is more for the future, but since we're here kind of doing the research, it's an option that we can like add onto the process. Okay. So let's get into doing this work here. Side note, make sure that you guys download the workbooks. The workbooks are always going to be attached to the, uh, the step that you're in. So let's get into this workbook, uh, and do the direct.

worksheet okay. So the first step is using an online search you can perform a search for your niche and your location just to get an idea of who's in the space and I'm gonna give you kind of a couple ways of doing this this is the the first one so just an online search is the first one. The next step and we'll do this together by the way the next step is select up to five direct competitors in your area and I want you to only add them to your list if they serve the same need if they offer a similar style and if they match or exceed your quality and look

If you find that they don't match or exceed your quality, like you haven't found a single one, add them to your list anyway. Take the best ones and add them, okay? Even if they're not quite up to par. Sometimes people are like, I didn't find anyone that does exactly what I do and can match my quality. Okay, that's a competitive advantage for you, but let's still complete the exercise, all right? And then what we're gonna do is actually rate your direct competitors. So from one to five, one being the lowest and five being the highest, I want you to rate them in each of the categories. So.

their brand identity, their website user experience, voice and humanity. And by the way, let me show you how to do this. So let's go and just do the online research. And you could, if you wanted to, use AI for this step. I was actually confusing one of the other steps. This step I mostly have as a manual process just because sometimes AI doesn't give you the latest kind of information or results. So sometimes the information is a little bit delayed. Okay, so what I'm gonna do is just go to Google and let's just do a basic search and we can.

to just use the regular search bar, but it might be high for you guys. Okay, so let's type in Boudoir Photography, Salt Lake City, okay? Now, from here, we're gonna get a giant list. And what we wanna do is basically start clicking through. We get suggested options, which I think there's sponsored results and then there's standard results. It looks like here there's no sponsored results actually. So let's just click through some of these, okay? And we're gonna.

start looking at brands and kind of going okay does this, like is this a direct competitor? Is their style pretty similar? Like are they going for what I'm going for? Is my style kind of like this dark, dramatic look? And you'll find that some of them have that look, some of them don't. Some of them are like more light, they're more airy. Maybe they focus on different aspects. This looks like, let's see Salt Lake's number one, it's confident, sexy, empowering. Okay, when you feel like you've found someone that's a competitor.

Then I want you to add them to the list and where are we going to do we're going to go back to the brand and strategy workbook Okay. Now this guide tells you we're working in brand strategy workbook tab three Under environment and direct competitors. This is one of the places where i've added, uh quite a bit to this this tab So if you are using like an older workbook You want to copy this in what you can always do is go to the bottom And this is the template document by the way You guys are always linked to the template document and I won't share access to this so you guys save this template document You

as I've instructed in the intro module. So when we make updates to it, you can go to back to the template, click at the bottom and you go copy to and then an existing spreadsheet. And this will allow you to copy this page to an existing spreadsheet and then you can like update the information in yours, okay? Select your workbook from there. Okay, so from here, if I feel like I found a competitor, I'm gonna put in their name, I'm gonna put in the website, the social handle, I'm gonna put in a starting price and I'm gonna start giving ratings for each of these areas. Any low scores are potential weaknesses that you can.

can like capitalize on. The last thing I want you to do is tell me what their target audience appears to be, so who they're communicating to. So let's go back to this for just a second. On this rating, when it comes to brand identity, what I'm talking about is like their logos, their color, the spacing on the website, the typography. Does it feel tight and refined, or does it feel loose like a commodity that's just kind of messy and all over the place? So I want you to give a rating on that, five being the highest, okay? Then it's website and user experience.

How easy is it to navigate? How easy is it to find the things that you're looking for to reach out to them, to contact them? Then it's, well, is their voice and humanity in the website? Do they connect with their audience on a meaningful level or do they speak to their audience on some generic level? Oh, here at our studio, we pride ourselves on this or do you actually get to meet the people there? Do they actually talk to you like a human? Then I want you to rate the quality of their imagery and consistency of their style, okay?

This is, this is kind of like one of the big criteria of like, if they're even on a level playing field, if there's huge discrepancies between the quality of their work and yours, they're again, not competing with you, but if that's the best you got, then, then still let's keep them in there. Um, at least so you have an understanding of like what your, your kind of the environment you're working in. Then SEO content strategy, do they appear to be having an SEO strategy along with useful, valuable content? So like, if you're kind of looking at these and like, you notice like, look, they've got.

at what to expect, the experience studio galleries, they've got portfolio, they've got a blog. Okay, Utah's premier boudoir studio. It looks like they are considering, like everyone wonder what happens behind it at Utah's top boudoir studio. So it looks like they are writing with SEO in consideration, right? If you look at their blog, let's see. Essential tips, yeah, there's tips for preparing for a memorable shoot together. Now, here's where you also start noticing like, okay, they have very much like a more.

Um, like they, they showcase images, like there's couples Boudoir in here, which is kind of a next level thing. They have like BDSM type stuff. You start noticing that they're going deeper. Maybe I want to offer something that's a little bit different. It's not so, so like, like maybe it's a little bit more, uh, I don't know what the right word would be. Um, a little lighter, a little softer. Uh, but you start noticing differences there. So we, we rate them from an SEO standpoint. Are they doing these things? Yes, they are. Okay. What is the quality of their experience? So let's put it all together. How would you rate?

the overall quality of the website and the experience. For the first few, like that first one was actually pretty strong, right? Like this was really good, like an easy to use, I'd say the menu might be a little bit busy, but it looks like clear call to action, it's pretty decent overall. But look, once we get to like number three, then I'm like, okay, this is kind of busy, right? Now it's like, okay, I'm not a huge fan of the logo, this image that's like the video that's over the images, now we start to get to like messy, and we're only three clicks in.

by the way. So what's funny is you start to recognize that if I differentiate myself, if I niche down, if I build a brand experience, if I build my humanity into this, then you start really separating yourself from the pack because already we've identified that we're only three clicks in on the top people in Google and already we can start seeing like a lot of opportunity there. Where once we've done these things, now we've narrowed our competition from hundreds of people down to maybe a few who can actually do that.

is at our level, right? We start becoming a business of one as opposed to a business of many. The last thing I want you to do is after looking at their branding, their imagery and their copy, I want you to try to describe their target audience. Who are they trying to speak to? And I want you to use your own words in this process and you're just gonna fill it in here. It doesn't need to be long, but just something to give you an idea because what you're gonna start noticing is patterns. So we're gonna start seeing holes. The holes or weaknesses are places where we can compete. Those are the low scores here. The pattern.

are like, well, who are they targeting? Are they all speaking to the same person? It's gonna give us an idea of, well, how are they speaking to that person? What are they saying? And we're gonna start noticing things that we can bring into our copy, into our experience, and not steal. We don't wanna take what they're doing and plagiarize. What we wanna do is make it our own. We wanna take what they're doing and say, I like what they said here, but this is the way that I would say that, or what I would say here is totally different, but I do like where they put that thing, and I'm gonna do something similar on my side. So we take those experiences, we build ourselves into it, and then we end up.

something totally different. But let's go through the process of actually doing this research. So we have all these ideas and we have everything that we need to basically execute quickly when we get to that space, okay? Let's jump on to the next lesson.