Friends, it is time for your SWOT analysis. This is kind of the first step of piecing it all together, but what we're gonna do now is, this is the time, this is the place where you're gonna start to choose what is the battlefield we're gonna be playing on. So we're gonna be playing on your strengths. These are the internal things that you do well. Weaknesses, those are kind of like, well, we wanna know what are the areas that we don't do as well, because I'm not gonna put those things forward. If these are a particular type of image, if it's a, you know, whatever it might be, I wanna focus on the strengths and I wanna limit the weaknesses. I wanna also look to identify opportunities. These are external opportunities around. So like these are potential weaknesses in other businesses.

as well as threats. These are external things going on in the market. I'm gonna give you ideas of all of this. This part sounds like a lot of theory and what I wanna do is give you a story and give you an idea of what it means so we can make this concrete, okay? So when we get to a SWOT analysis, I remember thinking of this in school when I first learned this concept. I was like, this sounds nice and everything, but really what does this mean? So what I wanna share is the story of David and Goliath, okay? We all know the traditional story of David and Goliath. The idea, the way that that story is used is that David was the person that was small, he was fighting.

gargantuan of a human um and and it was hand-to-hand combat David was never supposed to win this fight and the the underdog the underdog with God's support came out on top okay that's the that's the story the the moral that we kind of see is like you got to be like David who goes after Goliath the the big guy the guy that shouldn't lose and we're gonna take him down but what I love was Malcolm Gladwell did this um beautiful reframing he told the David Goliath story did research into this and he did his own interpretation of the story based on research so basically he was going into it he goes look

Look, an accomplished sling thrower, right? The force of a sling is equivalent to a 45 millimeter handgun. He also did research and realized that modern day slingers can actually kill birds. They're so accurate, they can kill birds from flight, let alone professional slingers back then who were probably far greater in their skill because it was actually required back then. The Rock plus David skill, an expert slinger, basically meant that he had something that could basically shoot a rock out at 35 meters per second. So that's a very powerful, basically handgun, a very accurate.

one as well. Also, from all the accounts of Goliath, he realized that Goliath very likely had giantism. This is acromegaly. This is how we diagnose it today, right? Acromegaly, which comes with a lot of issues, like bone issues, arthritis. On top of that, generally makes someone nearsighted. And he draws back to kind of the story when Goliath says, come to me. We read that and we think that that's a taunt, right? Like, come fight hand-to-hand, come to me, be a man-type taunt. And Malcolm Gladwell's like, what if in reality he's saying, come to me, like literally because I can't see this person. Like, come fight on my terms because I can't see I'm nearsighted.

sighted the whole concept is is when you look at Malcolm Gladwell's reframing of the story who was the actual underdog in the fight the actual underdog in this entire story was actually Goliath I mean if I said to you I'm gonna give David a handgun and Goliath is gonna start from a hundred feet away who's gonna win the fight you go oh David's gonna win the fight he's got a gun well that is literally what he had and when we reframe the story we're like okay David actually should have won Goliath was the underdog in this story that's not the way that we understand it but what is beautiful in illustrating is the

the idea of battlefields. David chose his battlefield. He chose to fight on the battlefield where he was most comfortable, where he had the greatest advantage possible, where he literally had a handgun and the other guy had a spear and he couldn't see. Had David fought Goliath's battle, had he fought on that close hand-to-hand field, he most certainly would have lost, and in a dramatic fashion. It's no different than in business, right? If you're just starting out, so let's say you're just starting out, you have a small team, maybe it's just you. Your network is small. Again, your business is new, and you're comparing yourself to a lineage.

and I'm not saying this to like boast, I'm just saying you're comparing this to any studio that has 15 plus years in business, that has a large team, that has a large network where established, it looks daunting. You're like, man, how am I ever gonna compete? But from the other side, I'm like, oh my gosh, there are so many ways you can compete and do things better than us right out the gate. And all this is to say, I don't want you to fight fair. I want you, I mean, I want you to fight morally and ethically, like I don't want you to break laws, but I don't want you to fight fair. I want you to change the playing field to suit your strengths and to avoid your weakness.

weaknesses. If this is Dave and Goliath, the weakness is I'm not going to do hand-to-hand combat. I'm going to stay at a distance. So what does this mean from a, this is the theory of this, but what does this mean in practicality? Well, the strengths of a new or smaller studio. These are a few of the common ones that I feel like just are very powerful and make it easy to stand out. Number one, you can create a very personalized brand experience. See with Lin and Jersa, even if I wanted to do this, which I have at various times, I can't create that because we run an associate brand. So I can't really get hyper-personalized with our experience because I'm not the one shooting.

my partners aren't really the ones shooting, our associates are. And if I get hyper-personalized with the associates, then what happens if the associates actually leave? If I build all this brand around, you know, five, six different associates that are killing it, what happens when there's turnover? So I don't have that ability. Like we don't have that ability to play on that battlefield. You can also offer a better level of client service because you can give one-on-one attention to people. You're not dealing with hundreds of clients. You don't have a client service person where we have to, the photographers don't interface with our clients because there's too many. So we have a client servicing team, right? You can give one-on-one attention. You can do faster service and delivery times. We are getting pretty good.

better at this, but our delivery time is getting solid. But in general, moving our ship requires a lot of time because it's a big ship to steer. Blogging and social media consistency. Do you know how difficult it is for us to get consistent things posted without putting it into the hands of the partner? It's so challenging on that side. Direct relationship with the venues and vendors. Again, because we're not the one shooting, it's difficult to actually create direct relationships with all these vendors and venues. It's a challenging thing. You can create quick teasers and turnarounds for your partners. You can offer at a more affordable price point. And honestly, this is the last thing I would compete with. All these other things are such fantastic strengths that you can bring.

forward in your business and by the way in a world where everything is moving towards AI in a world where everything is unpersonalized where everything is automated everything is do it on you know with this tool with a robot isn't a personalized brand experience a human level of client service one-to-one gonna stand out more and more absolutely this is the thing that literally will not be replaced we're always gonna want to connect with another human these are such easy ways to stand out in your business and then as weaknesses well newer smaller studios these are a few the common weaknesses that I notice in in studios that man if they just address these

it would be game over, right? But number one, I often notice that a newer studio, smaller ones, they generally, the quality of imagery could be improved. But that's kind of, that goes across the board. But often I notice they're trying to do too much. This is why I'm having you niche down. You're not gonna make this mistake. So every one of the things that you address here, you immediately start reducing the people on your competitive battleground, like your battlefield, right? We start with, okay, I'm a photographer. Now I'm competing with 100,000 people. Now I'm a wedding photographer. I'm competing with 10,000 people. Now I'm a wedding photographer based out of Orange County. I'm competing with 200 people. Each step that we narrow down, we compete with less and less.

less until there's only a few. So look, once we've gotten great quality of imagery, we move from 10,000 competitors to maybe a thousand. Once we niche down, we move from a thousand and these are just ideas. Okay. We move from a thousand to a hundred. Once we, uh, so the attention is too divided. We know who we're talking to. We're communicating. That's the same idea of niching down, right? We know our target audience. We're speaking to them on a very personal level. Now we go from a hundred to there's only 50 people doing that. Now our website design is clear. It's beautiful. It resonates. Our messaging is dialed in. Now we go from 50 down to 20. Now we address our slow response time. We get back to people quickly. We go from.

money, we did this test recently where we tried to see like the people in our space that are at our level. Chris called 10 other studios and basically pretended to be a client just so we can get information on like are people actually, people who run established businesses, are they following good sales practices? Out of, I think it was 10, maybe 20, I can't remember the exact number, but nobody called him back. We have a five minute rule that you're going to learn about when we get to sales. Nobody called Chris back within five minutes. Nobody called him back within 24 hours, which is like a nightmare. Very few people sent a thank you email to him like after he inquired. Only two or three, it was like 20%.

or 30% got back to him within a week and it was via email. Not a single person called. This is crazy. So like you're competing with 20, as soon as you address your sales process, now it's like, okay, now you've got two. That's in your competitive field. Then you start personalizing your brand, your communication, now you're the only one. You are now a business of one. You start doing other things like bonuses, quick teasers, turn off a partner. These are all ways to just differentiate. And as you cross off each one of these, you start noticing less and less people are on this battlefield competing with you. You become that business of one. Okay, what are potential opportunities?

So these are areas where I would say most photographers are weak and so therefore there is opportunities there So actually supporting vendors and venues with images you'd be blown away. This is especially important on the wedding and event side There are so many photographers who do not reach out to try to support the vendors and venues is such an easy way to stand out Supporting your local vendors and venues this goes for everybody reaching out trying to create relationships Looking to see what you can do to help them in their business. Nobody does this again an easy way to stand out Provide clients and by the way, I'll teach you how to do this more when we get into the marketing side I just want you to see opportunities right now. I want you to understand the concept providing clients with value

you added content. So this is like someone comes to you, they're planning a wedding and you're like, here's an ideal timeline, you know, just downloadable, right, so you give them like a free guide. Someone's planning, they wanna do boudoir and you're like, here's five tips on how to have an amazing boudoir session or three things and you give them resources, you give them guidance. Not that many people do this, it's an easy way to stand out. Consistently blogging and tagging the people that you're working with, easy way to stand out. Posting regularly to social media with tagging and supporting the people you're working with, again, an easy way to stand out. So these are awesome opportunities for everybody, places where most people tend to be kind of weak. What I would say in terms of threats, these are like industry.

Wide threats are consumer and economic changes that can like threaten the industry. So there's more and more AI photography tools. There's improvement in mobile phone cameras. So this thing that's been already good enough, it's getting better and better, right? So anytime we are basically focusing on product over experience, we leave ourselves very vulnerable to outside threats like your phone getting better. We leave ourselves very vulnerable to AI tools like replacing what you do. Because if what you do is simply create images, there's a lot of ways that people can go about that. This is why I really focus.

hard on helping you to understand what you're selling. You're not a photographer, you are a creative director. You are a person that's there to service a problem, a challenge, a need, to help them find a solution and to give them a customized, beautiful experience in the process. That is difficult to replace. You're serving a client that is high end, that's not something that technology, it's not something that a phone is gonna be able to take the place of. But if you are simply offering like, oh, I'm a photographer, my day rate is $500 and I'll come out and shoot content with you. That is replaceable. As soon as the next DJI drone comes, like.

Don't you think right now we have like all these different like DJI Osmo and all these little cameras that like do things. We are so close to the place where somebody invents a little wheeled robot that has a camera on it and it just follows you around and takes pictures and does whatever you want. At that point, the person that's like, oh, I'm $500 a day and I'll come out and shoot video with you. They're all replaced. So I don't want you to be the person that just takes photos. I don't want you to be the vendor that just comes and does. I want you to be the person that ties into their goals, into their solutions. I want you to understand what we're selling and what we're selling goes far beyond simply photographs. Okay?

Those are the threats that we have. As long as we are positioning our brand as a human brand, as long as we're connecting on a personal level, we're giving an authentic experience, we're giving a luxury experience, we're safe from these threats, okay? We're not in a place where those things are gonna affect us, at least not dramatically. Okay, so what I want you to do now is go ahead and complete your SWOT analysis. So I've given you a little page right here. We're gonna go, let me just find it. Oh yeah, on the environment page, we scroll down, and here's the SWOT analysis. I don't want you to go too crazy into this. I want you to write down a few of your strengths, areas that you think you're gonna stand out, a few of the areas where you feel like there might be weaknesses, a little bit of where there's.

business opportunity, this is where your competition is weak and potential threats. I mean, I've kind of given you those, but if you feel like there's one that you wanna highlight or be aware of, that's totally fine. But you're gonna go and just be brutally honest as you complete this analysis. So strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, those are the areas where I want you to focus in on. I've covered kind of the broad threats, the things that are potentially happening on a consumer level. There might be some industry specific ones, like people kind of do sometimes change spending habits and whatnot. But mostly where I want you to spend your time is just in those three. Okay, go ahead and pause, complete that. And if you have any questions, just holler.

in the Facebook group.