your interests, your passions, your principles, opinions, your turn-offs and dislikes, all of these things fit under psychographics. Which means if you are somebody who is basically like, I would consider myself very politically neutral and very neutral towards almost like any sort of belief system. So whether it's religious or not, I would consider myself very politically neutral and very

religious belief, whether it's, I don't really care. I will serve as long as a person is a kind person. I do not care what their pronouns are. I don't care what religion they belong to. I don't care what politics they fall into. That's me. So what I wanna do is create a brand that suits that, that I'm looking for just genuinely good people.

That's my focus, right? But if, for example, you're a person who can't stand when people are of a different political ideal than you or a different, it doesn't even matter, a different set of beliefs or values than you have. If that is something that is a pet peeve, then by all means, we should build that into this process so that we push away.

the people that do not want that we don't want to be working with essentially and bring in the people that we do want to be working with okay this is a very powerful aspect of this but this is psychographics so what we're gonna do is continue and now this is where we get to our prompt chaining okay so now what we're gonna do is we're gonna continue with a psychographic

graphic prompt. So I'm going to go ahead and grab this and we're going to jump back and this is where again you could do this in just a regular chat if you don't have like the project created but I'm going to go ahead and drop this in. I said now let's move to the second step focusing on the same target dream plan from step one help me understand their psychographic profile okay core values this one we don't need to have like we

We don't need to do anything. We're just gonna go ahead and press go. So what we're doing now with prompt chaining is we're basically just using the existing information and the existing conversation and we're diving deeper into it. I like separating things out. You can write an incredibly long prompt. I don't like doing that because I tend to find that I get much better.

results when I write a shorter prompt that's focused on one area, then I ask any follow-up questions, then I ask another provided another prompt and continue with it. I tend to get better results that way. So now it goes okay well the core values and beliefs. Check this out. Authenticity over tradition. They reject cookie-cutter weddings and societal expectations.

in favor of meaningful personal experiences. That's interesting. Connection is everything. They prioritize deep relationships, freedom, intentionality. So from this, we immediately start going, man, I could build so much of this just into my clarified message, couldn't I? I could say, for clients.

for couples who love adventure, authenticity, and connection over tradition. I have a clarified message already for my elopement brand. For couples who love adventure, authenticity, and connection over tradition. That's it. And that's now all I would need to show.

In the images that I create and I would continue building around that but but let's not get ahead of ourselves I just want to give you ideas. It gives us personality traits. They're free spirited. They're creative emotionally aware I can already see the example images popping in my head of what I need to show They enjoy things like traveling and hiking slow living design local culture, and they probably appreciate if I gave them tips

So I'm like, where to go while they're in town, right? They appreciate sustainability, minimalism, vintage aesthetics, emotions, and sentiments. Man, all of this, it just, it helps me to understand exactly who I'm speaking to. It gives me their pet peeves, their dislikes and frustrations, overly posed, stiff, or generic images. Couldn't I create a piece of content?

that's like you hate overly posed images let me show you something different you're in england you're doing this you're on vacation instead of this try this right it tells me exactly how to speak to these individuals it gets me fired up i absolutely love this catherine you see it you see it catherine um but look

Look, they hate pushy sales tactics or upselling, lack of location guidance, logic stress. It's everything that I need, right? So for you, I'm hoping that you're kind of getting excited about this too, because man, we're starting to get really, even if we don't have a great picture of who it is that we're serving now, we're getting a good picture. And if we already know.

if we already have some experience as to who we're serving we can literally use that and tie it to this and be like dude I am laser focused in who I'm trying to to target. Okay now I go to step three the wants and needs. What does your clients truly value or appreciate when it comes to your service? And by the way let me go ahead and jump back to this so I don't forget.

or psychographic information goes here. So after you have an understanding of it, I want you to copy it and paste it right here, drop it in here. We do have a project for this going on in chat GPT. So this is a little bit redundant because most likely I'll just go back to that place, but it's still nice to have it documented somewhere where I can reference it. So I wouldn't skip this, but just understand that this is.

This is more for reference than it is like, we're not gonna have ongoing conversations here. But go ahead and document it. And then let's go to that next piece, the avatar wants and needs, which is this one. So this is the place where we can understand what they truly value, what do they appreciate? How are they gonna connect with us as their photographer? Is this someone who is easygoing?

Is it someone that, you know, do they want simplicity and end-to-end service? Is it traditional poses and portraits? Is it authenticity? Part of that we already got from that previous example, right? We're going to tie into it deeper. So we're going to continue this, right? Okay. We're going to grab this and we're going to...

to continue that prompt chain with prompt number three. I love how it already gave me some of that here, but we're gonna continue. Okay, so now we dive into further of this elopement destination photography client. Personal connection is essential. Okay.

So that about us page, where we get deep, where we talk about some of the things that are meaningful to us, that is gonna be huge for them. And honestly, that's gonna be huge for most clients. But they wanna feel understood. They want someone that gets their vision. They want direction versus documentary. So they want kind of a hybrid approach, not fully posed, but not abandoned either. They don't want it fully hands-off.

but they don't want heavy posing right so it gives like prompted candids or guided documentary it gives you freaking words that would appeal to them. Candid is greater than posed so emotional moments win every time right so that means that in my portfolio I probably should not be throwing in like posed traditional portraits of them standing in front of the Louvre but instead maybe a shot of them walking.

talking, having fun, sipping on coffee, you know, whatever it might be that they're doing in action, right? Tangible art products. This audience is often split. Some are digital first, others value heirlooms. Here's the breakdown. So albums desired if they're authentic, aesthetic, minimalistic, and story-driven. Not everyone will buy up front, but they love seeing one in person.

tend to agree with this where like most people on the wedding side they want digitals first the album is the big upsell that's the big thing that we can get to them this is difficult wall art and frame prints with well-styled homes this is like uh it's tough because if they're especially if they're elopement clients it might be tough to get them back into a zoom

caller to get pictures of their home or to actually see or maybe they don't even have their their their their forever home yet um so this is like a bonus but the album is definitely something that we can place with with virtually every client so long as we're selling it properly digital ownership absolutely expected so we're looking at like inclusive models we're looking at including

those digitals right. Tech and delivery expectations, emotional experimental needs, they want to feel understood, supported, relaxed, not rushed, inspired by the setting. Like the photographer is part of the magic, not a distraction. So look at this, what to prioritize, how to deliver, gentle direction, candid emotions. So this is where we go back to our brand and strategy workbook and we start

start to list out what are their needs when it comes to your service? What are their expectations? This is the guide over here on the right, by the way, do they want a personal connection? Do they want their photography non-intrusive? All of those things we build into this because they're going to continue guiding our efforts as we put together all of our entire online presence. Okay.

All right, so go ahead and complete that wants and needs section when you're ready. Let's go to problems and challenges This is in your brand strategy that we're just going down the row of these next pieces Okay, so these are areas where we're gonna come back to problems and challenges quite a bit because these are areas where? Your your content lies when we go and create

create content, whether it's, you know, we're gonna start with basically like our SEO content, then we're gonna put those into social media content, we're gonna create emails, all that. When it comes to the ideal content for your clients, so much of it has to do with their problems and challenges. So you're gonna come back to this space over and over. I want you to spend a good amount of time here.