Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com You are a world-class copywriter with expertise in direct-to- consumer marketing. You’re launching a new [NICHE] photography business and need a clear, simple 1-sentence message that communicates: WHO you serve, WHAT you offer, WHY it matters to them. Please generate 10 variations of a clarified message using the following input: My target audience is: [BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF AVATAR] My service is: [SERVICE] My clients most value: [VALUES] Each Clarified Message should, be 8–12 words max, use simple, everyday language (elementary reading level), feel clear/confident and client-focused. Play with it. Reword to your liking. Then complete your Vision Statement. AI-PROMPT Use this prompt as a standalone prompt to help with your Vision Statement.

Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com PAUSE HERE Do NOT continue until you’ve completed this assignment: Feel free to post, ask questions, or request feedback in the Mentorship Group YOUR VISION STATEMENT > B&SW: 01 - MY BUSINESS

LET’S NAME YOURBUSINESS! 2 STEP Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

WHAT’S IN A NAME? While this is not a decision that will “make” your business (i.e. there’s more than one right choice), it most definitely can break it. Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

USING YOURNAME Works. Builds trust faster. Great for personal brands. Easier to start solo. Clients expect YOU. Harder to scale. Tough to sell or transition. Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Jose Villa (fine-art wedding) India Earl (elopement/wedding) Elena S. Blair (newborn/family) Dani Diamond (commercial portraits) Sue Bryce (fine-art portraits) Jen Rozenbaum (boudoir) YOUR NAME

USING A FICTITIOUS NAME More scalable. Selling a brand experience. Better long-term flexibility. Can feel less personal. Needs more brand development/differentiation. Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Wild & Rooted The Untamed Lens Oak & Ember Studios Velvet Light Co. Honey & Hustle Still & Seen FICTITIOUS NAME

BUSINESSNAMEGENERATOR 2 STEP Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Knowing what you now know about my business, dream client, Clarified Message and Vision Statement. I want your help creating a fictitious name for my business. The name should: Not be a name that’s likely already used Appeal emotionally to my dream client Be brandable and easy to remember Avoid being too trendy or difficult to spell Be flexible enough to grow with the business Reflect the tone and values in my clarified message Please give me a mix of evocative, poetic, modern, and studio-style names—with a brief explanation of the tone or concept behind each suggestion. Make it yours. Test against the checklist. Then complete your Business Name. AI-PROMPT IDEAL: Continue the same AI conversation with this name prompt.

Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com You are a world-class business coach that helps photographers create businesses that resonate with their target audience. I need a name for my photography business which is in the [NICHE] space. The name should: Not be a name that’s likely already used Appeal emotionally to my dream client Be brandable and easy to remember Avoid being too trendy or difficult to spell Be flexible enough to grow with the business Reflect the tone and values in my clarified message If you need more information about my business, please go ahead and ask me that now. Once you have the information you need, go ahead and create 10-15 name variations. Make it yours. Test against the checklist. Then complete your Business Name. AI-PROMPT Use this prompt as a standalone prompt to help with your business name.

BUSINESS NAMECHECKLIST Can your chosen name satisfy ALL or MOST of the following criteria Y E S Y E S Y E S N O N O N O 2. Is your name easy for clients to remember and recall? 3. Does your name convey what you do? (optional) 2. Can you claim matching social media handles? (IG/FB/TT) 1. Does the name speak to your dream client? 1. Is the .com (or a suitable domain) available? 1. Does the name mean something to you? (if fictitious) 3. Is the name already in use by another photographer? TARGET AUDIENCE PRACTICALITY PERSONAL CONNECTION Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com PAUSE HERE Do NOT continue until you’ve completed this assignment: Feel free to post, ask questions, or request feedback in the Mentorship Group MY BUSINESS NAME > B&SW: 01 - MY BUSINESS

LEVEL-UPYOUR AITOOLKIT PT. 2 2 STEP Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

LOOKING BACK... You’ve essentially just coded (using language) your first basic AI app, you just need to save it! Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com 

AIPROMPTTRAINER PT. 2 2 STEP Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com OK, I’m done with our conversation here. Knowing what you know now about my business, and target market. I’d like you to create a set of instructions that will aid you in acting as my marketing and brand strategist. From time to time, I’m going to ask you questions about the direction of my business. I want you to be able to utilize what you’ve learned here about my business and pair it with your expert research to help me know what to do in my business. Whatever guidance you give me should be concrete, tactical, and highly likely to succeed. Can you go ahead and generate those instructons now? P.S. This is the exact same process for creating a Custom GPT - Which is just more in depth when it comes to training. AI-PROMPT We end the project by creating a set of instructions to guide future behavior.

+ INSTRUCTIONS Go ahead and add the instructions now to your project to aid all future conversations. You can name this project whatever you like, create as many as you want. When you have something you love, refine it and turn it into a Custom GPT (then test it). Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com PAUSE HERE Well done! This is how I want you to use AI as a tool moving forward. Feel free to post, ask questions, or request feedback in the Mentorship Group