let's say you're serving families, and most of the families that hire you, you're doing like generational family portraits, right? So most of the time you're being hired by someone that's in their 40s, and you're working with like a grandparent, and you also have a child in the scene, right? But let's say the person hiring you is in their 40s, it's a mom or a dad. Then that kind of needs to be representative of what I'm showcasing in my portfolio, right? That demographic information ties directly to who I'm showing. If I show images of just children,

And it doesn't speak to the person that's necessarily hiring me. Oh, I want a generational portraits. And the same thing goes for like boudoir. Like oftentimes I'll see, and well, the same thing goes for every niche. But I wanted to specifically speak to boudoir because oftentimes what I see is someone says they want to create a boudoir business. So what they do is they go about doing model shoots and test shoots with 20 year olds. And 20 year old models or 20 year old people that they're paying or doing free shoots with. And they've created this portfolio and the images might look fantastic, but they don't.

with the actual people that are hiring. The actual people that are hiring is maybe someone in their 30s, maybe someone in their 40s, maybe in their 50s. Someone that doesn't look like they have the perfect figure. Someone that doesn't, their full-time job is not being a model. And so if you create a portfolio that is only this one thing, and then you start marketing it, and the people that are looking at your site, they can't see themselves in your work, then there's an immediate disconnect. They're gonna go, well, I'd love to get images like this, but I don't look like that, so I can't do this. Hi.

I can't take boudoir photos. That is such a prevalent thing in boudoir, but it's across the board for every other niche and genre. If you are trying to market to young, you know, 20 year olds that want adventurous photos for their, for weddings, and you're, you're pulling people into model, like you, you do a testing, like you want to do a test shoot, whatever it is. And you grab people that are in their forties because you know them, that doesn't help you because it doesn't tie to the people that you're trying to speak to. So demographic information.

is important, mostly in the area of making sure that our actual portfolio, the people that we're showcasing on our website, throughout our social media, that it actually resonates with the type of people that we're looking to get to hire us. That's where it's really applicable. Okay, let me jump back to this for one second. So I'm giving you the first AI prompt. And what I've said here is using your favorite AI, use this series of prompts. So what we're going to do now is actually train our AI as we go, okay?

And what I've also done is, actually, we're just gonna use the, let's just use the ongoing one, okay? So let's grab this, all right? And we're gonna go back to our chat GPT. This is where we started that prompt, right? That we're creating for our client avatar. So what I'm gonna do is go ahead and drop this in. And then let's go ahead and pick a niche that we'd like to target. So let's do, I wanna give it some.

something unique, so let's say I'm an elopement photographer based in, I don't know, let's go London. And I want to better understand my client avatar, please analyze my niche, okay, please include typical gender, perfect. Let's say elopement slash destination photographer, and we're gonna press go. You're gonna insert whatever you have on your side, okay? Now, what this is gonna do is, this is gonna start.

giving me specifically demographic data. So here's the demographic profile. The typical age range is 28 to 38. Secondary might be a little bit younger, more adventurous couples that are on a budget. And then it gives you another secondary like 39 to 45. They're second marriages or older professionals that are loping for intimacy, right? This gives me such a beautiful target. So even if I don't know myself, then I can start looking at this and going, okay, well, predominantly it's women that are gonna be 80% of inquiries are from women. Okay, I need the website to resonate with them.

Ethnicity is predominantly white British, but also includes Western European, Asian British, North American clients, relationship status, place of residence, level of education, all of that. It's gonna give you the average household income, which is between 70, 100,000, 50, or 150,000 pounds. Okay, perfect. So from this, you should get enough good information to start filling in all the demographic information. And especially, this is even more the case if you have some experience in the area. I love.

it when you have existing experience that you can kind of tie this together with because you can use your own experience to kind of refine a little bit but even if you're like we have some alumni that come in they're brand new they don't have enough clients to even even have an idea of who their ideal client is if that's you that's okay you're going to use this research bit to kind of help you bridge that gap to help you understand who it is that we're looking for so what I want you to do is go ahead and with that understanding and if you want to ask additional questions um

It's even asking next, do you want to like, hold on, I want to, I want to, I want to give you the next prompt, but it's asking what we want to do next. You could continue the conversation if you want more, but I find that this will usually give you enough right here. Okay. So let's jump back over here to the slide. Once you have that, now we're going to go to psychographics. So this is step two, again, knowing that we like to purchase from brands and people that we connect with. We want to know, can your target audience, can they relate to your personality and interests? The.

things that you believe and value, what your business represents, your interests, your passions, your principles, opinions, your turnoffs and dislikes, all of these things fit under psychographics. Which means, if you are somebody who is basically like, I would consider myself very politically neutral and very neutral towards almost like any sort of belief system. So whether it's religious belief, whether it's, I don't really care. I will serve, as long as a person is a kind person, I do not care what their pronoun.

are, I don't care what religion they belong to, I don't care what politics they fall into, that's me. So what I want to do is create a brand that suits that, that I'm looking for just genuinely good people, that's my focus right. But if for example you're a person who can't stand when people are of a different political ideal than you or a different, it doesn't even matter, a different set of beliefs or values than you have, if that is something that is a pet peeve, then by all

means we should build that into this process so that we push away the people that do not want that we don't want to be working with essentially and bring in the people that we do want to be working with okay this is a very powerful aspect of this but this is psychographics so what we're gonna do is continue and now this is where we get to our prompt chaining okay so now what we're gonna do is we're gonna continue with a psychographic prompt so I'm gonna go ahead and grab this and we're gonna jump back and this is where again you could do this

just a regular chat if you don't have the project created, but I'm gonna go ahead and drop this in. I said, now let's move to the second step, focusing on the same target dream plan from step one, help me understand their psychographic profile, okay? Core values, this one we don't need to have, like we don't need to do anything. We're just gonna go ahead and press go. So what we're doing now with prompt chaining is we're basically just using the existing information and the existing conversation and we're diving deeper into it. I like separating things out. You can write an incredibly long prompt. I don't.

like doing that because I tend to find that I get much better results when I write a shorter prompt that's focused on one area, then I ask any follow-up questions, then I ask another provided another prompt and continue with it. I tend to get better results that way. So now it goes okay well the core values and beliefs. Check this out. Authenticity over tradition. They reject cookie cutter weddings and societal expectations in favor of meaningful personal experiences. That's interesting. Connection is everything.

They prioritize deep relationships, freedom, intentionality. So from this, we immediately start going, man, I could build so much of this just into my clarified message, couldn't I? I could say for clients, for couples who love adventure, authenticity and connection over tradition. I have a clarified message already for my elopement brand for couples who love adventure, authenticity and connection over tradition.

That's it and that's now all I would need to show in the images that I create and I would continue building around that but let's not get ahead of ourselves. I just want to give you ideas. It gives us personality traits, their free spirit, their creative emotionally aware. I can already see the example images popping to my head of what I need to show. They enjoy things like traveling and hiking, slow living, design, local culture and they probably appreciate if I gave them tips on like where to go while they're in town, right? They appreciate sustainability, minimalism, vintage aesthetics, emotion.

emotions and sentiments, man, all of this, it just, it helps me to understand exactly who I'm speaking to. It gives me their pet peeves, their dislikes and frustrations. Overly posed, stiff or generic images. Couldn't I create a piece of content that's like, you hate overly posed images. Let me show you something different. You're in England, you're doing this, you're on vacation, instead of this, try this, right? It tells me exactly how to speak to these individuals. It gets me fired up, I absolutely love this. Catherine.