Okay, time to craft the clarified message. Now, this is the place where, as I'm kind of reorganizing the material where I'm like, yeah, now we have what we need to get the clarified message. We have the market research. We have a good understanding of where we're going. We have our avatar and a good understanding of what communicates to them, what speaks to them. Now we can craft that clarified message. So, one simple sentence that tells your audience what you do, who you serve, why you're different. That's a clarified message. Examples of this on the wedding side. I kind of gave you one in that last lesson where it was like, well, let's tie it directly to the Lopmin photography. And we tied it directly to what was.

coming through in terms of our client's values and emotional needs, right? But here's other examples. So intimate, heartfelt wedding images for couples that appreciate modern minimalism. Bold and vibrant imagery for couples who live a life of bold and vibrant adventures. But what if I'm not a wedding photographer? Well, here's portrait examples. Family portraits for moms and dads that love their families in perfectly perfect moments. Intimate, heartfelt family portraits for families who value authenticity. Bold family photographs for families who love to color outside the lines. All of these work, right? Fine art portraits that capture your furry family member's character. Okay, boudoir. We can literally go through and spend hours here just talking about all the different ideas for clarified messages.

Beautiful part about this is rather than like just keep going over examples, I'm just gonna give you tools to create your own, okay? But what I want you to understand is that the clarified message is the simplest form of compass for basically your ongoing guidance, okay? It's gonna guide your website design and branding. It's gonna guide your website copy and messaging, your portfolio and image selection, your online and social media presence. All of it is guided by this clarified message as a compass. And like I said, the backbone to that compass is that description of your audience avatar. Well, it's really your audience avatar, but the short description is the best way to look at it just in a quick overview, right?

So let's go to actually figuring out how to get this clarified message. Okay. So once again, simple sentence, eight to 12 words, um, tells your audience, those three pieces. It should represent who you are and what you value personally in your business. And I'm giving you an AI prompt. I also included the old prompt here. And anytime I say like, use this as a standalone prompt, this goes back to kind of the level three prompts that were in the previous version. If you're not continuing a conversation, you'd use this prompt because this prompt is going to give it context. It's going to give it information. You're going to spell out more. What is my heart audience? What are my services? What are my clients? Most value.

so you got to give it the context the information you give it the role everything this would be using this if you want to use a standalone but i i'd really like for you guys to move away from that and start using more prompt chains and then ongoing conversations and i'm going to show you as we get to the end of this module we'll save it out so you'll have your first one and then you can create more on your own okay so we're going to use instead is this one the ideal we continue this dream client ai conversation with this prompt so let's grab this and this is what i mean is if we were to build all of this into a single prompt i find that the answers tend to get um well let me let me drop this in here

this in and while this is coming up I'll give it to you. So whenever I use a single prompt that's like 10 pages long, I find that the amount of time and answer that I get from the AI is generally pretty similar each time. So if I give it a 10 page long prompt, what it does is it gives me answers for everything but then it tends to be not as in-depth in each area. What I like doing is these shorter prompts that allow all of its time to go towards focusing on very specific things. So when it gives me something back, it's very specific, it's very in-depth. And so here we go.

People who crave meaning, not performance. Art for storytelling for wildly in love, non-traditional souls. Feel every moment, not just remember it. Photography that honors who you are, not how you pose. So this has given me clarified messages specifically for London-based elopement destination wedding photography brand. Align with your dream client values and emotions. Guided, not staged. Natural, not stiff. Always for you. Now, I still like the one that we came up with, and if you want, you can give it more specific. Like, what if we include the word couples, so people know we're speaking to wedding couples, or people in love, okay?

we can give it additional guidance great call adding the word couples helps immediately anchor the messaging to your niche for couples who crave meaning over tradition so it even like kind of went to one of those things that we came up with right for couples who value connection more than okay so i could even say how about this what do you think about this one couples who value adventure authenticity and connection over tradition that's a strong and aligned message it hits the emotional tone perfectly for your isle donna's here's why it works minor optional

tweaks if you'd like. For couples who choose adventure, I like that. I actually value adventure, I like choose. For couples who choose adventure, authenticity, and connection over truism, I like the choose one. It's a little more, like I said, active, intentional. I love that. For couples who crave connection, not convention, I think it's too short. So I dig this. So I might say, okay, let's lock this in. Now it knows, okay, that's gonna be my clarified message. Locked in, perfect. So this is how we go about crafting our clarified message, okay, is we're gonna take the ideas that it gives us, we're gonna play with it, we're gonna reword it a bit, and then we're gonna complete it.

to get to our clarified message. And as always, if you have questions about it, just feel free to post it into the group. We can offer feedback, but you'll get so many great ideas directly from this. And what we're gonna do at this point is you're gonna go back to, I think it labels it right here. So brand and strategy workbook, it's tab one, my business. So we go to tab one, which is my business. And if you're, let me just see if you're seeing it on my side. I think it might be cut off on the bottom. So just a reminder for those of you that are looking at the brand strategy workbook. If I scroll on this up, at the bottom you have the different tabs right here. So here's my business. And you're just gonna go right down to clarified message, which is.

under step two of the program, and you're gonna drop it in right here. One quick note is in version two, I am making updates to the workbook, okay? We're gonna do those updates like as we go. So the easiest way for you to pull those updates into yours, just pull up the Brandon Strategy Workbook template. The link will always stay the same to this template. And you're gonna go to whatever tab has been updated and click right here under the arrow, go copy to, and you're gonna say existing spreadsheet. This is where you point it to your existing Brandon Strategy spreadsheet. So like I have a test one that I have set up just for this. So you just click that one, and it's gonna copy it and insert it right into that. We click open.

and where it shows up is right at the end. So it goes copy of my business. So it's not gonna rewrite anything you have, but what you wanna do is if you already have a zero one my business tab with information in it, go ahead and copy the information from that tab over to this one. And then what I would do is delete the old tab. So you just delete it by clicking here, go to delete, okay, and then you can click here and you can go rename and you can just drop the copy of and just put my business. And then your new sheet will essentially take the place of your old sheet. You can also move these around because it'll put it at the end of the workbook. So you'll likely need to just click and drag it to kind of move it to where you'd like in your workbook.

But go ahead now and complete out the clarified message and then we'll jump into the next lesson. Oh one more thing I forgot to mention this. Think of a clarified message as something that you can tweak over time. So what I'm looking for here in your clarified message is not necessarily perfection where we're not going to make any adjustments in it going forward. What I'm looking for is direction. So direction over perfection. Think of it that way. Meaning like if I had I said you know for couples who value you know authenticity connection and this over tradition versus couples who choose I would say the choose is more of a like that's perfection right I'm trying to get it perfect.

but had I gone with value that would have been totally fine too. We want to go as soon as we have a good direction where we know who we're talking to we have something that speaks to them we have something that's enough there okay you don't need to sit here and dwell until it's just absolutely perfect you can do that over time what we don't want is we don't want your clarified message to just have broad shifts over time where it's like you go from for couples who are you know seeking like you go from elopement couples to basically like traditional wedding couples you go from like you know like say very classic kind of boudoir to like erotic couples boudoir like those are huge shifts in demographics that we don't want to do

in a clarified message but making little refinements in that is something that we expect to do over time so when you have direction that's enough to move forward you don't need perfection okay all right with that let's go ahead and wrap up this lesson