Okay, we're gonna hit another mindset hurdle right now. There is this fear or self-doubt. Something that I hear often is kind of this idea of like what if the other person takes control of the conversation? What if they just wanna know about my price? What if they don't give me the space to talk about their values? What if I lose control, okay? This is what I wanna address in this lesson right here and the first concept that we're gonna do to discuss this

the idea of frames, okay? Frames is, think of the word frame as a, well, I'm gonna describe what it is. It's just a word that people have assigned to kind of describe this idea of having control within a specific situation, okay? So what we're talking about is frame control. Now, I don't know if there's, I'm sure there's a million other terms for this, but in sales, it's often referred to as frame control. And the place where, I remember.

learning about frame control was actually from Oren Kloff. He wrote this book I think it's called Pitch Anything and in it he talks about this example of the French waiter. Okay and the idea there's this part in the book where basically if you imagine Oren kind of goes into a fancy restaurant there's this French waiter there and Oren asks for a particular wine he's like oh I'd like to to have this kind of wine it's not on the menu but is this something that you offer right and the waiter responds with something like

No, monsieur, I need to do this in a French accent. Okay, no, monsieur, that is not possible. That is not what we do here. I will bring you something better. Was that, I think that was, that might've been more German, let's be honest. I'd like you to tell me. Maybe you can jump in the group and let me know. Anyway, we know it was terrible. But look, imagine the waiter basically saying that to you, right? And it's kind of, if you take it out of context, it's kind of offensive almost, right? I mean, you're the customer.

and here's this person saying like no that's not possible when we're told like okay we should be saying yes always to our clients and here's this person saying no that's not possible that's not what we do here yet in the context of that restaurant and with that waiters authority or was like I was totally okay with it in fact I kind of welcomed it because this person's the expert and they're gonna guide me to something better this is the idea or the concept of frame control

What's really interesting about these frames is that inside of that restaurant, right, the French waiter would have all of this authority, all this power, his knowledge of all the different wines and the different pairings, it matters, it's meaningful. He has authority in that space. But if you take the person outside of this space, then their authority is meaningless. Like, who cares? If I go to, you know, if I'm talking to...

a high school athlete, would he at all care that I am a Somalier and that I know all these different wine pairings? No. If I'm speaking in front of a group of people that want to learn business, does the French waiter's experience hold any water whatsoever? No. So inside of specific areas, you can have frame control, you can have authority, and then outside of those spaces, you really have none, right? And that's the beauty of this concept of frame control.

is even if you think of yourself as well I'm not very extroverted, I actually tend to be more introverted and that's actually true for me, I am more introverted, but within certain spaces if I'm talking to somebody about marketing, if I'm talking to somebody about business, if I'm talking to somebody about photography, I personally, myself, I can be very outgoing and very extroverted because I have frame control, I have a certain level of authority in that space and so it gives me a level of confidence that I wouldn't normally

have otherwise, and I want you to think of yourself as that. Within the realm of photography, you are the authority. You have frame control, right? And that means that you have the ability to guide. You have the ability to basically maintain this frame by speaking less than the other person, by asking great questions, so you're kind of guiding the conversation, by listening intently, by using authority and warmth within that frame, within that authority, or sorry, within the frame control.

The reason why I say this, by the way, is because authority without warmth, you just come across like a dick, okay? If you have authority, but there's no warmth that comes along with it, you know, people have labels for that. You're not a nice person. So you're gonna be labeled that thing. So we need to make sure that there's always warmth with the authority. And then also you maintain this frame control by developing trust, you are their advocate. And that's exactly what the French waiter was doing in that situation. It wasn't that he was so much as saying like, you know.

that's a terrible choice, no I can't do that for you, he was saying like well that's not gonna be something that's possible, but look I I know best and I know exactly what you're gonna want, let me bring you something better, let's figure out what you're gonna eat, and then I'm gonna pair it with something that you'd very much enjoy, and you can do that exact same thing inside of the space of photography, okay, so this is the idea, the concept of frame control, so I know the question is like well but what essentially do you say when someone is fixated

when they just want the price right and the reason why we're discussing all of this the idea of frame control again goes back to that fear and that self-doubt of losing control so we go back to this well what if they just talk about the price just the price the price we keep it simple when someone has price on their mind think of it like a dog that's trying to get a bone right if you take that bone away the dog is going to get mad it's going to try to bite you so what we do is we give the dog the bone

And in this situation, I want you to give the human the bone, okay? They wanna talk about price, so I want you to simply give it to them. I like doing it in a way where I can say, look, I know figuring out price is something that's kind of frustrating. People probably tell you that they don't wanna talk prices until they walk you through this whole thing. Is that the experience you've had? And they're like, yes. And I go, okay, I'm gonna make this very simple for you. My prices start at this, and most of my clients are gonna spend around this on their.

package, but I'd love to learn more about what you specifically are looking for. And if I find that we're not a good fit, at least I might be able to help recommend somebody who is. So why don't we dive into this? Then when they agree with that statement, they're transferring back frame control to you. So each of those moments where you feel like somebody else is, uh, is kind of taking over a situation. They're basically trying to kind of take this frame control from.

They're trying to kind of take away your authority and what I want you to do is to reestablish it. In the case of price, we can't reestablish it by just saying, Oh, you know, wait a little bit. We'll talk about price in a bit. We can't do that. That's going to get them frustrated. It's going to be, it's an anti-consumer mentality to be like, I just asked you a question and you're refusing to answer my question. That's going to just lead to frustration. So we don't withhold. We simply give them that thing. And then we say, look, I'd love to continue.

and if they have an objection to it, they will let us know. If they say, oh, no, those prices are just way too high, they're gonna say something, right? But if they agree to continue, then that means, well, okay, I can wrap my head around those prices. Let's continue the conversation. And that's what we're gonna do to get back our frame control. Okay. The same concept, by the way, applies to when you're at, say, a shoot, whether it's a wedding, whether it's a senior portrait session, whether it's maternity.

and your client might be freaking out about something. And just a little story for you guys. I remember, this is one of my early weddings that I was at. And I remember seeing it for the first time, my mentor did it, and then I remember it happening to me, and I literally responded the way that my mentor did. But I'll tell you about the mentor situation, right? This is one of the first high-end weddings that I'd photographed. I was third shooting for my mentor, John Solano, and a groom's...

No, it was the bride's father came out and said something along the lines and, and forgive my language, he says, uh, John, what the fuck are you doing? I'm not paying you to sit here and just take photos of everybody. That's the weirdest thing to say, right? Because you literally are paying him to take photos of everybody. But apparently in the dad's mind, he was taking too long with the bride and the groom and the family stuff. And so he comes out and he's upset and he says this, right? And John goes, Oh, dad, don't even.

worry about this. Like, I'm gonna be done in just a minute. I want you to go and relax. And I thought that was so interesting because dad did, he kind of like relaxed and then went and had a drink and just kind of came back and he was buddy-buddy with John the entire night. And I was like, that's fascinating. I'm gonna use this myself and I have. I had a situation that almost mirrored his several years later and I did the exact same thing. It was with a mother in that case and it worked so beautifully.

So anytime we're in a situation like this, we reassure and then we reestablish the frame control, right? So in my case, it's kind of like the mom was freaking out because I wasn't taking the right detail shots. I've had multiple freak outs, but one of the ones that's popping in my head was I wasn't taking the right sort of shoe shots, the right detail shots for her because I had placed the shoe shots on like a box and she's like, I want them surrounded by nature and all of that. And she was.

wigging out and I said, mom, I want you to relax. I don't want you to stress out, but I think that's a fantastic idea. So what I'm gonna do is go capture that and I'm gonna shoot a lot of images that are actually gonna be surrounded by nature as well. And I'll come and show it to you, but I want you to be present. I want you to be happy, to be engaged. That's what you're actually gonna remember today, okay? Can you promise me that? And she's like, yes, Pi, I'm gonna relax. And then I brought her the photograph a little bit later where I created some detail shots that kind of use a little more of the florals and those things. She's like.

that's beautiful, that's amazing, thank you so much, you're the best. So this idea of frame control works in any one of these situations where you can display authority but also warmth. Anytime you feel like you're losing control, we're going to come back to this space. Okay, now one of the comments as we are kind of recording this is, well what if a person does say that it's out of their price range, right? So like we talked about this, give the dog their bone. Like I said, if they have an objection to the price, then that's fine.

Like if they say, oh, that is way too far out of my price range, where we go from here kind of depends on what the objection is, right? If their objection, let's say that my prices start at $3,000 and most of my clients spend around seven. And then they come back with the objection of like, oh, I thought this was gonna cost me like $1,000. They are so far underqualified that at that point, I'm simply gonna say, oh, you know what? Not a big deal. Sometimes, you know.

People don't know our prices when they reach out. But if at any point, you know, that changes, just let me know and I'd love to help you out further, okay? So just give them a bit of ideas, a bit of guidance. Well, you can literally close the conversation or you could also say, you know, in that price range, I might suggest this. And sometimes I'll say that, like, you know, in that price range, I might suggest that you jump onto Facebook, look for somebody that does good work, but they're kind of not established yet. And you might be able to kind of sneak a deal in there. But yeah, that's a bit below.

where we'd be looking at. Now that's if they're way way underpriced right? If they say okay I was kind of thinking around something around the four to five thousand dollar range, I would say you know that's fantastic. Why don't we keep talking to actually figure out what it is you're looking for? We can come up with a complete price and you know even if you decide not to continue with me, I'd like you to be able to go and make these comparisons with all of the information at hand. Okay a lot of times we think we're comparing apples to apples when we look at photography and we're really really we're comparing

apples to oranges, how does that sound? Can we continue with this? And then you just continue the conversation. So depending on how underqualified they might be, a lot of people that are in the, you know, if they thought of, uh, it's going to be their initial budget with three or 4,000, a lot of people will double their budget if you can give them what they want, right? So, but if it's like five times what they budgeted, if it's like 10 times what they were budgeting, that's where I kind of just close the conversation off. Okay. So.

This is how we can come back to this fear or self-doubt of what if we lose control, okay? Now, I know you might be thinking like, well, what if this doesn't work, right? How do I create the right space, a safe space for this emotional sail? It'll work. If you're conveying authority with warmth, it works. And in the cases where, I've literally not had a case where this doesn't work, but I would say this, if someone's going to be that rude to you, if they're gonna just shut you down when you're trying to kind of guide them and move them.

forward, it's not a good fit anyway. It's not the type of client that you'd wanna be working with. So they're gonna reveal a lot about themselves in this process, but I will tell you, it works. Authority with warmth, it'll work each and every time, okay? 99% of the time, it works every time. All right, so let me just take a look and see if there's any other questions here that popped up. Do we refer to the mom of the, oh yes, Catherine asked, do we refer to the mom of the bride as mom? I don't see any.

issue with that, but I do actually learn, like usually when I first arrive, I call mom, mom, I call dad, dad, and then I ask them, tell me your names, and then I refer to their names afterwards. I much prefer that versus going throughout the day just calling them mom and dad. Okay, I think we covered the price stuff, so let's go now, so the mistakes we've addressed, when we fail to create the right emotional space for the sale, we've also failed in these other steps. We fail to understand what we're selling, we fail to understand their needs, their values, we fail to help them know.

that we're their advocate and we failed to establish value these are all things that we've we've solved at this point okay but remembering good sales is good curiosity one of the best ways to take your frame control back is by simply asking more questions okay so after somebody brings up some sort of an objection after somebody tries to steer the conversation a certain way it's okay to ask a question around that

Um, usually what I'll try to do is kind of like guide back to where I want to go. But in a certain case, if someone like continues to hammer price, after I've just mentioned the price, I would say, it sounds like price is a, as a major concern for you, um, tell me what, what's kind of on your mind there. Right. And then once they share what's on their mind, cause I already gave them a starting point. I already gave them like, say the, what clients typically spend. And they're like, but I want to know what it's going to cost. This very rarely happens by the way. So,

So I think a lot of times these fears in our heads, they're for these one-off scenarios that are so rare, but on occasion, they might happen. So first, don't worry about them so much. Second, when it does happen, I would say, well, it sounds like you're really fixated on price. Can you tell me a little bit more about that? And then they might say whatever they're gonna say, and I'll say, okay, I'm honestly not trying to withhold anything, but trying to give you the price right now without knowing what you're actually looking for is kind of a lot like you walking into a car dealership saying, I wanna buy a car, tell me how much.

and me going, well, what kind of car do you want? That's what we're here to figure out, is like, what kind of photography service are we creating here? I know it's wedding photography, or whatever your genre might be. I know it's maternity photography, but what exactly are we trying to create? That's what I wanna get to, and then from there, I can guide you into the perfect fit. Does that make you a little more comfortable? Can we continue? And then you get the permission again and keep moving forward. But this idea of slowing.

down, talking less. Remember the 80-20 rule, where 20%, like I want you to basically use your 20%, 20% is you speaking, right? And in that 20%, you're generally guiding the conversation with good questions, with acknowledgments, and you're listening 80% of the time. That's kind of the rule I generally want you to follow in these situations, or in really any sales situation. Honestly, this works for like any human situation too. You are in an argument with your partner, 20-80 rule.

It works totally, like ask questions, try to understand what's going on, let them do the talking if they are upset, and yes, that works. So look, you're here getting business guidance. We're gonna make you a better person across the board. All right, so let's go ahead and go to this next step. This, these, maybe you're wondering why I have you do these things. There's something that happens when you physically commit to something. Now, if you'd like to keep all your commitments in a little book.

by all means, but I want you to physically acknowledge this. I don't want you just to digitally sign this. Like, please don't load this into Adobe PDF and be like, I'm gonna digitally sign this. That's meaningless. What I want you to do is if you're gonna commit to this, commit to it in some sort of a way. If you don't wanna print the page, that's fine. Write out the statement and actually sign it, okay? But those things are meaningful because it's the physical process, the physical act that helps not only ingrain it in your mind, but actually creates something for you to commit to and an idea.

to remember. So your commitment here is to stop talking, to use the 80-20 rule and to exercise good curiosity and to remember this concept of frame control. The idea that you have the authority to guide the conversation where you want it to go and the person that actually stays quiet and asks good questions, they're the ones in control of the conversation. It's not the person that's talking the most. It's the person that's asking good questions and allowing the other person to speak. It's the person that's guiding this situation.

conversation. Okay, let's jump on to the next lesson.