is your follow link. You can create a few of those over the course of a year and that's very, very valuable, okay? So again, I'm giving you a prompt just to help you find any educational websites that offer the ability to have outside contributors. So this will give you ideas on where you can go, but Fstoppers and Pedapixel are two great places that are,

I allow that. Okay, then you have free directories. These are mainly going to be for local SEO and so what I'm talking about here like Yelp and and I gave you some links so if you actually click in the workbook directorist and orbit local they give you really good online local business listings that are you

usually free to list in, so generally don't pay for these listings, but they're free to list in, and it can help you with local SEO, which is beneficial. So this is good from that standpoint. I'd say it's not a great place for backlinks, for authority. It's just one of those, you might wanna do these just for local SEO, okay? Local search.

Seven is paid directories. So premium directories will have an SEO benefit as long as they tell you that they're offering do follow links. But my thought on this is you can join some of these premium directories. I still feel like I wouldn't pay for a premium directory unless there was a secondary person.

purpose in it. So, for example, with Wedding Maps or with Fearless, these are directories, but they're also awards platforms, right? So we're not joining them just to have our name listed. We're joining them for the opportunity to be featured, to earn awards. There's a purpose to them. So I don't mind paid directories that are giving

follow links, but I want to recommend that there's always another reason to be there. It's not just, it's not just you're paying for a link back essentially, okay. And number eight, this one I have, this is probably the most valuable and it's probably the most valuable way to do this. It's just also probably one of the more difficult.

difficult ones. You have to be good at creating valuable content. So you're learning this through the program I'm teaching you guys how to create resources but the better your resources become, the more shareable your content, the more likely you're going to have people linking to you naturally. Like if you've got a really great guide that helps people plan their wedding timeline.

it's very likely that planners, if it's good, they might actually reference it. Oh, this photographer has a really great timeline builder from a photography standpoint. You should check that out, right? Especially people that are in your network. If you tell them, like, look, I've got a great tool that can help you in this area to answer frequently asked questions that you have with your photographer.

your client, that's fantastic. Let me quickly zoom in and out to center this back up. Perfect. Okay, so this is another way that naturally as you create articles, as you create resources on your website, if they're good, it's a great way to get backlinks because people will naturally start sharing them. They're gonna find the information meaningful to them, okay?

All right, but that one will come with time. Again, last reminder, most of your backlinks should be built in the natural process of running your business. And one backlink from a reputable, relevant website a month, that is big. If you can't get one a month, one every other month. If you end up with.

three in a year, that's okay. But let's just make this a natural part of building our business. Let's not focus time here. And let's make sure that what we do get is relevant and they're quality backlinks that are coming into us. Okay. For context, Tom has been doing this. You guys should ask his thoughts on this. Cause he made.

a huge dent in his number of views and reach with just a little, like it was a few months worth of time spent on SEO, on resources and articles and developing a few relationships and all of a sudden he's showing up in the top of search. It does not take a lot to get there, okay? Cool beans.

We're done with this lesson. Let's jump to the next. Okay, start requesting reviews. This is big on a number of levels. Okay, why do we want to request reviews? Well, obviously we have the social proof aspect. Each one of these reviews are features that you can put on your website, but reviews also have local.

direct and indirect SEO benefits, including AI search. What does that mean? That means if someone uses AI or general search to look up wedding photographers, part of what a search engine is doing or an AI search is doing is also looking at, hey, can I find information from Yelp or from other places?

How many positive reviews do they have? That does become a factor in the process. So let's start building reviews and positive reviews with every single shoot that we go out on. Even if it's an unpaid shoot, I don't care. They paid, they didn't pay, let's get reviews, okay? These are very beneficial on all levels. From a local level, when someone...

goes into Yelp and they, or into a directory and they type in a business name, that obviously has an impact, right? It impacts all of our purchase decisions. When we go and we see a restaurant that has four stars, I mean, when was the last time you went to a restaurant that had less than three stars, right? That's, unless it's a fast food chain that you know of, that's pretty much guaranteed. If they have less than three stars, we're not going.

okay so those reviews have a very real impact on local search then direct google search like i said they're going to be looking at these reviews to see like well do you have a significant amount of reviews are they positive are there recent reviews is it on topic what are the this is when we go to like

indirect SEO benefits. This is like AI reputation summaries. AI will actually pull up a reputation summary when it comes to recommending businesses or recommending any websites. It'll pull up reputation summaries, which again, factors in your reviews. All of these things make a huge difference. We all click on businesses.

that have positive reviews and recent reviews versus ones that have less or that have reviews that aren't so recent. So they're valuable from every single side. So after every single shoot, again, I don't care if it was family, I don't care if it was a friend, I don't care if it's a test shoot, I don't care if it's a client shoot.

If it's a paid shoot, after every single shoot, you're gonna request that they submit a review and obviously making sure that before you ask, they had a good experience, right? So if they didn't have a good experience, if they're complaining, don't be like, hey, once we get this complaint resolved, I'd love for you to give me a review. That's just like asking for trouble. Let's not do that. So.

Ideally, make the request at the emotional high. Now, I gave you an email template for this. I would say it's more of like use the text or the conversational template. I don't prefer this via email. So let's go to where it is. Client review request. Okay, so this is text or phone. It was my honor.

I'm stoked, again, use your language, whatever. This is what you could say in an email. Do I want you to? If you've been here a while, no, no. I do not want you to write this. This is like last resort, send it in an email, okay? The reason why is an email is easily forgotten. There's no sense of urgency to it.

but there's no nothing, it doesn't feel as personal. What I want you to do is, ideally you make the request at the emotional high. So if you're doing a reveal, for example, then you say, at the end of the reveal, you say, I'm so glad you guys loved this session. It would mean the world to me if you would leave a review and you give them the specific site you want them to go to.

Don't say, leave a review on Google and Yelp. Give them one. Don't request it in multiple sources. But do it at the emotional high. If they're texting you about the images and how much they love them, send them a text and say, that means so much to me. It would mean the world if you would leave me a review on Google, okay? And remember that

you cannot incentivize it. If that ever gets back, just don't put yourself in that situation. All these platforms, they have very stringent rules on incentivization. And you might think it's not a big deal to incentivize, but as soon as you get one person that might be unhappy and they find out that you incentivize,

One unhappy person can often go to a number of lengths to try to hurt you, and that's one way they can do it is by telling people that, oh, they tried to get me to leave a positive review. Okay, so let's make sure they're happy, make sure that they had a great experience, and at the emotional high, either on a phone call, text,

let's ask them for that review or in person as a last resort if you want to send an email fine but you're just not going to get that many responses from the email compared to the others and it's okay to send a follow-up i would kind of limit my follow-ups i would say it's okay to remind we all get busy we all forget things i would

I would just text somebody with a gentle reminder, and I usually would only send one. If it's not enough of a reminder to come and help me out, the relationship is probably not that strong. I don't wanna keep bothering them with another one, okay? But sending a reminder maybe after a week, after two weeks, that's not an issue.

If you want to send two you can stretch it. I'll let you make the call. I usually stop at one reminder. That's good enough. But these are really important. Let's get our reviews coming through. One really quick last note on the subject of reviews is if you are going to, I would recommend just prioritizing one platform for reviews.

reviews. As of right now I would just prioritize Google over say Yelp. If you're going to go for both that's fine and it's fine to allow like reviews to come in naturally just on some of these other platforms too but I think Google reviews are just more valuable. They tend to number one they tend to not get deleted or adjusted as much like Yelp can often filter out reviews.