link if it doesn't make sense that they link to each other okay if I have a website that is a pet photography business and I have a plumbing business and they're both linking to each other a search engine can very easily go you're dumb I can tell you have a relationship this is not a this is not a genuine link

But if I'm a pet photographer and I link to, this is one of my favorite places for grooming, and the grooming place says, this is one of my favorite photographers, that is a relevant relationship. So context matters. A search engine, again, AI is being built into every one of these functions, which is another reason that I don't want you to spend time.

are deliberately trying to trick anything, trying to game a system. I want you to understand the system is smarter than any one of us individually. They spend billions of dollars to make sure that these systems give good referrals and that they make good recommendations. So even if we can game them, being able to do that for a long period of time is virtually impossible.

Usually anything that we can do to game a system gets destroyed within a couple of months. They fix it, and then we get dinged for it because we tried to do that. So don't do this. Instead, let's just focus on creating relevant relationships and working this backlink building process as we go, okay?

Now the goods, so eight ways to build backlinks. You do not need to be doing all of these things. Again, I'm gonna give you so many warnings and heads up. This is, pick certain ways of doing this that are natural, that feel good to you, and that's it. Let's try to get one backlink a month. Listen.

If you get one backlink a month, you will be number one in Google by the end of the year. OK, so if you get three backlinks over the course of a year, that's still solid. One is a high reaching number. Don't stress about this. Let's just do it naturally and progress naturally. OK, so number one is venues. Every time you do a shoot at a.

venue this is mainly for like say wedding photographers maybe for event photographers you have to obviously your work has to be at a venue right but what you're going to do is create some awesome images and you're going to send them those images and ask for a link within a feature if they put up a blog post if they use the images you're going to ask for a link now i'm trying to

take most of the work off your hands here. So if you go into your brand and strategy workbook, okay, and you go to email templates, you'll find right here. So after the shoot, vendor and venue images.

right here so you send them a teaser and look please feel free to use the images that you see fit we kindly ask that you please tag and then your studio name when using social media if you'd like to use the image on the website i've also included a little html attribution link and what you want to do is is actually make this link so images by your studio name or wedding photography by this

or if you can put keywords into this, all the better, okay? Feel free to make this message your own, adjust it. This is not a template you have to like, you know, oh, I gotta follow exactly what this says. This is just a guide on what you would do after the shoot. Okay, so that's an easy way to build backlinks. Is every venue gonna do it? No.

but you'll get some and you'll get a decent number and again we don't need a ton of them to do it we just need a few of these okay number two vendors it's basically the exact same thing with every collaboration and this applies to any genre anytime you can collaborate with somebody else you can get them images encourage them to blog it and to link to you you could even

and teach them about why blogging is valuable, right? This is one of the things that we do with our planners, we do with our vendors, is we teach them like why these things are important, and then they'd go and do it, and then they create the backlinks. So again, the same brand strategy guide, this can be used for vendor or venue emails, okay?

Easy way. Number three, get published. So if you happen to be in the wedding or event space, you can use Too Bright Lights. It's kind of like a publishing platform specifically for wedding and events. If you're not, then I'm gonna give you an AI prompt for a bit of guidance, okay? So what you would do is just pop this into any AI. Let's just jump over to chat.

at GPT real quick and just pop this in. So if I said I'm a newborn photographer, so it's asking, I want to build my name credibility with SEO and the backlinks. So give me 10 different platforms of publications that would want images from my specific genre. And obviously you want to have.

have like follow linking, right? So look, National Association of Portrait and Child Photographers, the NAPCP. You have Bump, Baby, and Beyond Magazine. You have Tiny's Magazine. Now with each one of these, we wanna basically look at the submission process and we wanna make sure that they actually give backlinks. So look at one of their features and just make sure that they're actually.

sending do follow links, but you can get ideas in each of these spaces. Getting one of these, like if you're a newborn photographer, getting one of these relevant websites to feature your work, it's a big deal from a search perspective because most photographers never go this far, right? So getting one is actually quite powerful. Number four is

Awards, so awards do carry value and I'm gonna talk about this in a second. It's mainly for social proof, for marketing, potentially for SEO, which one I'm gonna talk about. That's the main factor there is when you find ones that do offer, do follow links, then it's like we kind of can actually.

Hit all these these birds with one stone, right? I'm gonna give you an example of them We actually created so my partner Chris created wedding maps Specifically for this reason to create an award system a platform where features actually were relevant now I always get on Chris about not marketing this enough and getting this out there more. But anyway, we have over

200 members on this platform that are like paying members that basically they submit images for the different features and then we get them backlinks, we get them features in other magazines. So not only do they get backlinks from wedding maps in general, but we also try to get them featured on other platforms to get even more backlinks.

Okay, so this is a directory that where an award and a feature can actually make a pretty significant impact, but don't join it if you're not a wedding photographer, it doesn't make any sense to do that, right? Another wedding photography focused platform that does do follow links is Fearless. So if you get a Fearless award, if you're featured in their collections, then that is helpful as well.

Well, just remember when you're featured in collections, you're featured amongst 80, 90, 100 other people or however many people win these awards. So it reduces the link juice a little bit, but still if you enjoy trying to go for these awards anyway, then this is a natural process that will help you to build website authority as well.

I gave you a prompt I'm a niche photographer looking for a place to earn awards where I can also get do follow SEO backlinks given my niche are there any platforms or directories that would meet this criteria pop this into search if you're looking for something in your space. Now on the subject of awards I do not and I'm going to repeat I do not want you to

Admit to awards if what you're looking for is validation. If what you want is validation, you wanna feel like you're good enough to do this, don't do it because you're wasting money. The validation that you're looking for, it has to come internally. No amount of awards is going to get you there. And even,

Even if you win, the awards are not going to create that validation and what happens is most likely you're not going to win and then you're going to be brought down even lower because you didn't. Do not go after these things for validation purposes. My opinion, and I know it's an unpopular one, but your clients

Your family and your bank account. That's all the validation you should need if you're doing right by our clients if you're supporting and and and Helping your family and if your bank account is growing that is literally all the validation you should ever need Go after their awards

because you go, okay, awards do something. They allow me to create social proof and these, what I call a faux marketing event. A faux marketing event is like, like featuring somebody on your Instagram and saying, hey, congratulations to so-and-so, we just collectively won this award. It gives you an excuse to talk about yourself, right? To talk about yourself, you're.

about your clients, and that's beautiful. Like, it's great. It's content, it's material, it's also social proof. So it's very valuable from that standpoint, and if you can link it also to platforms that are giving you SEO links, now you're getting two, three birds and one stone. Fantastic use of time, I love it. But chasing after this.

I hate it. I hate I hate I hate it and I and I feel like so many platforms are there just to make money off Of photographers insecurities and it bothers the shit out of me. Okay, please do not fall into this If you want to talk about it post in the group like we are a place to help lift and support each other You don't need

external validation from awards to do that. Okay, five is to write. So if you enjoy writing, you can actually write for industry publications, for educational websites that are within that topic of photography. Now, good general ones are places like fStoppers and Petapixel. We actually used to offer this. We switched kind of the business model.

several years back, so we don't do general photography education, we don't have writers that come in. But F-stopper still does. You can apply to be a writer for F-stoppers, you can write articles for PedoPixel, and literally in the article you just, you say, hey, at the end of the article you have your bio, I'm a newborn photographer, I'm a headshot photographer, I'm this,