Let's kick this off with reviewing SEO Made Simple. So SEO Made Simple was the first lesson when we hit marketing and the SEO material, right? What is SEO? And I kind of broke it down to two simple keys. Search and optimization basically has two components of it. One was keyword strategy, which is the category, the topic that we're speaking within. And the other is website authority or the relevance, okay? So to kind of review.

that concept we've basically been doing keyword strategy through this entire last few lessons and modules right we talked about first developing your primary keyword that's the one that that landed onto your home page and then we worked into kind of niche or these secondary keywords and we can have as many of those as we want right they go under different resources different topics things that people are searching for both of these things combined your primary keyword along with these niche keywords that is essentially

a keyword strategy. You already have that now. So we have this idea of what category we're trying to rank for right. All of that what all the work that we've done is determining category. Now the question is relevance or basically the authority. So once a search engine kind of knows okay this is the topic that you would like to speak about. So the search engine kind of looks at your website and goes okay this person is a new

born photographer, this person is a wedding photographer, this person does destination elopements, this person does commercial headshots. Once the search engine has an understanding of that, then it starts to rank, so when someone types in commercial headshots in Boston, it starts to rank you based on what it thinks your perceived authority is. So authority kind of dictates the way that you're gonna rank in a search engine. If you have a higher authority.

you're going to appear up top versus if you have lower authority on that topic, you're going to appear down lower, right? The fun part about all those niche keywords, when I was telling you like niche keywords is really where the money is at because these broad keywords, like say wedding photographer, I mean everybody is trying to keyword wedding photographer, right? This is a primary broad keyword. You might be going like this is a space where The Knot is trying to rank, WeddingWire is trying to rank.

other wedding photographers are trying to rank for that thing, and then if you narrow it down another step to, let's say, well, let's say we go for Salt Lake City wedding photographer, then we've narrowed the grouping quite a bit, right? But there's still gonna be, you know, three, four hundred other people trying to rank for Salt Lake City wedding photographer. I'm just guessing off the top of my head, but as we get to a niche, like favorite locations in favorite and...

engagement locations in Salt Lake City. Now we get to something where there's not that many people trying to rank for it. There might be a few others, two, maybe three, right? But there's not really that many people going for it. That's the beauty of the niche keywords. We can go for these niche topics, things that people are searching, and we really aren't competing with that many people that are trying to basically compete for that.

topic, okay? Someone mentioned the recording. I'm recording, it's on my side. Don't worry about it, don't stress. You guys are like blowing up the comments for those that are actually watching this live. For those that are in the lesson library, don't worry at all, this is being recorded. Anyway, going back to this, your niche keywords, those are gonna be things that are very easy to rank for. You don't need to have crazy authority to rank for those topics. If you're in an area where there's four or 500 other people competing for a keyword.

then your website authority needs to be pretty high for you to kind of float your way to the top, right? For you to basically be one of the first ones that are listed or on the first page of Google. But let's talk about what is website authority or specifically we know that it's the determination of ranking, but what really the search engine is trying to decide is like, well, what is the website and content quality? What does, the things that it's gonna use to determine that is gonna be, well, the actual design, that's gonna be the.

content itself, it's getting more and more sophisticated as things go, but it's gonna look at your internal linking, your site structure, it's gonna look at the domain age, it's gonna look at the speed of your website, it's gonna look at how long do people stay. If I serve this link to one of my, like if I'm a search engine and I recommend this website, how long does the person stay on the website? If they stay for a long time, that means that I serve them up something that's good, so that's gonna matter too.

And another huge factor on this is your number and quality of inbound links. This is what we call a backlink, okay? So when you hear me say backlink, it's basically the number of other websites that are linking to yours, okay? We'll talk more about that in just a moment, but these are kind of the main criteria that a search engine's gonna use to determine your authority in a space. All of these things matter. And we'll talk more about that in just a moment.

And again, the reason why it matters in a larger sense is because it not only affects general search visibility, so like if someone goes on to Google or Bing, nobody uses Bing, but if you use Bing, let's hop onto Facebook, type in Bing. Just put in Bing with no other words. I just wanna know if you actually use any other search. But anyway, not only does it affect general search, but it also affects AI search visibility as well. And here's the reason, is that.

AI search like if you look it up and you like there might be some people that would say like well backlinks and all this kind of stuff doesn't really matter when it comes to AI search right but it does indirectly even if it doesn't directly affect because AI search doesn't like you know they don't serve information based on backlinks but what it does is that when AI is indexing everything on the web they are prioritizing higher ranking sources okay so naturally if you

build with good SEO practices, all of this is gonna carry over into AI search, and that's what I wanna make sure you guys are building this foundation around, something that's gonna hold up for this next generation of search and marketing that we're gonna have to adapt to, which is AI search. So all of this is gonna tie into kind of your marketing strategy as we move forward. That's it for this lesson. So this was just about reviewing SEO, making it simple, understanding that we've already tackled keyword.

which is what you've done up until this point. And now we're really focusing on authority, okay? How do we build authority with our website? Let's jump to the next lesson.