Let's dive a little bit deeper in this idea. What is a backlink? We're gonna not only talk about the concept, but also what makes a backlink good versus not so great. So first, the idea of a backlink, we briefly touched on this. It's a link from another website to yours. And I want you to think of it, so rather than just think of it as a link, think about it from the search engine's perspective. Whether we're looking at a general search or an AI search, it doesn't matter. From a search engine's perspective, a backlink is kind of like a referral, right? It's basically one person that's saying, hey, this other person is doing.

some good work in this area, or this is worth taking a look at. It's a referral. So think of it that way. And with a referral, I like to kind of say we're passing some juice, right? When a friend says, hey, I just went to this great barber shop, you should check it out. They give a really good haircut. They're kind of giving some like, a little bit of like referral juice out, right? It's kind of like a little bit of energy, like oh, I really like what they do. And so the person that's hearing that goes, oh, if this person liked it, then maybe I should take a look at that barber shop. Maybe it's actually good. So from an SEO standpoint, every link that comes into our website, it's kind of passed.

a little bit of juice to us, okay? And also, when we link to even internal pages in our website, we're passing a little bit of that juice too because what we're really saying is, we're saying that whether it's internal, whether we're linking outwards, whether it's a link that's coming in, all of these links are saying, hey, this is something else that's worth taking a look at. If I link from my landing page to my about page, I'm telling a viewer this is something worth looking at and that at the same time is telling the search engine, this is something worth looking at. If I link to another website, I'm telling the viewer on my website as well as a search engine, hey, this other website.

is something worth looking at. And same thing with an inbound link that comes to us, right? So think of a little bit of juice being passed with every link that that is created on your website or just in general on the Internet. Unless, unless there is a nofollow attribute in the HTML link code. So whenever you create a link, if you're using a back-end software, if you're using Showit, if you're using WordPress, there will always be a little button or something that you can click to basically make it so that that link does not send link juice or it becomes a nofollow link, okay? Nofollow is like

It would be the equivalent of someone asking me, hey, do you know a barbershop? And I'm like, well, I know of a barbershop nearby, I don't know if they're good or not. That's what a nofollow link is, is you're not passing any of that link juice, you're not passing any of that authority, you're simply saying something there exists, I don't know if it's good or not. So the nofollow attribute you can always find by just looking at a link, you right click it, and if you see this relationship, it's rel equals nofollow, then that is a nofollow link, meaning you're not gonna get any SEO benefit from that link to your website, okay?

The key here to understand is that most platforms and directories are going to give nofollow links. So like on Instagram, if you put your website link into your profile, that's not a link that counts towards your SEO for anything. On Facebook, if you get a link that links out to your website, that link is not indexed, or it could be indexed, but it's going to be a nofollow relationship. Most directories, most platforms, unless you're specifically paying for them, or unless they specifically tell you this is a dofollow link, there are going to be nofollow links. So just kind of understand that, putting your links into these different profiles.

profiles into Yelp and all these different places, that's not doing anything for your general SEO authority or your ranking. It can help you in terms of your local SEO. Local SEO is like if you're on Yelp and you put in your information and if someone types in photographer in this area, you'd have a greater chance of showing up there, but it's not helping you in terms of general authority. So the next topic is backlink authority. Let's jump into another lesson for that one.