purpose in it. So for example with wedding maps or with fearless these are directories but they're also awards platforms right so we're not joining them just to have our name listed we're joining them for the opportunity to be featured to earn awards there's a purpose to them. So I don't mind paid directories that are giving follow links but I want to recommend that there's always another reason to be there it's not just it's not just you're paying for a link back essentially okay. And number eight this one I have this is probably the most valuable and it's probably the most valuable way to do this it's just also probably one of the more

or difficult ones. You have to be good at creating valuable content. So you're learning this through the program. I'm teaching you guys how to create resources, but the better your resources become, the more shareable your content, the more likely you're gonna have people linking to you naturally. Like if you've got a really great guide that helps people plan their wedding timeline, it's very likely that planners, if it's good, they might actually reference it. Oh, this photographer has a really great timeline builder from a photography standpoint. You should check that out, right? Especially people that are in your network. If you tell them like, look, I've got a great tool that can help you in this area to answer frequently asked questions that you have.

have with your client, that's fantastic. Let me quickly zoom in and out to center this back up. Perfect. Okay, so this is another way that naturally, as you create articles, as you create resources on your website, if they're good, it's a great way to get backlinks because people will naturally start sharing them. They're gonna find the information meaningful to them, okay? But that one will come with time. Again, last reminder, most of your backlinks should be built in the natural process of running your business. One backlink from a reputable, relevant website a month, that is big. If you can't get one a month, one every other month.

with three in a year, that's okay. But let's just make this a natural part of building our business. Let's not focus time here. And let's make sure that what we do get is relevant and they're quality backlinks that are coming into us. Okay. For context, Tom has been doing this. You guys should ask his thoughts on this because he made a huge dent in his number of views and reach with just a little, like it was a few months worth of time spent on SEO, on resources and articles and developing a few relationships. And all of a sudden he's showing up in the top of search. It does not take a lot to get there. Okay. Cool beans.

We're done with this lesson, let's jump to the next.