Okay, start requesting reviews. This is big on a number of levels, okay? Why do we want to request reviews? Well, obviously we have the social proof aspect. Each one of these reviews are features that you can put on your website, but reviews also have local, direct, and indirect SEO benefits, including AI search.

What does that mean? That means if someone uses AI or general search to look up wedding photographers, part of what a search engine is doing or an AI search is doing is also looking at, hey can I find information from Yelp or from other places? How many positive reviews do they have? That does become a factor in the search.

process so let's start building reviews and positive reviews with every single shoot that we go out on even if it's an unpaid shoot i don't care they paid they didn't pay let's get reviews okay these are very beneficial on all levels from a local level when someone goes into yelp and they or into a directory and they type in a business name

That obviously has an impact, right? It impacts all of our purchase decisions. When we go and we see a restaurant that has four stars, I mean, when was the last time you went to a restaurant that had less than three stars, right? That's unless it's a fast food chain that you know of, that's pretty much guaranteed. If they have less than three stars, we're not going. Okay. So those reviews have a very real impact on local.

search then direct google search like i said they're going to be looking at these reviews to see like well do you have a significant amount of reviews are they positive are there recent reviews is it on topic what are the this is when we go to like indirect seo benefits this is like ai reputation summaries

I will actually pull up a reputation summary. When it comes to recommending businesses or recommending any websites, it'll pull up reputation summaries, which again, factors in your reviews. All of these things make a huge difference. We all click on businesses that have positive reviews and recent reviews versus ones that have.

less, or that have reviews that aren't so recent. So they're valuable from every single side. So, after every single shoot, again, I don't care if it was family, I don't care if it was a friend, I don't care if it's a test shoot, I don't care if it's a client shoot, if it's a paid shoot, after every single shoot, you're gonna request that they submit a review.

view, and obviously making sure that before you ask, they had a good experience. So if they didn't have a good experience, if they're complaining, don't be like, hey, once we get this complaint resolved, I'd love for you to give me a review. That's just like asking for trouble. Let's not do that. So ideally, make the request at the emotional high. Now, I give

I gave you an email template for this. I would say it's more of like use the text or the conversational template. I don't prefer this via email. So let's go to where it is. Client review request. Okay, so this is text or phone. It was my honor. I'm stoked. Again, use your language, whatever. This is what you could.

I could say in an email, do I want you to? If you've been here a while, no, no. I do not want you to write this. This is like last resort, send it in an email, okay? The reason why is an email is easily forgotten. There's no sense of urgency to it. There's no nothing. You know, it doesn't feel as personal. What I want you to do is.

is ideally you make the request at the emotional high. So if you're doing a reveal, for example, then you say at the end of the reveal, you say I'm so glad you guys loved this session. It would mean the world to me if you would leave a review and you'd give them the specific site you want them to go to. Don't say leave a review on Google and Yelp, give them one. Don't, don't.

request it in multiple sources. But do it at the emotional high. If they're texting you about the images and how much they love them, send them a text and say, that means so much to me. It would mean the world if you'd leave me a review on Google, okay? And remember that you cannot incentivize it. If that ever gets back, just don't put

yourself in that situation. All these platforms, they have very stringent rules on incentivization. You might think it's not a big deal to incentivize, but as soon as you get one person that might be unhappy and they find out that you incentivize, one unhappy person can often go to a number of lengths to try to hurt you and that's one way

they can do it is by telling people that, oh, they tried to get me to leave a positive review, okay? So let's make sure they're happy, make sure that they had a great experience, and at the emotional high, either on a phone call, text, let's ask them for that review, or in person. As a last resort.

Or, if you want to send an email, fine. But you're just not gonna get that many responses from the email compared to the others. And it's okay to send a follow-up. I would kind of limit my follow-ups. I would say it's okay to remind. We all get busy, we all forget things. I would just text somebody with a gentle reminder. And I usually would only.

send one. If it's not enough of a reminder to come and help me out, the relationship is probably not that strong. I don't want to keep bothering them with another one. But sending a reminder maybe after a week, after two weeks, that's not an issue. If you want to send two, you can stretch it. I'll let you make the call.

I usually stop at one reminder. That's good enough. But these are really important. Let's get our reviews coming through. One really quick last note on the subject of reviews is if you are going to, I would recommend just prioritizing one platform for reviews. As of right now, I would just prioritize Google over, say, Yahoo.

If you're going to go for both, that's fine, and it's fine to allow reviews to come in naturally just on some of these other platforms, too. But I think Google reviews are just more valuable. They tend to, number one, they tend to not get deleted or adjusted as much, like Yelp can often filter out reviews and it's really annoying. But the other side of it, too, is just that we're kind of...

favoring the platform where search is, right? You have Google search, you have Gemini, you have all the content that's basically being fed into AI searches from, from ChatGPT to Claude to everyone else. They're all favoring kind of results that come from Google, which means that I would kind of personally just tend to favor that platform anyway, since.

All the tech stuff is kind of behind it versus say the platform like Yelp Which really is not involved in any type of AI search or any type of general search as well So just a quick note if we're gonna prioritize Let's do Google those are it's gonna be the easier one and probably the more effective one But it's totally fine to allow other reviews to come in from other platforms if people want to choose

use Yelp if they want to go to other places and leave the review, we're not going to worry about it. But in terms of when we ask them, we don't want to give them a big list of places to give us reviews. We want to give them one single option and the option I would recommend is just Google. All right. Now we're done.