Perfect we are diving now into building your brand experience. Going into version two of this program this section has had another kind of pretty significant overhaul. One of the big things that really I talked about a lot in version one of the program is building experience, building a brand, building the identity. I noticed as I was reviewing it though that I didn't give necessarily enough concrete guidance and so there was a lot of questions on this topic so I wanted to really dive deeper into this.

carry forward with a lot of this new and improved kind of your new approach to AI and understanding kind of chain prompting, we're gonna do that. We're also gonna hit just a number of new topics to help you build your brand. And the questions and really pain points that we're addressing here is, why don't clients respect my pricing? This is kind of, this is self-contained almost as a topic within the first five steps, the first five modules, we're addressing this kind of over and over, but this is a huge part of it. We're gonna.

fresh ourselves on luxury versus consumer experiences and kind of talk about the differences and learn how to build that into our process, a luxury experience that is. We'll be talking about how to get your brand to stand out. How do you stand apart from competition and in the process of getting your clients actually to stop comparing you because there really is no good comparison they can make. We'll talk about how it is to build a unique experiences. I'm gonna give you some concrete examples on that, as well as, you know, what, why do prospects and leads often ghost? How do you incorporate personality? And.

Really a big one is how do you humanize your brand going into this more and more AI kind of world, okay? These are all the things we'll be tackling throughout this module. Once again, I'm gonna give you this heads up at the beginning of every single module, I do expect you to pause to implement and repeat this process. I'm gonna keep this moving quickly, so that way, it's just part of my belief that if education takes too long to understand something, then it's really difficult to actually put it into practice, okay?

So in between sessions, as you pause, as you implement, as you repeat, if you have questions, you have the mentorship group to ask questions, to go for feedback, to share wins and aha moments, and with all that, let's dive into the very first lesson.