is honestly like when it comes to, so let's pull up one of these examples. Let's go and grab, let's say for example, Aske. Okay, let's pull his up for a second and let's go to the about. One of my favorite things about interests and hobbies is generally the way that like an about me works or really when we're trying to.

to introduce someone to our brand is we start with the light stuff, like kind of like an overview and like interests, and then we start getting a little bit deeper and deeper into things. So interests and hobbies, they work perfectly as light fodder, right? I usually like to have something that captures them up top and kind of gets them to read.

And then we start with light ideas. I've lived in six different countries. Fantastic. A few of my favorite things. These are my interests and my hobbies, right? These are nice light things as we get deeper and deeper. We don't talk about the meaning of what I do or the depth of my experience. We don't talk about those things until we start scrolling to the end.

those things to come like towards the end of this not be at the top kind of for the same reason that like if you go on a date right we think of like onion layers like let's get to know each other slowly I'm not going to go on to a date and trauma dump and be like you know I just went through a 14-year marriage and divorce I just feel like you should know that up front like that's the best way to just send somebody packing

right out the gate. And that doesn't just apply to dating, it applies like in business, you're essentially courting and kind of dating these clients, right? Figuring out if this is a good fit. So as we present ourselves, we want to do it in the same way, where we're not just diving into the core of like who we are and our trauma, but rather we're starting light.

Love about passions and interests and hobbies is not only can these be easily woven into graphical elements and all that, but it's also really easy light fodder to start the conversation as we go. So we tend to want to see these towards the top of like a page or towards the top of an experience, okay? Then we go into the deep stuff. This is the depth.

values or why statement. So this is the why or the reason for why you do what you do and this is the next step. It's where I want you to get honest, get personal, at least in the process of writing this, okay? You don't have to share all of it, but at least in the process of writing this, I want you to get deep and be personal and honest with yourself.

Then later on we can choose how much of it we'd like to show, but a lot of your why is going to be hidden in these layers of personal experiences and oftentimes even inside of trauma. I want you to unpack that so you have this deeper understanding of yourself, why you're doing what you're doing, and why this brand is authentic to you, and then we can choose how much we're going to show it.

essentially when we get to the website. Again, if you have this deep, long guide that you've written up after this point, right? You've written it and you've pasted it into, like you've dropped it right into here and you're like, Jesus, that thing is like a giant trauma dump. And you can go right back to your brand strategist and say, look, I'm going to paste in the entire.

value set and reason for why I do what I do. I'd like you to help me refine this so it doesn't feel like I am trauma dumping.

on potential clients. Why don't you go ahead, I'm just gonna have a guess, why I do what I do. This is the funny thing is, you've given it so much at this point that if you actually.

He asked it, no, you tell me who I likely am. You've given it so much information here that if you've been honest and genuine about kind of like your values, your why, your brand, all these things, then most likely it's actually gonna give you something that's pretty spot on. You're someone that's lived life through unpredictability.

maybe even loss or disruption that reshaped what you value, and you're like, oh, Jesus, this is exactly why I chose elopement photography. You've likely experienced these moments that didn't go as planned, but in the middle of them, something real happened. You had a love connection stillness. Anyway, it's kind of funny how good it can be in terms of like telling you who you might be, but I don't want to allow it to tell you that. I want you to.

you to create your own story. And then if you need refinement on that, drop it in. So at any point in time, if you need help, you can always throw what you have into the brand strategist or an ongoing train conversation and ask something like, from what you understand about me and my brand, can you help me rewrite this? You tell what section you're working on and put this into my voice, then you place it below. Again.

make it yours then complete that humanizing section of your workbook so humanizing my brand if you have any questions at all go ahead and drop them into the mentorship group and let me just double check uh we do have one question so james nicks while we're live filming james asked you keep saying put things in your own words but how do you do that when the gpt is putting out so good and already so tailored

than what you're trying to say. So yes even like the GPT puts out very refined words and here's a thing if you've been talking to the GPT in your own voice like if you've been basically kind of training it from the ground up of like this is who I am right then you should be noticing that you should be noticing that it's doing a

better and better job of actually giving you responses that fit your voicing because that's part of what you were training it to do. So that being said, I still like to make little tweaks here and there. I don't like to ever pull something directly, but I find that I'm making less and less tweaks, right? I find like, I look back at it and I'm picking and pulling certain areas.

is I'm making adjustments to a couple words here and there. I might be spacing it out a little bit differently. I just make little adjustments as I go. But that's a great question, James. And when we've trained it that well, then we're gonna get really good results. I still like to modify just enough where another AI is not gonna, like, I don't want the copy itself.

to be detectable as AI. So I'm making changes to a few words here and there just so that I have my spin in it. If it's giving you stuff that is far from like the way that you would write then that means that probably what we're the input that we were giving it along the training is not that great and that means that you're gonna have a lot more modification to do okay so that's it but yeah you should be

seeing that result because we're actually training it. Cool. Done with this lesson. Alright, what I'm hoping at this point is that you have a lot of concrete ideas now on specifically how you can level up your experience. I expect you to be coming back to this, okay? I also expect this...

If you have gone through version one of this or if you've just already done the program, I don't know. Maybe you've just kind of completed some of the business tab at this point. What I would say is after completing this module, it's very likely that you've gained a lot of additional clarity and you might wanna go and just update some things. You might wanna update kind of like your brand identity from where you had it before.

You might want to create add more pieces to your experience and you might also want to do this over time So I'm placing the link here again. I think you guys have all the link, but I'm putting in your workbook just for convenience It's right there The link never changes by the way And so you can grab any of those new tabs and paste it over and and make updates So I would encourage you to do that and I would encourage you to read

visit it as well okay the other thing is since we have kind of done a lot of work on our brand strategist why not update that from step two and kind of level it up again so let's do a little AI prompt trainer part three so I'm giving you another prompt right here which is I've shared a lot more information with you since we first created the original brand strategist

okay so you're going to copy this and let's go right back to the GPT okay and what I'm going to do is just you can put it at the end of this conversation we're still in this project right or I can bring it right back to this spot and I can just copy it in right there and it'll just say I've shared a lot more information since you first created

So what it's going to do is request a new set of instructions. All right. So here's your fully updated brand strategy instructions. It's going to include role and purpose. Now it's going to build in more of like your personality, your value sets, all of that update, clarified message, vision statements. So dream clients. There we go. We have everything. OK.

And then what we're gonna do is when this is done, we'll actually just copy this, strategic domain of support, brand messaging identity, perfect, okay. And what I notice is, let's make sure that it includes working frameworks, okay. If it, there we go, brand voice snapshot, good. Sample brand copy, good, good, good, good. Okay.

Okay, if you felt like it was missing like elements of your personality, I think it already captured all this and it did a really great job. So you can always ask it to give you more stuff, but what we're gonna do is basically grab this. Okay. And we're just gonna copy this entire thing. All right.

We're gonna go back to the project, or if you're using like a custom GPT, you'd go back to the custom GPT. We're gonna go to the instructions and copy paste, okay? And there's our new version of that. We save it out and we have that. So the more that it understands about you personally now at this point, the more it understands about where you wanna go with your brand, and the more you've had a conversation with it.