gpt i'm going to go back to my project again you could have saved this as a custom gpt whatever you'd like but i saved it just as a project and i'm just going to drop this in now remember your brand strategist kind of already knows who you are it already knows what you do it knows your niche it knows all those things so i don't need to say it again right we already had a name

I went with North and Nest for my brand name, and it was an elopement wedding photography studio. So what it gives me is kind of this whole set of like, well, for couples who choose adventure, authenticity, and connection over tradition, that was the clarified message that I gave, right? So it gives me an entire essence of voice and tone, visual style, all of this.

And it even tells me which type of images are going to matter most. So, soft hands resting on shoulders, eyes closed in embrace, wind lifting a veil or dress, morning light pouring in as vows are written, quiet kiss on a mountain top, and it does a beautiful job with it. It's scary how good this is. It gives me ideas for website direction, all of them. So, what I'd like for you to do,

do is to actually read through this and kind of put it into your own words. So make it yours, summarize it, and then drop it into your brand and identity description. Okay? By the way, if you want this summarized, you can always just say, okay, I want this summarized to a paragraph.

that I can drop into my brand and strategy. Sorry, my brand identity description. And we're gonna get a summary. Now, I do want you to make it your own words, obviously, but there it is.

Nest is a studio built on presence not performance crafted for couples who value authenticity connection the quiet fleeting moments look our brand is warm poetic and grounding with a visual identity and earthy tones elegant serif typography minimal nature inspired design holy shit like when you look at this can't you go oh

I kind of know what type of logo I should design, I know what my colors should be, I have an idea of like what websites would probably look good with this. You get a very clear picture of where we're going before we ever have to kind of dive into the process, right? That's what I'm hoping you're seeing from this. But that's what I'd like to do is use the brand strategies from step two. If you want to...

just carry this forward as a new conversation, you can. I gave you a standalone prompt for that as well. But go ahead and pause here. I want you to complete this, put it into your own words, and then add it to your brand idea description. Again, going back to the brand strategy workbook, it is right here. One more thing that I will, so this is this little spot. One more thing.

wanted to mention is that I did make some significant updates to the workbook. So just again to reiterate right if you want to let me let me pull this up so you can see the tabs at the bottom okay so you notice at the bottom we're on tab 2 right there's updates to sorry tab 1 my business there's updates to this so if you have the old version of this go ahead and click the arrow and just

say copy to existing spreadsheet and then select your workbook. OK. So I have a test spreadsheet here that I have selected. I'm going to go ahead and just click insert right. What it's going to do is it's going to insert that spreadsheet right at the end of this current one. So if you have answers already in your version of this what I would do is copy and paste those answers into.

the new page then once you're done go ahead and delete out the old page and keep the new one. You can even rename the new one so it doesn't say copy of. You can say rename, delete these little letters right here and then it'll be your brand new workbook. Just remember that the workbook has like seven tabs, I think six tabs.

So when you drop it in it's gonna show up at the very end so that you're not confused Sometimes you have to hit the arrow to see the other tabs based on how large your image screen is. Okay All right with that We are done with this lesson. Let's jump on to the next one. I Probably should have said what I just said on the recording. So by the end

of this, I want your brand strategist to be that project, that custom GPT, whether you save it as a custom GPT or just as a project, I want it to be the place where it can just give you fantastic answers for your business. But that being said, let's go now into building a valuable one-of-one experience. Okay, so how do we actually

start differentiating the experience a bit more. Okay, what I want y'all to consider in this process is a few ideas. In 2025s, the average wedding costs around $33,000 to $36,000 and it's reported that 58%, somewhere around 60% of couples basically are willing to increase their budget for things that they value.

value. So as long as we see something that we value that we appreciate, we increase our budgets and I think most of us can resonate with this idea just in our own personal lives, right? And you might be going, well, Papai, I'm not a wedding photographer. That's fine. So look, the average spend for statistically for luxury IPS portrait experiences within any genre is.

between 1,400 to $4,500 in 2025, okay? For boudoir, each one of these genres that you might be in, the ranges kind of vary a little bit. So I kind of listed a few common ranges. So for boudoir, it's like 1,800 to 3,200. On the high side, it could be 5,000 plus. Families, 1,400 to 2,500. High side, 3,500.

plus fine art is 2,000 to 4,500, high side is, and this is like fine art portraits, right, 7,000 plus. Now, these vary, of course, based on location. So these are averages based on, averages based across the United States. So if you are in another country, of course there's purchase price parity type ideas we need to take into account.

But if you're in another country and in a luxurious area, if you live in like London, right, then it's gonna be on the high side. If you live in a smaller city, it's gonna be probably towards the mid to a little bit of the lower side. And that goes for wherever you are in the States or abroad. But this is a good amount of money. I would venture to say that this is far more than most.

most of us are kind of making on our portrait experiences going into the industry, right? So we can see there's a lot of potential there. The point is to say, as long as you have a good experience, people will change their own idea of what they should be spending for something that they actually appreciate, for something that they really enjoy.

value. So that's the bottom line. We're all willing to spend money on experiences we value, so how is it that you can build an experience that somebody appreciates and that somebody values? Well, we start with like why they aren't seeing value. These are things that we're actively addressing already, right? Poor website design and online experience, bad quality of imagery and portfolio.

slower unresponsive communication, negative sales experience, our brand lacks connection, we haven't built our personality, we haven't humanized the brand, all of those things. We're working through each one of these, but first what I want you to do is, number one, I always mention this, we're working through this entire program in a step-by-step way.

On a weekly basis, you're working on one thing, so don't get overwhelmed with everything that we have to do. Let's focus on one thing. We're going to solve this all over time. For right now, what I'd love for you to do is actually list and describe the areas that you want to deliver in your experience, where you want to adjust the experience. Or if you've already done a good job with those, just list them out as well.

like things that you've already accomplished right so we're going to start by just kind of creating a list and then we can tackle this list over time so one last thing experience like all of these things is something that you're going to improve over time okay so the perfect plan for building the the perfect client experience running out the gate like if if if you are

Or it really doesn't matter if you're building the business from the ground up, or if you've already been running this business for a while. Trying to sit here and create the perfect experience just to run out of the gate with is virtually impossible. You're gonna build the perfect experience by actually making small changes, small tweaks one at a time, getting feedback, seeing what the clients think, making refinements and doing it.

that so it's an improvement over implementation process not a perfect the plan and then go with it process okay let's start this okay so step number one with the experience planner all right so we have a new guide here what I want to do so to get your mind moving

What I want to ask is basically, what are some ways that you want to level up your experience? And what I've done here is I've given you some ideas. So building a website with clear messaging that resonates, we need to recognize that experience starts from the moment that someone lands on our website, on our social media, all the way through to the actual delivery of the service.

experiences throughout all this process okay so what I would like to do is I'd like to divide what we're doing here into three different categories remember we said we're gonna compete on the ideas of being better on the ideas of being easier or on the ideas of being faster those are the ways we're gonna compete right so under the first category

I want you to think about what are ways that you can level up your experience in it, or in short, what are ways you can make it better? These are ideas of that personalizing your homepage with an experience video, right? Using the wave in your sales process, value selling. This hugely levels up your experience, building packages around your client's values. A lot of these components.