This is a little bit different story because everything kind of starts at a lower price point, but we do put the expectation that clients might spend two, three, $4,000 onto the website, right? Like my typical client spends this much on their collection. Again, in that $2,000, $3,000 range, we're talking to a much smaller group of clients and we're differentiating.

that there are very, not that many people that are offering what we're talking about in that price range. So, this is the space we wanna compete in. And everything we're doing, you can almost think of steps one through five. Everything we're doing here is positioning you so that clients can see you as a brand and a business that's a way to compete.

one of one so that basically in this sea of blue you're really the only person that's red that's offering something that is uniquely different from everybody else so i want you to think of that to have this mindset as we as we move through this entire section not only this module itself but just steps one through five right steps one through five is really about positioning

and how do we differentiate ourselves from everyone else. We're going to keep going into this. This largely covered a lot of that theory. I want to get deeper and deeper to talk about like the specifics as we go. Okay, let's jump into the next lesson now. Okay, so the goal is your goal is creating

a destination brand, okay? The destination brand, the idea here being a one of one is what's gonna address all of these questions. So why do my clients constantly haggle over the price? Why do they compare me to other photographers? Why do they want deals and discounts? Why do they always end up hiring the cheaper photographer? Why do they ghost after they learn?

my price. The entire reason that we encounter this behavior goes back to this slide and this concept. When we are seen in this space, then we're just one of many who are offering in their eyes something similar. So when we're just one of many that is offering

the same product then they compare us to the things that they value and by and large they value money right so this kind of goes back to a concept if you guys remember from like a college economics 101 class this is the typical uh price quantity this supply demand curve okay where basically the price is gonna land

and somewhere where the quantity is gonna be, right? So right here in the center where they cross, that is where price lives, right? Now, what changes is as we add more photographers, we increase the quantity of photographers that are available in the industry, right? And so what ends up happening in any space, it doesn't matter what, if we're looking at photography.

or any other service as we increase the supply, the quantity that's available, then generally price goes down. Because, well, if there's more people that offer this thing, then it becomes a more competitive space and this drives overall price down. What we're trying to do, and so this is the space when

we kind of talk about this, this is exactly what's happening. More photographers keep jumping into this area, which ends up just kind of continuing to push the price point down until supply essentially meets the demand curve, right? And the perception is what we just mentioned. It's the more a client perceives you to be similar to someone else, the less likely they are to sell to you. And that's what we're trying to do here. We're trying to make it so that you're not going to be able to sell to someone else

the less they're going to respect your pricing, the less they're going to really care. They're simply going to go and say, well, so-and-so offers this for less, and they're either going to haggle with you. They're going to say, like, can you match so-and-so's price? Or they're just going to ghost. They're just going to not respond. You get their pricing, they go and make comparisons, and they end up going with somebody else, and they don't reach out to you or let you know why.

what happened. So if this is how they see you, then price is how they're going to shop. It's how they're going to compare you. Now what we're trying to do is, the interesting thing is when we look at luxury demand curves, they tend to have much less of a severe slope to them. A luxury demand curve, if we kind of compare, like this is a regular demand curve,

this is a luxury demand curve or there's certain like products that might be inelastic. Inelastic means that the demand curve doesn't really change even though the price changes. An example of that would be like gas. Gas would almost have like a flat demand curve because even if the price goes up we still need gas to get to where we want to go. So it's like it's one of those items that whether

Sloped right the regular demand curve is just like okay the more there is then the less we're gonna pay But as soon as we step into this space where we're talking about a luxury service Generally, there's just less people that offer that thing. So our price point gets significantly less affected When more people enter the space notice the drop from here to here

versus like here to here, substantial versus kind of minimal. This is the idea. It's even more the case when you are a one of one. So you get to the most inelastic, the most flat we're gonna get. It's not gonna be completely flat. There's still gonna be a kind of slope to it. But when you're a one of one, your price.

business is not going to change the amount of demand that much in your business. People become less and less kind of price sensitive the more unique what you're offering is. Hopefully, that makes complete sense but if not, please let me know. Holler in the mentorship group. But let's go over this.

In this is an older model it was by a famous economist. I don't know his entire name I just know him as Porter's Porter's Four ways to compete Porter's four quadrants, whatever you want to call it, so we just called it Porter's But anyway It was based on this that you have four essential ways to compete one is cost leadership and examples of cost leadership is Walmart

Donald's, Costco, who basically are leaders within a specific area, right? You have also brands that are cost-focused. There's a lot of these too, but these are, they draw a very similar comparison to cost leaders. The difference that they would make is like, they're more focused on a very specific niche. So they're cost leaders within a focus, okay? So Spirit Airlines.

They lead on the front of just super cheap flights. By the way, if you book them, don't expect to get to where you want to go on time. But people know that. And they're like, I'm willing to sacrifice that for super cheap flights. Dollar Tree, very cheap, inexpensive items. Timu, another place where it's all cost-focused. Then we have differentiation. So these are companies like.

Apple or like Nike, like Tesla, where they have a very differentiated product that stands apart and they can drive a higher price point because of that, and there's less of them, right? And then if we were to get to the most unique, we have focused differentiation. And this is where they're not only differentiated and unique, but they're also highly focused as well.

And this is where I want you all to live. It's kind of like, this is why we're choosing a niche, but then we're building a luxury brand within that niche. So the niche is your focus. The luxury experience is your differentiation, right? So we're aiming for focus differentiation. And these would be brands like Bentley or Saks Fifth Avenue or Mez, all of those.

So another way of looking at this and I wanted to build this in because it's a more modern way of framing kind of Porter's four forces I think that's actually different anyway Porter's quadrants this is another way of framing it I think it's more simple it doesn't say exactly the same thing but honestly I think it's easier to understand that there's essentially

four ways to compete and it's either that we compete by being cheaper, by being faster, by being easier, or being better. Better is really that differentiation side so when we look at differentiation what we're looking at is being better. Then we can choose different areas as well to kind of add on to this like do we want to be faster. What's interesting is

Amazon built an entire insanely large business, one of the largest in the world, almost purely on just being faster. It started with just books and then eventually expanded to everything, but really their entire premise is like getting things to you within a day, within two days, right? Their whole model.

And there's, if you look at the items on Amazon of like what sells, getting a prime badge on your item makes like an 80% difference in like overall sales volume. It's like four to five times more if you have that little badge, if someone's gonna be able to get it within one or two days as opposed to like a couple of weeks. So these are really powerful.

ways of differentiating. But anyway, Zoom, Grammarly is all examples of that. Grammarly, the whole concept for them was like, what if we can give you real-time editing notes as opposed to having to find an editor and have to wait for it, right? Then you have ideas like easier. This is like Canva, making design easier. Uber, making taxis and the entire system of transportation easier. TurboTax.

tax. Cheaper is the space that I don't want you guys to compete in. It doesn't make sense when you're trying to offer. Notice that I place cheaper and better on opposite sides because you generally can't have better like luxury lives in this space and you can't offer luxury services at a cheaper price point. So I put these on on opposition but

this is not where we want to be, but I gave you examples of what those would be. Okay, where the check marks are are the things where that's where our opportunities lie in terms of your experience. I want you to first focus on better and then I want you to look at how can we make your process easier and then potentially what can we do to make it faster to increase the