are things that are just naturally built into what we're doing in this entire program and then a lot of them that we're gonna bring up are basically like optional things like they're things like like of course I want you to have an experience video on your landing page but if we're just starting out we don't need to start with this we can build this on later right so depending on where you're at in your

business we're going to be looking at different components to improve basically but what I've given you in steps 1 through 16 is like these are in my opinion the everybody must do type things to have a good grounded luxury experience just right off the bat okay and then you can look to improve it in different areas. Creating an onboarding and welcome guide right that

That'd be beautiful. Authentically personalizing your brand experience. That's one thing that we're building in as well. Delivering an elevated shoot experience. Like what can we do for the shoot itself? All of these are components of better. And guess what? We're gonna use our brand strategist. This is one of those areas where you really need to use the brand strategist or a continued conversation.

So like if you had all of this in a new conversation, great. I didn't design you standalone prompts here because we kind of need the AI to understand where we're at. So use your branding strategist. Okay, so let's go back to this for a second. Let's go back to chat GPT and drop this in. So now we're going to drop that in and it's going to give me ideas focused.

on better. 10 ways you can elevate Norton S client experience from first click to final imagery and there we go personalized welcome video, emotion driven inquiry form prompts, beautiful story driven welcome guide, audio or video notes, you can say give me 10 more whatever you want to do but it gives you a ton of different ideas. Now these are ideas

What I what I don't want you to do is just to start implementing for the sake of implementing. What I want you to do is think of what you want to deliver in the process. Bring your personality, your vision into this. And more and more, I believe this as we move into this kind of like AI world, right? All the information, all of the ideas of what to do.

They're going to be easily and readily available for everybody. What I believe business is going to become is that it's going to become a human experience. Like we're going to want connection with people because that is a core human need. And beyond that, the business itself, our function becomes really a role of curation. We are the curators of what the experience is.

is, of how to develop a good service. Because all the ideas are out there and they're easy to pick and pull and to implement relatively. What is important is that we choose the right ones. What is important is that we curate the process, curate the actual experience to the people that we're serving. That's what's going to be more important.

more valuable as we go forward. But this is pretty cool, right? So it gives you all these ideas, a post-delivery reflection letter. I never thought about that, but if I were running an elopement brand, how cool would that be? That would be so fitting for an elopement brand. All right, so now we go to ideas, and what I want you to do is go to your brand and strategy workbook, and what I've given you is a new section of My Experience Planner, okay?

Okay, and what I've done is kind of listed out the area of business. So if you click here, it'll say this is my website, this is my sales process, this is my onboarding, my shoot process, my delivery process. So I kind of listed out the primary areas. If you ever wanted to add to this list, if you wanted to add a category, you just click the edit button and you can add another item right here if you'd like, okay, or delete.

or change. You can customize this however you see fit. But then just add a description of what that is. And what we have here is basically a list of things that I can improve to improve my experience over time. Again, this isn't a place to be overwhelmed. We're not going to try to do all all these things at the same time. We're going to work on it over time. And by the way, if you want to add more

rows, you can go to this at any point, select anything from the last row up and just click and say insert row above, or you can select multiple and say insert three rows above, and it'll give you more rows with the same formatting and everything. Alright, so I'm going to go ahead and just, how do I choose nothing? We'll just delete these, delete, okay, perfect.

All right, so we have better now built in better. Let's go now to easier. Okay, I'm going to get your mind moving with a few ideas on how you can make your experience easier. So some ideas here, a website flow, like the actual flow of the site is designed to answer questions they have, right? It's kind of a guide. We can have a curated

Start here guide. We can create an effortless inquiry experience where we make the process so simple and I love having a simple form and then calling them. That's part of like an effortless inquiry guide, inquiry experience, right? Instant proposal and contract review that we can do over the phone. We can have step-by-step onboarding like what's next after they sign up. All of these things make the process.

easier. So these are ideas and once again, we're going to give this to our brand strategist. Okay, so we're going to go right here and pop this in and you're going to get more ideas specific to your brand. So here it goes. Well, with North Nest, our elopement brand, here's one. First, clarity and website navigation.

So what it's like instead of experience talk stories instead of portfolios start here instead of contact a guided pricing PDF with built-in FAQs pre-written timeline template checklists This or that style decision tools a guided booking calendar with auto follow-up Don't have them choose a date for a call don't don't if it if it goes against if it's

giving you guidance that goes against what we talk about in this program, please come and verify, like ask somebody, right? I don't like booking calendars because, yeah, they often get bypassed, they often don't end up booking a time slot, and they often no-show with those. So there's a reason and a time and a place to do this, but for most of us, we wanna...

follow the five minute rule. Anytime we get their information, just call them. So that would be in conflict. Okay, a client portal with everything one plays, visual outfits, we get lots of great ideas from this. All right, with that done, now we go to step three. What are ways that we can improve the experience by being faster? Again, I gave you plenty of ideas. Look, a lot of these again are built in. The five minute rule, quick lead response time, right?

Live inquiry response via smart automation. This is like when they land on your website, you could have one of those automated AI tools pop up. The thing is that you wanna make sure that they act like a human, so you make sure that they're well-guided so it doesn't sound like a robot that's talking to them. But an instant proposal and contract review via phone, one-click console scheduling. This is useful.

this is that idea of the calendar. This is useful when they, for example, refuse to answer your calls or you have to reach out via email. Like maybe it's your last email that you're going to send to them and before you cut it off you say look if you'd like to get on my calendar you can book it here but this will be my last follow-up with you. That's useful for that place. It's also useful if we have hundreds of leads and we're

We just need to create a filter right off the bat. But for most of us, we just wanna follow the five minute rule. Sneak peeks within 24 hours where applicable, of course, this doesn't apply to like IPS models. Clear delivery timeline, and then you beat that timeline. This is again, inclusive models, not IPS. But let's go back to our brand strategist.

and plug this in. Okay. So let's jump right here. And I'm not going to sit and wait through it all but again it's going to give us 10 ways based on your business, based on what you've defined. Alright? Cool. Okay. This is where I'd love for you to kind of pause

and get some really good ideas into that planner. Get into the brand and strategy workbook under tab one into your experience planner. You don't have to finish filling this completely out. If you can get a couple into each of these sections, I think that'd be great. But these are ideas that I want you to hold in your mind of like, well, what can I do over time to improve?

these things. And again, don't overwhelm yourself. Think of when you're working on these areas in your business, choose one area and make that your focus for the week. Sometimes it might even take a little bit more, but make that the entire focus for one period of time to accomplish. And that's it. We're not going to try to do five different things at once. That's a, that's a recipe for, for overwhelm.

If you have any questions though, jump into the mentorship group and holler. Done with this lesson. Now we go on to humanizing your brand. So it's basically telling your story and I kind of have it as like telling your brand story because we're building a, especially those of us that are building like a personal brand, your brand and you kind of get mixed together, right? But we're

building a brand, we need to humanize that brand, whether it's a fictitious brand or whether it's named after yourself. Now, one of the things that you'll notice that I've kind of been doing over this program thus far is in V2, I was like, I wanna, and I keep mentioning these things in between and so I'm not redundant, I should just mention it in the videos. But one of the things that I've really wanted

do is take a lot of the heavy lifting from you as we move through the program. So the ideation and those types of things, what I've had to do to be able to do this is, is have you develop your own custom GPTs, your own projects kind of early on. So that's why in step two, I had you set up that project. We're going to keep using it. So I really would encourage you.