All right, luxury versus consumer experiences. So we're gonna do a brief recap. I think we talked about this a bit in step one. Let's actually kind of refresh ourselves a bit, okay? So I pulled up an example of this, and I think what I might've shown is one of these in step one. But here's examples of, on the left side, we have a consumer dealership. This is most likely Honda. I think this is a Honda dealership. On the right, we have a Bentley dealership. On the left, we have Louis Vuitton. On the right, we have some random department store, probably like a.

Ross or something on the right side. And what I'd previously asked is kind of what are the differences that you see in these presentations? Like how do these experiences differ when it comes to, well, one on the consumer end versus two on kind of the luxury end? There's interesting things that you'll probably see right off the bat. Like you'll probably notice that the color tones, it's very interesting that the palettes and colors are identical between the two luxury brands using this kind of warm wood palette, the whites.

the minimalistic design, but I'm sure you're also seeing other things as well. When we compare consumer versus luxury experiences, on the consumer side, what we see is that the need is greater than the want, okay? So on a consumer end, usually when we're buying commodities, these types of products, and maybe the better word is commodity versus luxury, but either way, we can substitute words, it's fine. But on this commodity side, the need is important, right? Like we need a car to get from A.

to be. We need clothes just to wear out of the house because we don't want to go to prison. The need trumps necessarily the want. So we get many choices. We get kind of maximizing space. Like in each of these options, you notice like how they have multiple cars, multiple chairs. They're really trying to utilize all the space here. Holy shit. They have used every bit of space available in that except for giving you a walkway that's barely up to fire code. But you see that in terms of like the way that they're designed, right?

Let's go back to this slide. In terms of the products that are presented as commodities, we have features are prevalent, they're openly shown, and prices are openly shown too, right? We can look at any tag, we can see stickers, all over the place that show prices. And really, when we're comparing these cars, we're like comparing a list of features, right? In contrast, luxury experiences, the want is greater than the need. So none of us can really argue that we need a Louis Vuitton bag, or purse, or anything Louis Vuitton. We can't argue.

that we need a Bentley, right? These are wants 1000% through and through. Whereas we could just argue that we generally need a car. We have less choices and minimal design on these sides. If you guys are familiar with the program already, like if this is your second time through, you'll notice that so much of what we do is minimalizing. We're minimizing, not minimalizing, minimizing kind of the choices that we give our clients. We're trying to help them through the process. We're trying to give them exactly what they need enough.

flood them with a lot of choices and decisions. We also see that the products in these luxury models are presented as pieces of artwork. You don't see tons of these products, you see one of one. Each one of them is presented as a one of one, right? The experience is far greater than the features themselves. In each of these cases, you're not gonna walk in, they're not gonna openly list what these bags are made of or who sewed them or all the details of these, the features, it's the lifestyle, it's the experience that we're actually buying.

to and same with the Bentley, yes we can find the features listed somewhere but believe that they're using the best materials, believe that it's going to be genuine leather, believe that it's going to be, you don't have to see those things to necessarily know that it's going to be a good quality product. And generally prices tend to be concealed on this side, right. With luxury experiences what we're looking at is products or services that are limited in nature, they require highly skilled labor, they're time intensive to build, to create, to serve.

and they generally offer an elevated experience. They need to offer an elevated experience. So when we look at photography as a whole, this is exactly what it is. And really, when you think of offering photography as a professional service, it has to be a luxury because the way that I talk about it is that the phone has already replaced the entire commodity side of this business. For everybody, a phone creates images that are good enough, right? And so if someone's gonna.

hire a photographer, they're gonna hire somebody because they want an elevated experience. They want something that they can't create on their own that is substantially different from what they can create on their own. So we have to recognize that photography in today's era, it must be presented as a luxury service. Granted, it can look different. Luxury doesn't mean that your brand has to look stuffy. It doesn't mean that it has to be a particular way. It just means that it needs to be a luxury experience through and through. We'll talk more about that.

kind of as we go. The issue is that most of us, we're still presenting our product, presenting our service as just a general consumer commodity. We try to serve multiple niches. We showcase too many images, too many products on our price lists. We have busy website design. We end up feature selling instead of value selling. And we openly show prices oftentimes. Now these are all issues that most of you are already either have corrected or you're actively

working to correct, like a huge portion of them we're just we're correcting from steps 1 through step 5, really we're knocking all of these out right, but this is the way most of us enter this space, is presenting our product as essentially a commodity. When we do that we get positioned in this space, most photographers especially when we look at like price points, most of them live between this say $500 to $2,000 range, like it's kind of this sweet spot where there's tons of competition.

and what I'm trying to get you to do is to build a brand where we can start positioning you higher and higher, where our price points are getting higher, but also the way that we are differentiating and focusing our brand, there's just less and less people that are competing in our space. So down here, if your brand can essentially be seen in this space, you have a lot of competition. If we're offering something in that $1,000 price range, that's like almost the worst competitive spot. When we're talking about, say, like event photography.

If we're talking about events or weddings, you know, that $750 to $2,000 range, there is a ton of competition, okay? When we start getting up to like $4,000, $5,000, and we start continuing up the scale, we get less and less competition as we go. If we're looking at general portraiture, in that $250 to $500 range, where people are throwing in kind of inclusive shoots, tons of competition in that space. When we start getting like to $2,000 for an inclusive portrait session.

1,500 to 2,000, that range, then there's very few. And IPS is a little bit different story because everything kind of starts at a lower price point, but we do put the expectation that clients might spend two, three, $4,000 onto the website, right? Like my typical client spends this much on their collection. Again, in that $2,000, $3,000 range, we're talking to a much smaller group of clients and we're differentiating that they're very, not that many people that are offering what we're talking about in that price.

range. So this is the space we want to compete in and everything we're doing you can almost think of steps one through five everything we're doing here is positioning you so that clients can see you as a brand and a business that's a one-of-one so that basically in this sea of blue you're really the only person that's red that's offering something that is uniquely different from everybody else. So I want you to think of that to have this mindset as we as we move through this entire section not only this modulus

itself, but just steps one through five, right? Steps one through five is really about positioning and how do we differentiate ourselves from everyone else? We're gonna keep going into this. This largely covered a lot of that theory. I wanna get deeper and deeper to talk about like the specifics as we go, okay? Let's jump into the next lesson now.