these things, because when clients haggle over price, when they compare you to other photographers, it gives you a very simple objection handling tool. I'm gonna give you that right now. We're not even in the sales section, but as we become a one of one, your objection handler becomes this. Well, I understand that you're comparing me to other photographers, that's totally natural and I would expect that, but do you feel like they're offering a similar service and experience to me? If they say no.

They're not offering a similar service. Then they've already answered their own objection. And if they say yes, they're either lying or Maybe they did find someone that that can do something. That's exactly the same for less if they did then it's like, okay Well, you should go and book them usually more often than not. They're actually lying if we have a focus differentiated service They're kind of just blowing smoke up your ass. Okay, but either way this is the way that we handle that objection if If there are like if your level of quality in terms of

of work and your overall experience, the branding, the design, if all of these things are the same as 50 other people in your area that are actually cheaper than you, I myself as a client should go and book those options. In fact, me as a photographer that is a salesperson that is the advocate for the client, I would tell them the same thing. I would not be their advocate in the sales process if I were telling them that they should book me, even though some.

else does it better and does it for less. It doesn't go hand in hand. So if we don't have a business that can really stand apart, then we lose that ability to really dictate price and to control this experience and to handle that objection when we get to the sales process. So the challenge that we have that I want to really work on here before we get to actually putting together the website design and even before we start working on in the next section, we're going to start working on the next step.

or start working on your pricing, your experience guides. I wanna lay out what we can do to build this experience. We're gonna refine this over time, but this is our ultimate question, is how can we design an experience that's better? How is it possible that we can do it faster? How can we make the process easier? We're gonna cover that as we kind of move forward. So this is a good place to pause. I want you to just to make sure that at this point you're confident in kind of the niche and in your client avatar, that we have these two things completed from step one and step two. Again, continuing forward without.

knowing this is gonna lead us to a lot of rework. And honestly, we're not gonna get that good of information, that good of an experience designed out where we're not clear on who exactly we're serving. Okay, let's go ahead and jump on. And again, if you have any questions at all, feel free to jump into the mentorship group.