Crafting your brand identity. So what I'd like to do now is to actually start putting your brand identity into words. That way, as we move forward, well, I'll tell you in just a second, it gets easier. But at this point, before we go forward, you should know your niche and your focus, you should have your clarified message. These are things that we can obviously refine over time, but we know the niche, we know the focus, we have our avatar, the clarified message is what can be refined over time. You've completed your market research, you've created your vision statement, all those things are done.

right? The idea here is if we put your brand identity into words before you create your logo, before you go about designing your online experience, all those things, it gets much, much easier. If your brand is already in words, then when we get logo designs, we can choose something that's fitting. When we see website designs, we kind of know exactly where we want to go. So again, it's doing some of that legwork. And granted, if you already have a logo and a website and all that, again, I don't want you to change anything, not until we actually

get there in step five. Then if you wanna start changing things by all means. But right now, let's do the groundwork, and maybe you find that after you put everything down in writing, what you have fits perfectly. Maybe you find that it doesn't, and that's the time to actually make changes, okay? But just examples of how we might start putting things into words. I'm gonna start with the Linen Jersey website. This is the older website. I don't know why I do this. I don't know why I start with this example. It's a website that we haven't worked on in years, but it still kinda works, and this is.

what we were going for at the time. Okay, so luxurious is a word I'd use to describe it. Timeless, traditional, refined, a simple video that kind of opened up at the top and then basically like featured on, had some text about what we were about. Very simple. A traditional clean kind of design, it was refined overall, easy peasy. Let's go on to another one. And for those that have children present, I have modified this, okay? So I'm not showing the booty example, but we did this example from Stephanie's back in step one. And the way that I would.

describe this brand is like with words like sensual, I would say elegant, I'd say luxurious, I'd say timeless, especially if you wanted to run with this kind of black and white feel with it, right? That was my NSFW warning. Okay, another example. So here's my friend Caroline Tran, her wedding photography brand. Again, this is her older site, but I would describe this look as romantic, as soft, as elegant, as minimalistic, okay? And you're only seeing, by the way, a portion of these sites, you're not seeing the entire thing, but this is where I would kind of define them. And we have.

alumni. So Steph's an alumni. We have also Tom. Tom, this is his cinema brand. So timeless wedding films. I would describe this as kind of warm. It feels friendly. It's authentic. It feels modern. So what we're looking for are some words, some examples, some first some adjectives that can kind of define quickly the look that we're going for. And then I'm gonna ask you to actually create a description in just a moment. And what you'll find is that these operate like a roadmap. It becomes so much easier to create the perfect

logo, the perfect design, all of that and we're going to use templates, we're not going to design ourselves. But when you know where you're going it's so much easier. What I also want you to do throughout this, I'm building a lot of this by the way into this this module, is that you personalize the brand. So the more your brand reflects your own personality, your own values, the easier it was going to become to differentiate your service and to make it feel authentically you. Okay let's dive into the brand identity toolkit. So what I've done on this first

step of the tool kit is I want to get your mind moving just with some adjectives. What I've done with these adjectives is I've placed them next to the opposite definition. What are those called? Antonyms? Are those antonyms? Someone English majored, correct me. But either way, these adjectives are placed next to the opposite version of them. You have traditional versus quirky. You have sophisticated versus minimalistic. You have luxurious versus whimsical. You have modern versus retro, authentic, regal. Each one of these kind of has a different word.

I thought synonyms were the same. Synonyms, I think, are the same meaning. I think antonyms are, is it synonyms? You guys are confusing me. Anyway, let's go back to this for a second. In your brand and strategy guide, so I'm gonna pull this up, your brand and strategy workbook, under, we go under tab one, you have the brand identity step right here, okay? So the same thing. What we wanna do is just pick out a few words here. It doesn't have to be perfect, but I want you just to have a few words.

of where you'd like the brand to go. What are the feelings that you'd like people to feel when they kind of first see your website, your online presence? That's the goal of this first little piece. Then afterwards, I want you to write a brief description of what your brand should convey. Now we're kind of putting together a paragraph that defines what is their first impression? How do I want clients to feel? And how does it connect with them emotionally, okay? And of course, as always, this is where I wanna beef this up by giving you some help.

So what I've done first is I built you two AI prompts. If you want a standalone prompt, you can use this one, but what I'd really like you to do is let's continue using the brand strategist that we built from step two, okay? Let's continue that process. And we're even gonna get to the end of this and update that brand strategist so it's even more powerful. So I'd like you to use this prompt. So what we're gonna do is go ahead and copy this. Okay, I'm gonna press Control C or Command C. We're gonna jump into chatGBT. I'm gonna go back to my project.

Again, you could have saved this as a custom GPT, whatever you'd like, but I saved it just as a project, and I'm just going to drop this in. Now, remember, your brand strategist kind of already knows who you are. It already knows what you do. It knows your niche. It knows all those things. So I don't need to say it again, right? We already had a name. I went with North and Nest for my brand name, and it was an elopement wedding photography studio. So what it gives me is kind of this whole set of like, well, for couples who choose adventure, authenticity, and connection over tradition, that was the

That was the clarified message that I gave, right? So it gives me an entire essence of voice and tone, visual style, all of this, and it even tells me which type of images are going to matter most. So soft hands resting on shoulders, eyes closed in embrace, wind lifting a veil or dress, morning light pouring in as vows are written, quiet kiss on a mountain top, and it does a beautiful job with it. It's scary how good this is. It gives me ideas for website direction, all of them. So what I'd like for you to do is to actually read through this.

and kind of put it into your own word. So make it yours, summarize it, and then drop it into your brand and identity description. By the way, if you want this summarized, you can always just say, okay, I want this summarized to a paragraph that I can drop into my brand and strategy, I'm sorry, my brand identity description.

Now, I do want you to make it your own words, obviously, but there it is. So Northern Nest is a studio built on presence, not performance, crafted for couples who value authenticity, connection, and the quiet fleeting moments. Look, our brand is warm, poetic, and grounding with a visual identity in earthy tones, elegant serif typography, minimal nature-inspired design. Holy shit. When you look at this, can't you go, oh, I kind of know what type of logo I should design?

I know what my color should be I have an idea of like what websites would probably look good with this You get a very clear picture of where we're going before we ever have to kind of dive into the process, right? That's what I'm hoping you're seeing from this but that's what I'd like to do is use the brand strategies from step 2 if you want to just carry this forward as a New conversation you can I gave you a standalone prompt for that as well, but go ahead and pause here I want you to complete this put it into your own words and then add it to your brand I did description

again, going back to the brand strategy workbook, it is right here. One more thing that I will, so this is this little spot. One more thing I wanted to mention is that I did make some significant updates to the workbook. So just again, to reiterate, right? If you want to, let me pull this up so you can see the tabs at the bottom, okay? So you'll notice at the bottom we're on tab two, right? There's updates to, sorry, tab one, my business. There's updates to this. So if you have the old version of this, go ahead and click the arrow and just say copy to existing spreadsheet.

and then select your workbook. Okay, so I have a test spreadsheet here that I have selected. I'm gonna go ahead and just click insert, right? What it's gonna do is it's gonna insert that spreadsheet right at the end of this current one. So if you have answers already in your version of this, what I would do is copy and paste those answers into the new page. Then once you're done, go ahead and delete out the old page and keep the new one. You can even rename the new one so it doesn't say copy of. You can say rename, delete these little letters right here.

and then it'll be your brand new workbook. Just remember that the workbook has like seven tabs, I think, six tabs, so when you drop it in, it's gonna show up at the very end so that you're not confused. Sometimes you have to hit the arrow to see the other tabs based on how large your image screen is, okay? All right, with that, we are done with this lesson. Let's jump onto the next one.