Now, we go on to humanizing your brand. So it's basically telling your story, and I kind of have it as like telling your brand story because we're building a, especially those of us that are building like a personal brand, your brand and you kind of get mixed together, right? But we're building a brand. We need to humanize that brand, whether it's a fictitious brand or whether it's named after yourself. Now, one of the things that you'll notice that I've kind of been doing over this program thus far is in V2, I was like, I wanna, and I keep mentioning these things.

in between and so I'm not redundant. I should just mention it in the videos. But one of the things that I really wanna do is take a lot of the heavy lifting from you as we move through the program. So the ideation and those types of things. What I've had to do to be able to do this is have you develop your own custom GPTs, your own projects kind of early on. So that's why in step two, I had you set up that project. We're gonna keep using it. So I really would encourage you if you haven't done that yet to go back and do that, to set up the project because as we move forward, I wanna.

keep giving you tools that basically allow you to do the light lifting. You have all the ideation, everything, we're gonna let AI do all the ideation, we're gonna have it help us out, and all we're really gonna be doing as we keep moving forward is curating ideas that fit with us. So to really take advantage of all this, please go back and complete that if you haven't already. But let's go ahead and continue with this idea of humanizing your brand. So as a personal brand, I would say that you're honestly the most powerful differentiator. You have a unique story, okay? And.

Building your story, building your values into your brand is one of the easiest ways to differentiate it and it's also one of the most powerful ways of differentiating from other people. The other thing is too, if you have a fictitious brand, meaning like your name is not your name, right? With a fictitious brand, we have to still look to humanize the brand as much as possible. Otherwise, we create something that is very much disconnected from the emotional mindset of our clients. So we have to humanize regardless of which of these routes that we go. The question.

is that I always get is like, well, where do we use this stuff? Like, where do we, like, okay, this is my story. This is about me. And, and what do I do? And what I like to say is I want your design elements to incorporate areas of your personality. I want the excerpts on your landing page to have little things about you. I want your about me or about us to, to include that as well. You can also build these areas, build these things into like your newsletter, your content, all of that. But I want it to be woven in, in a way that feels natural.

That looks natural and I'll show you kind of what I mean But some good examples of this in the program that we can now call out to for example So these are our past alumni Jesse and Dallin They have this cute little section like so if you click about me You get to go into their website and see like meet our family and I've linked up everybody so you can kind of like check Them out and see what they're doing. This is just a little excerpt, but it says meet our family They have these cute little pictures that pop up and then it talks about their Disney fanatics their jazz supporters All even though I love the jazz too, but they let's just be honest they

They just don't get it done. They've never gotten it done. But that's okay, we still love them. Aske, current alumni, he's done this great job of refining his entire about page. But look at this line right here, from army medic to photography. Doesn't that like immediately get you wanting to learn more about who this person is, right? These are specifically about us pages, right? Another current alumni, Viviana Cardenas. Okay, so Viviana here, so she goes into kind of like, well.

You spent years building your business, perhaps leading teams. She has this cute little picture of her behind the scene, and then she talks about kind of what she does in her brand and who she is, right? Moment Tom. So Tom, another current alumni, gives fun facts about me. I love starting with these fun facts because they're light, they're easy, but what we're really trying to do is weave. So rather than blast somebody over the top of the head of like who you are, like we don't want that. We don't want them to land on your website. They see like you're a photographer and what you do, and then all of a sudden it's about me, and it's like three pages of like, here's.

is why I'm awesome. That's not what we're trying to do here. What we're trying to do is weave these elements naturally into our brand. An example of this, like if you love Disney that much, like the Magic Kingdom, or let's say that you guys had Disney Passes, you know, the Magic Key Passes for Disney, this is a big part of your family, and you have a family business. Maybe you use something like a Magic Key, not one that's copyrighted by Disney, you will get in trouble for this, but maybe the element that divides sections of your website is a magical little key, right? It's.

little things like this that make the brand look and feel personal. It's little elements, and I guess the word I'm looking for is ornaments, ornaments that we might introduce. It's spaces where we might say something, content we might give a bit of our story. We weave it in naturally over time throughout each of these places, okay? So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna give you a place to start this, and I'm gonna say there's a lot of right ways to do this. So just think of the kind of brand humanizer guide as a place.

place to start in this process. Where I would start with this is I would write a personal clarified message. So your brand has its own clarified message. I would start with step number one is kind of writing a personal one, something that you might include like at the top of an about us or an about me page, right? So examples of that, we're a husband and wife wedding photographers, parents of two beautiful children in love with life's perfectly imperfect moments. Branding photographer, this could be like if you're single, right? Branding photographer, coffee shop.

Top dweller, former corporate escapee who believes your story matters more than your follower count. That's like if you have a fictitious business name, whatever. Headshot photographer, closet comedian, I make awkward people look confident and confident people look human, dad jokes included, right? This is just a short snippet of you, who you are, what makes you unique. It can be, you know, I like one element of photography in there, but I don't like it to be about photography, right? I like it to be about the person. So give me a personalized.

Now, I'm not going to give you a prompt for this one because it's really easy, right? What I would have you do is, is I would just go to my brand strategist at this point and I would say, um, here's my personal clarified message. Can you help me refine it? Okay. And then I would literally just paste it in. So I might say something like, I believe in experiences over, what is the word? Um, Okay. So, Okay. Okay. Okay.

over purchases, that's not the right word, but. Okay, I'm just gonna make things up for an Elopement Brand. All right, it can be really anything you want. But now it's gonna just say, okay, based on what I know about you is I believe life is meant to experience, not purchased.

that the most perfect moments rarely feel perfect while they're happening. And that more than anything, we're here to feel love, share laughter, and live fully in the between. I fucking wish this wasn't as good as it is, okay? Like I wish that it took more than what it takes these days to get this up, but it's absolutely wild. So just give it an idea of where you're trying to go and your brand strategist knows enough about you at this point that it's gonna give you a good refined message. So this is what I would do is look to refine through that. Next, we're gonna go to step two. So this is the.

about me and potentially my family if you have a family or it can just be about me. But if you have a family, include them. Like include parts of the story. You don't have to like name your children. You don't have to like get really private and personal with things. But the more we can learn about you, in my opinion, the better and the more differentiated we become. So we don't need to go into crazy depth. You don't need to talk about your divorce. You don't need to like go wild here. But here's a couple of different examples. So for one person that's single, another that's a couple, I kind of wrote some of these out. Most days start with coffee and a playlist, usually a mix of old soul, folk, whatever I'm currently.

overplaying. I live for early morning light so this is this is just a nice little description with each of these by the way you're going to go back to your brand and strategy workbook and you're dropping them in under humanizing my brand so my personal clarified message this is a little snippet about me and what we're looking for in here are elements right like if you love coffee in a playlist if this is two pieces about you then why not have the ornament like an ornament for example divides this section of a website okay so let me go to creative market let me just find a preview page right

An ornament is something that might go between to kind of like divide sections and of course this has no ornaments. So maybe we can try and find, let's see, website ornament section divide. Let's see if there's any example. Okay, so these are ornaments that might divide a section of a website. Why not, instead of like some foofy line that means nothing, why not just have a little coffee mug? Like on the blog, it just has a coffee mug between sections.