Like it's a little tiny logo that divides things. Why not have like, if you love listening to old records, you have like a little record player between them. All of these are little elements that personalize the brand. So what we're looking inside of this is just certain words, certain elements here that we can not only build visually into the brand, but also build into the ideas that we share through the brand as well. Okay, so I'm not gonna read through each one of these examples, but again, if you have a question of any of them, just grab it.

drop it into your, your strategist and say, Hey, this is my kind of about me message in a paragraph. Can you help me refine this based on what you know about me? That's it. Okay. Then we're going to go to step three. This is your passion, your interest, and your hobbies. I don't care what you call them. These elements again are wonderful little pieces of seasoning that you can pepper out throughout the experience. And what I love also about these is honestly like when it comes to, so let's pull up one of these examples. Let's go and grab.

Let's say for example, Askey, okay? Let's pull his up for a second and let's go to the about. One of my favorite things about interests and hobbies is generally the way that like an about me works or really when we're trying to introduce someone to our brand is we start with the light stuff, like kind of like an overview and like interests and then we start getting a little bit deeper and deeper into things. So interests and hobbies, they work perfectly as light fodder, right?

I usually like to have something that captures them up top and kind of gets them to read. And then we start with light ideas. I've lived in six different countries. Fantastic. A few of my favorite things. These are my interests and my hobbies, right? These are nice light things as we get deeper and deeper. We don't talk about the meaning of what I do or the depth of my experience. We don't talk about those things until we start scrolling to the end. We want those things to come like towards the end of this, not be at the top. Kind of for the same reason that like, if you go on a date, right?

We think of like onion layers like let's get to know each other slowly I'm not gonna go on to a date and trauma dump and be like, you know I just went through a 14-year marriage and divorce I just feel like you should know that up front like that's the best way to just send somebody packing right out the gate and and That doesn't just apply to dating it applies like like in in business You're essentially courting and kind of dating these clients right figuring out if this is a good fit So as we present ourselves we want to do it in the same way where we're not just diving into the core

or of like who we are and our trauma, but rather we're starting light. So what I love about passions and interests and hobbies is not only can these be easily woven into graphical elements and all that, but it's also really easy light fodder to start the conversation as we go. So we tend to wanna see these towards the top of like a page or towards the top of an experience, okay? Then we go into the deep stuff. This is the depth, my personal values or why statement. So this is the why or the reason for why you do what you do. And this is the next step.

It's where I want you to get honest get personal at least at least in the process of writing this Okay, you don't have to like you don't have to share all of it But at least in the process of writing this I want you to get deep and be personal and honest with yourself Then later on we can choose how much of it we'd like to show But a lot of your why is gonna be hidden in these layers of personal experiences and oftentimes even inside of trauma Okay, I want you to unpack that so you have this deeper understanding of yourself Why you're doing what you're doing

and why this brand is authentic to you. And then we can choose like how much we're gonna show essentially when we get to the website. Again, if you have this deep long guide that you've written up after this point, right? You've written it and you've pasted it into, like you've dropped it right into here and you're like, Jesus, that thing is like a giant trauma dump. And you can go right back to your brand strategies and say, look, I'm going to paste in the entire value set and reason for why I do what I do.

I'd like you to help me refine this so it doesn't feel like I am trauma dumping on potential clients. Why don't you go ahead, I'm just gonna have a guess, why I do what I do. Given it, this is the funny.

thing is you've given it so much at this point that if you actually asked it, no, you tell me who I likely am. You've given it so much information here that if you've been honest and genuine about kind of like your values, your why, your brand, all these things, then most likely it's actually gonna give you something that's pretty spot on. You're someone that's lived life through unpredictability, maybe even loss or disruption that reshaped what you value. You're like, oh, Jesus, this is exactly.

why I chose elopement photography. You've likely experienced these moments that didn't go as planned, but in the middle of them, something real happened. You had a love connection stillness. Anyway, it's kind of funny how good it can be in terms of telling you who you might be. But I don't want you to allow it to tell you that. I want you to create your own story, and then if you need refinement on that, drop it in. So at any point in time, if you need help, you can always throw what you have into the brand strategist or an ongoing train conversation and ask something like, from what you understand about me and my brand, can you help me rewrite this?

section you're working on and put this into my voice, then you place it below. Again, make it yours, then complete that humanizing section of your workbook. So humanizing my brand. If you have any questions at all, go ahead and drop them into the mentorship group. And let me just double check. We do have one question. So James Nix, while we were live filming, James asked, you keep saying put things in your own words, but how do you do that when the GPT is putting out so good and already so tailored what you're trying to say? So yes, even like the GPT puts out very.

fine words. And here's the thing, if you've been talking to the GPT in your own voice, like if you've been basically kind of training it from the ground up of like, this is who I am, right, then you should be noticing that you should be noticing that it's doing a better and better job of actually giving you responses that fit your voicing, because that's part of what you were training it to do. So that being said, I still like to make little tweaks here and there, I don't like to ever pull something directly. But I find that I'm making less and less tweaks, right.

I look back at it and I'm picking and pulling certain areas. I'm making adjustments to a couple words here and there. I might be spacing it out a little bit differently. I just make little adjustments as I go. But that's a great question, James. And when we've trained it that well, then we're gonna get really good results. I still like to modify just enough where another AI is not gonna, I don't want the copy itself to be detectable as AI. So I'm making changes to a few words here and there just so that I have my spin in it.

If it's giving you stuff that is far from the way that you would write, then that means that probably the input that we're giving it along the training is not that great, and that means that you're gonna have a lot more modification to do, okay? So that's it, but yeah, you should be seeing that result because we're actually training it. Cool, done with this lesson.