And what to wear for family pictures, that's enough for the URL. I don't need to say five important tips. So that's where I'm saying like the URL can be this simple, you know, niche keyword.

Word by itself, you don't need the kind of adjectives and things that we're throwing in to make it more clickable. One of the most frequently asked questions, this is a sample of text. One of the most frequently asked questions.

is what should we wear for family pictures? Well, let's dive right into it. That is how I would talk. Okay, and then image names with descriptions on there.

All right, if you have any questions on this, so again, if you are wondering like, well, how do I compress images? What are all the different options there? Can you give me more of the image guide? Just go.

back to step six, or sorry, step seven, we have, I have an actual video that just shows you like image optimization by itself, okay? But all of this was laid out in step seven.

And once again, if you're ever confused, like where do I put my title or how do I change a URL? You can literally go to our best friend, you know, and say.

Hey, I'm using WordPress or put your website name there. How do I change the URL for a page?

creating, okay, and it'll walk you through. It's pretty self-explanatory in most systems, by the way, but if you ever have a question, then this will walk you through all the steps.

steps there. Okay, so now all I want you to do is you're going to create the page. So let's take all that beautiful content you just made. Let's drop it in. Let's modify, make it ours.

or you can do what I like to do and just kind of like write with it over in the right side window. You can copy and paste sometimes and I make heavy changes to it. That works too. Either way.

make it yours, then follow the 2D framework. Get everything in, your title, your URL, text, sprinkler, your keyword phrase, make sure the file names are good, and let's get it published, okay?

Once again, if you're stuck, you know, what's the best way for me to create a new SEO driven page or article on my website, which is on and you put platform right here, it's going to guide you through all those steps.

Alright, so pause here. Let's complete that assignment. Let's get that first one up. And then once you've got it up, I think it's time to celebrate. So post it into the group.

Once you've got this up, post in the group, that's a win in my books. Writing one page or one article per week. Look, if I.

I am approaching business fresh, okay? And I'm doing this full-time. My goal is just one new SEO-driven page.

resource or blog entry per week, okay? So this is, I want you to spend maybe up to two hours on this. If it's your first time doing this

and it takes you three or it takes you four hours, don't worry about it. There's a little bit of a learning curve as you're figuring out, you know, getting used to the GPT side, getting used to adapting it.

Figuring out where it goes on the website. How do you adjust things by your second article that learning curve is going to be cut in half by your third? It's gone. Okay, so this that

that side of it goes away quick. But I want you to think I'm going to spend one to two hours a week on something like this because of how many different pieces of material it's going to give you.

So once you have this page published, right? And by the way, I'm gonna say like, if photography is kind of like your part-time gig, then take this.

and spread it out a little bit. So maybe you do one article every other week, okay? Do what you can, and when you can, do more. I'm gonna use that phrase over.

over since I learned it at our coffee meetup. Thanks again, Frank. All right, give the SEO piece of this a bit of time, okay, because it does take, you know, a few

months, three to six months before your SEO articles start hitting. What's really interesting about this and SEO works on, on like literally any search driven platform. So.

What we've talked about here, funny enough, you can put this onto your website, it's gonna work in search, it's gonna work in AI search as well, right? But you can also do this on, say, for example, YouTube.

In fact, people design entire courses and structures just teaching people how to do this on YouTube. Now, here's the funny thing about this. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to switch the account to 12-week relationships.

And again, this was a business that we closed down, I'm not gonna get into the details of, that we closed down two years ago, all right? So I'm.

I'm gonna switch to the YouTube studio view so you can see this. This was, I haven't published to this in over two years. This is all.

the previous content that we had created and what's hilarious about this is when you look at the dashboard the current subscribers if i go to channel analytics right look at how the channel

growing. It's still got over 300 new subscribers. It's getting 25,000 views. We haven't published in over two years. All of this is because each

Each of the things that we created previously were SEO driven titles. How to quickly get over a breakup. How can you repair a relationship after cheating? How to stop being defensive in your relationships. How to resolve resentment.

They're all just common search terms. So if you're wondering why would Pi encourage us to do evergreen content, it's because we've shut this business down and it's still.

generating leads every single month okay this is the effect of long-term marketing assets and it's kind of cool these SEO efforts on your website

they're gonna start to have impact in three to six months and they're gonna continue to bring in views over time. And as you add to them, as we expand what we're doing here, you're gonna get even more.

more from it, okay? But one page per week, I want to help you to understand the relevance of this. One page per week gives you 52...

SEO-driven pages in a year. On top of that, it gives you how many pieces of content, usually from one SEO-driven piece of content, like one evergreen piece of content.

I can get five to 10 reels out of that. So 52 of these, you have 500 different ideas that would make for great short form videos to go and.

post on the Instagram to give your audience not only value but to show them your authority and what it is that you do. So what we want to do here is whether you choose one

every other week i don't even care if it's one every month just understand that the less time we put towards this obviously the longer it's going to take to have impact but if you can if

This is your full-time thing, one a week. If this is a part-time thing, one every other week. If you're doing this as a side gig, at least, at a minimum, I would say one a month because it's.

to drive the social media side as well. And you're going to watch the traffic compound on itself. Because if I have one of these articles just for content,

Next, if one of your articles is generating 100 views per month, by the time you get 52 of these up, you've got each one of them generating 100 views per month.

which is potentially millions of impressions, as well as thousands of clicks that are coming through on a monthly, if not yearly basis. So this is too low.

of a hanging fruit not to take advantage of. All right, and then the other idea is plus every single piece of content you create feeds the entire content marketing strategy. So.

give it a bit of time. We're going to start here and then I'm going to show you as we go through the rest of the marketing sections how we're going to potentially expand it into a long-form content. I mean it's really easy you literally just turn on your camera.

drop in the freaking article and read it, okay?

to really take one thing and expand it into something that just keeps delivering over time. Quickly, before I wrap this video, I wanted to briefly talk about this. There was a question that came.

during session actually and i was like man i wish that question was in the video so i'm just gonna add it on here the question was pi if we do this you know one article per week

over a year, we have over 52 SEO driven resources. Do we gotta keep going at that pace long-term? And look, I need to clarify a couple of things here.

When I say one per week, the first thought there is, I want one new SEO-driven page, resource, or, that or is big, blog entry each week.

week. Okay? So if you have blogged a client, like as long as you've included your SEO terms within blogging, as long as you've done everything, you followed the 2D framework.

then I count that as your one, right? So you don't need to blog a client and create an SEO resource as well. If you want to, if you want to go, you know, be crazy and do two or three per week.

then fine. But those block entries count too and that's one thing that I wanted to emphasize. The other thing as well is when you get to 50 plus pages and these are doing well

for you, um, part of, of this process is updating them. So let's include that as well. If one week you want to update or enhance one of these existing.

articles, let's count that too. So updating counts for your one. Another thing I'll say is this, a year into this you've got

Plenty of pages going, you're generating good views and leads, you could start slowing down the new resources. Like let's say we've already created a bunch of different resource pages.

is we don't have any fresh ideas. At that point, give yourself a bit of permission. Maybe you're just gonna blog new client shoots. And when an idea comes.

You're going to get that idea down into a new resource Okay, or maybe you're doing a resource once every month. So at that point we can slow down a bit the

The reason why I want this to be heavy and front-site focused is because these articles, like I said, they take three to six months to start having an effect. So we want to get as much of these resources, these SEO-driven

and content pieces up so there's more to crawl and more that we can gain as they start generating views, right? So the more we can get them up.

and kind of moving the better and then we can slow down a little bit create something that's a little more if it if one per week is honestly i think that with this understanding of it