Welcome to step eight or module eight. We are now starting with basically that SEO driven content. So we're beginning with top.

down marketing design. What we're going to be doing here inside this module is answering these questions. So our topics and pain points is really how do we write good evergreen content.

How do we optimize those articles for SEO? And how do we do all of this basically faster? So how do we do this without spending all of our time generating?

content and kind of being lost in this marketing cycle. Once again, my heads up for every single module is this is fast paced. Go ahead. I want you to pause.

I want you to implement, repeat, and especially if you're coming through this a second time, there is so much to be had, like so much value to be had going through this program.

second or even your third time because your your eyes are going to expand your ability to see and understand the the things that we're talking about it's going to change so each time through the course you're going to pick up.

new details. That being said, pause, implement, repeat. That's kind of our process. And remember that in between sessions you have the mentorship group to ask questions, to seek advice, to

to share wins or a-ha moments, all of that is there as well. Let's go ahead and dive into the first lesson. So let's talk top-down content plan, and.

This is gonna look familiar because we covered this back in step six and now we're really finally getting into the meat. Step seven, we had to pause a little bit just to kind of get all of our,

all of our optimization stuff in place when it comes to the actual website itself, right? So you've done that now. Now we can actually move forward and start creating new content.

doing is we're really looking at the leverage framework right this is that worksheet that I showed you guys back in step 6 where what we do is we start with a piece of strategic content so we lead with

This is going to be that SEO-ready, high-impact resource

work through the modules basically with expanding it into long form content. I'm gonna show you how to viralize it into short form content. We're gonna talk about including it in an email nurture sequence. We're gonna break out.

all these different pieces, but ultimately, this all begins with that first little evergreen piece of content that we're creating. And that's what we're focused on.

throughout this entire module. So, you are here. Now, what we're gonna do with this content is it's gonna basically go into these niche keyword pages, these resource pages.

for your website, right? Step six was all about getting the actual homepage, your website kind of optimized, figuring out where does the primary keyword go. We learned that.

You know, okay, we're not really trying to rank for menu pages generally. Um, if they do rank, that's fine, but we're not trying to rank for those. What we are trying to rank for is these niche keywords.

and so this is what we're creating throughout this module are these resource articles. Okay, so three things before we continue. I want to make sure you've

completed these steps, your secondary pages are essentially up. Meaning like you have basically all the things that we laid out in terms of.

of the website design, right? Secondary pages like your pricing, your portfolio pages, your contact pages, all those things are set up. You've completed step five. You have a top-down content.

and plan as well as we created in step six, which means what we did in step six was in your brand and strategy workbook. We go over here to the SEO side.

And basically you started this niche SEO keywording process where we kind of wrote down these keyword phrases that we were gonna target, okay?

And then the next step is that we've already optimized the website, so we've kind of implemented everything that we talked about in terms of SEO optimization for the actual homepage.

the landing page of our website, right? Now, just a quick note, like what does, so this is the things that we need to complete before we get into.

writing evergreen content, right? So now it's time to write. And what is evergreen? All evergreen means is it's material that.

that is gonna stay relevant for a long period of time, okay? Like a social media post is not evergreen. It has a very short window of life. Maybe it's 24 hours.

Maybe it's a week. Maybe it's you know a month, but eventually it expires and expires relatively quickly Whereas an article that we put onto our website we call it say

evergreen because it might be generating views or even leads for a period of years as we've kind of demonstrated with some of the stuff that we've created for our website. So now it's time

to write and what we're going to do is kind of i want to encourage you to write based on the order of importance right the way that you know order of importance is kind of the best

indicator of that is just search volume when we were looking at those keywords I had you guys put in like what is the the search volume and for keywords that kind of like match

like let's say you've got one keyword phrase here that has 100, you know, 10 to 100 searches and you've got another one that has 10 to 100 searches, then at that point, kind of go.

based on your gut. Like what do you want to write about first? What do you think is more relevant? But we want to choose to prioritize those topics that get more searches, that are on target.

for our audience, okay? Again, if there's any questions about this, we kind of hit this all in step six in terms of like creating that keyword structure.

But just a brief review, here's what a kind of a wedding photographer might be looking at when it comes to like say keyword structure right the primary

Keyword goes into their home page and that might be something like, let's say Paris elopement photography or Salt Lake City wedding photography or New York City.

courthouse wedding photography, right? Those primary keywords are generally gonna be used in the homepage. Again, pricing about secondary pages we're not trying to rank.

Niche keywords would be the ones that we put into like our resources. So what it might look like is the ideal wedding timeline, 10 tips from a wedding photographer. It might look like 10 wedding day.

tips when it comes to posing or it could just be wedding day tips or wedding day timeline tips. We can do wedding planning tips. We can do our favorite engagement locations in

locations in Paris, our favorite elopement locations in Salt Lake City. as far as like what those are.

kind of keywords are gonna look like. And so this is where we are, right? We're thinking about these resources, we're thinking about what we wanna create. If you're a portrait photographer, then very similarly.

Your primary keyword goes into your homepage. That might be New York headshot photography. It could be Salt Lake newborn photography. It could be Los Angeles headshot photography.

all of that, right, or actor's headshots, whatever it is. Now we're looking at these resources for you. So it's like wardrobe tips for headshot photographs.

Or if you focus on actors, it would be how to dress for your actor headshots, what to wear for family portrait sessions.

family portrait tips and ideas, tips for portrait sessions with kids, how to choose a portrait photographer, all of these are basically relevant terms that somebody might be typing

into a search, and whether that is Google search or AI search, it really doesn't matter. We're looking to answer these types of questions with the resources that we basically create.

We're creating value-added content essentially for them. So the goal in this module is now using your secondary or niche keywords to create awesome.

SEO-driven content for these, you can use a fancy word like tertiary, or just say the resource pages on your website, okay? If you're stuck.

Do not stress, because throughout this entire module, we're gonna be using the SEO content creator paired with the brand strategist. And so I have links throughout the workbook, which will be.

up shortly after we film this. Okay, so let's get into the next piece. We're going to actually get into the nitty-gritty. Let's start with

writing the perfect title. Everything is honestly gonna be driven by the title. So what we wanna do is start with that. The place you're gonna go is under your workbook, right? This.

05 SEO section, we have these niche SEO keywords. So previously I just had you basically look for keyword phrases that people might be searching.

We can find tons of these, so please don't stress, but hopefully you have a few ideas already going here. What we want to do is start taking these niche keyword phrases and turning them into...

Actual titles so that's we're gonna begin first I love starting with a title because if you develop a strong title it very much

The actual content itself. So we want to start with the title itself, and then we're going to basically support that title through the material. So think of it this.

We want a title or the headline to one of these resource pages to an article, right? We want it to be clickable. We want it to be to give a promise.

We want it to be engaging. What we don't want to do is create clickbait. And really what clickbait is, is a headline, a title that doesn't deliver on its promise.

So really as long as my headline or my title as long as I deliver on what I say it is it doesn't it's it's not clickbait if it's

gauging and I deliver on it, it's not clickbait. When it's engaging and it does not deliver, then we've kind of missed the mark. Then we've created something that is clickbait. Now.

Someone mentioned basically resources versus blog and we've talked about this back a little bit in step six. My preference.

This is not a deal breaker either way, but if we're, say, looking at the structure of a website, right, if we looked at the Lineage website structure, my preference is that

that if you're gonna have a blog, that basically your blog just be a journal for, it's just a journal for ongoing client shoots, okay? So if I go to the.

new blog or the old blog, okay? All this is is a journal of our different shoots. And this is useful in a number of different ways. We're not gonna jump back into that.