pause until you have this first title, this first article that we want to create and that we want to write about. Okay, so let's go ahead and do that now.

Now, the next part of this is, okay, we have our title, and how do we quickly write awesome content? I think you already have a glimpse of that. We're gonna be using AI to basically do our.

heavy lifting in this, right? So let's first talk basically good copy versus bad copy. Good copy is gonna get you views, it's gonna get you leads, people that can.

word, bad copy is going to get you flagged and dinged by search engines. Okay. So when writing copy, we always want to remember, we want to write for the audience. Always. We're not trying to impress a search engine.

We're not trying to keyword stuff. We wanna include some relevant keywords, but have it always be written for the audience themselves. We wanna keep the copy simple as well. I really like.

thinking of this, like the mark of intelligence for me is not how much somebody knows or how eloquent they can sound.

Mark of intelligence for me is somebody that is a master of something and can make it simple and easy to understand it for others. People appreciate that.

I appreciate that. It tells me a person that is comfortable with their authority, with their knowledge, they can make things simple. So make it a rule to basically write at a fifth.

grade level, like we're not including fancy words, we're not trying to do anything, we're trying to write in a way that's very simple and it feels personalized, it's you, okay? This doesn't mean make it sound.

dumb and include grammar mistakes and that kind of stuff. So let's say a fifth grader that has a fifth grade vocabulary level. Let's say that, okay. Include you and your personality. So example.

of this. Good copy versus bad copy. I've given this a couple times, so I'll let you guys read this on your own, but bad copy is basically keyword stuff, right? We're trying to...

If I read it out loud for just a moment, Paris allotment photos are special because couples who want allotment photos in Paris. Couples love allotment photography in Paris because Paris is, it's obnoxious, okay?

reading it out loud for two seconds, we know it's obnoxious. So a good copy, it doesn't do that. It doesn't try to keyword stuff. It doesn't do anything. It's simply, it's straightforward. Are you planning on a low?

You're in search for something truly magical from sunrise over the like, honestly, this still is not the way I would write So this is let's say it's better copy. It's

not good yet, but we'll get there. In the past, creating good content required a lot of training, right? This was, uh, way back, like.

six, no, seven years ago, when I was creating a previous version of this business program, this was all the instruction on like how to basically create this.

this good evergreen content for your website. Today I'm literally like, okay, just click here and use this tool. So we're gonna do that now.

Let's go ahead and jump back to this content creator for just a moment. Going back to what we had just done. All I did was once I found a topic that I liked.

then I just said, I love number four, go ahead and build me the article, right? That was a little keyword that I gave back to her, a little prompt I gave back to her. And it gives me my article.

So there's I don't know how to pronounce any of these names But here are the ten locations that it gave me now. It also gives me more information

It gives me FAQs, it gives me a bunch of other stuff that I can include as well. But if I go, you know what, I want to adjust the bullet points, I would literally just write that out. Like, I want to.

just the bullet points to be these locations. And I would spell out the locations I wanted to include, okay? So,

Don't feel like the first thing that it gives you is the thing that you need to accept. I don't want that at all. In fact, I don't really want you accepting any of the content directly out of it. I want you to be adding your.

flavor to it. Okay, so I did give you that rule. I believe it's mentioned, let me see. Yeah, a word on AI copy. So we're never gonna use AI written copy as is. You are gonna get flagged.

for it. So always modify and make it yours, but we can lean on this tool to do all the heavy lifting for us, right? So there's one of the

Questions of like, how can we do this with some of our past material? Well, let's say, for example, let's say that you did a shoot at a particular location and now you.

we want to create an article about it. This is fantastic for any of you that are, that might have clients that are researching a location, say a venue for a wedding.

Or usually this kind of works best when it's like events or weddings that are at particular spots, right? But some of the things that I might go into search and type

is like, you know, I might type in Langham. I think it's actually not the Langham anymore. Okay.

A lot of my clients search for wedding images at the, at Pelican Hill here.

in Orange County. Can you create an SEO driven article for that assuming my wedding

images will be used, okay? So you can use the SEO content creator not only to come up with new ideas, but to go back and.

to create content around existing imagery that you already have. So here it gives me title options, right? And this is what it's gonna do.

It's literally trying to do this regardless of what input you give it. It's gonna give you title options, and then once we select, it's gonna start giving you basically what the Blotter article would look like, right?

So Pelican Hill wedding photos, an artistic look at the OC's most iconic venues, Resort of Pelican Hill, you can read all these basically on your own, okay? But from this I would

Go back through my catalog, I would select some images and go, okay, these are the things that I want to feature and show at Pelican Hill. And maybe I have ideas of which areas.

I want to talk about, but this is already going to do part of that for me. So it's going to talk about like kind of the architecture. It's going to talk about the ceremony backdrops, the emotional portraits, reception stories.

Okay, and let's say that it missed the rotunda, right? So I might say like, I have a lot of shots about here.

the rotunda, can you build me a section for that? And it looks like it did actually include this right here, but maybe I want it to be a.

specific section, okay? So, it'll create a section of the article that's just the rotunda. The rotunda at Repelican Hill's one of the most photographed ceremony spaces. Now, what I wanna do.

is I do want to make this mine, right? So I would change the wording. In fact, oftentimes what I'll do is I'll just have the chat GPT output right here.

here off to the right, and I'll write the content by hand to the left, and I'll say, there's a reason the Rotunda at Pelican Hill is one of the most photographed, and I'm like, that kind of sounds stupid. What I might.

say is, I think one of everyone's favorite things about Pelican Hill is the rotunda, right? So I'm gonna turn it into my language and I'm gonna shift.

around quite a bit. I don't talk about open-air Italian-style pavilion perched above the Pacific. This is stupid. This sounds like, you know, some marketer that's creating a brochure. I want to

make all this language my own. A couple quick notes, there's very key things that that AI does that we want to make sure is.

Not, uh, is not included in our language. So one of the big things that AI does a lot is these EM dashes, the emphasis dashes, nobody writes with these very.

few people like when is the last time you saw this at anywhere okay so that's a very characteristic grammar style of of AI

another thing that they often do is they'll kind of like say a long sentence and then they'll put a comma and like end it with another Let's see. Let the space breathe around you

and they'll either do a dash or a wide angles, capture the full grandeur. So it sounds overly formal at times. It sounds like we have these.

You know, but here's a good example of that, that line that comes after, but what we love most isn't the architecture, it's what happens beneath it. Like that, that secondary line.

All of these make it very obvious, and even if you say things like, okay, please give me the full article.

and exclude em dashes and anything that could sound remotely like ai right

this like a person having a conversation over lunch. Okay, even if I give it instructions like that, it's still not gonna do it.

So it'll change some of the wording. It'll be a little bit better, but at the same time look there's the em dash again Okay, I literally told it not to do that. This is

why I'm saying I don't ever want to accept what comes directly out of this, but what I want to do is have this complete all of my heavy lifting. You can do this with new concepts.

You have new ideas, great. You have past ideas that you wanna write about, great. The content creator is trained to basically give you everything that you need on this, okay?

Okay, let's jump back here and make sure we kind of hit every topic. So your first SEO driven article, you're gonna start her up. So if you want, when I just, I'm just gonna show you from the beginning.

Okay, so we'll open this up if you'd like you can click the here button to begin or you can just give it a prompt Right if you say click here, I've given the GPT instructions

is to tell you what it's gonna do. So you put click here to begin, it's gonna say, okay, I've loaded my SEO knowledge base. I see a collection of SEO ready content, here's your onboarding.

step. So it actually tells you, can you give me a simple paragraph from your brand strategies that can help me understand your niche and audience? Okay. If you don't have a brand strategy guide, can

you tell me about your photography niche, ideal audience, and clarified brand message. So I wanna make this process as simple as possible for you. If you ever forget the instructions, literally just hit click.

here to begin, and it's gonna give you the actual instructions right there, okay? So if you don't have the brand strategy guide, that's fine, you can just give.

If it, like you can, you can say I'm a boudoir photographer based out of.