Welcome to step eight or module eight. We are now starting with basically that SEO driven content. So we're beginning with top.

down marketing design. What we're going to be doing here inside this module is answering these questions. So our topics and pain points is really how do we write good evergreen content.

How do we optimize those articles for SEO? And how do we do all of this basically faster? So how do we do this without spending all of our time generating?

content and kind of being lost in this marketing cycle. Once again, my heads up for every single module is this is fast paced. Go ahead. I want you to pause.

I want you to implement, repeat, and especially if you're coming through this a second time, there is so much to be had, like so much value to be had going through this program.

second or even your third time because your your eyes are going to expand your ability to see and understand the the things that we're talking about it's going to change so each time through the course you're going to pick up.

new details. That being said, pause, implement, repeat. That's kind of our process. And remember that in between sessions you have the mentorship group to ask questions, to seek advice, to

to share wins or a-ha moments, all of that is there as well. Let's go ahead and dive into the first lesson. So let's talk top-down content plan, and.

This is gonna look familiar because we covered this back in step six and now we're really finally getting into the meat. Step seven, we had to pause a little bit just to kind of get all of our,

all of our optimization stuff in place when it comes to the actual website itself, right? So you've done that now. Now we can actually move forward and start creating new content.

doing is we're really looking at the leverage framework right this is that worksheet that I showed you guys back in step 6 where what we do is we start with a piece of strategic content so we lead with

This is going to be that SEO-ready, high-impact resource

work through the modules basically with expanding it into long form content. I'm gonna show you how to viralize it into short form content. We're gonna talk about including it in an email nurture sequence. We're gonna break out.

all these different pieces, but ultimately, this all begins with that first little evergreen piece of content that we're creating. And that's what we're focused on.

throughout this entire module. So, you are here. Now, what we're gonna do with this content is it's gonna basically go into these niche keyword pages, these resource pages.

for your website, right? Step six was all about getting the actual homepage, your website kind of optimized, figuring out where does the primary keyword go. We learned that.

You know, okay, we're not really trying to rank for menu pages generally. Um, if they do rank, that's fine, but we're not trying to rank for those. What we are trying to rank for is these niche keywords.

and so this is what we're creating throughout this module are these resource articles. Okay, so three things before we continue. I want to make sure you've

completed these steps, your secondary pages are essentially up. Meaning like you have basically all the things that we laid out in terms of.

of the website design, right? Secondary pages like your pricing, your portfolio pages, your contact pages, all those things are set up. You've completed step five. You have a top-down content.

and plan as well as we created in step six, which means what we did in step six was in your brand and strategy workbook. We go over here to the SEO side.

And basically you started this niche SEO keywording process where we kind of wrote down these keyword phrases that we were gonna target, okay?

And then the next step is that we've already optimized the website, so we've kind of implemented everything that we talked about in terms of SEO optimization for the actual homepage.

the landing page of our website, right? Now, just a quick note, like what does, so this is the things that we need to complete before we get into.

writing evergreen content, right? So now it's time to write. And what is evergreen? All evergreen means is it's material that.

that is gonna stay relevant for a long period of time, okay? Like a social media post is not evergreen. It has a very short window of life. Maybe it's 24 hours.

Maybe it's a week. Maybe it's you know a month, but eventually it expires and expires relatively quickly Whereas an article that we put onto our website we call it say

evergreen because it might be generating views or even leads for a period of years as we've kind of demonstrated with some of the stuff that we've created for our website. So now it's time

to write and what we're going to do is kind of i want to encourage you to write based on the order of importance right the way that you know order of importance is kind of the best

indicator of that is just search volume when we were looking at those keywords I had you guys put in like what is the the search volume and for keywords that kind of like match

like let's say you've got one keyword phrase here that has 100, you know, 10 to 100 searches and you've got another one that has 10 to 100 searches, then at that point, kind of go.

based on your gut. Like what do you want to write about first? What do you think is more relevant? But we want to choose to prioritize those topics that get more searches, that are on target.

for our audience, okay? Again, if there's any questions about this, we kind of hit this all in step six in terms of like creating that keyword structure.

But just a brief review, here's what a kind of a wedding photographer might be looking at when it comes to like say keyword structure right the primary

Keyword goes into their home page and that might be something like, let's say Paris elopement photography or Salt Lake City wedding photography or New York City.

courthouse wedding photography, right? Those primary keywords are generally gonna be used in the homepage. Again, pricing about secondary pages we're not trying to rank.

Niche keywords would be the ones that we put into like our resources. So what it might look like is the ideal wedding timeline, 10 tips from a wedding photographer. It might look like 10 wedding day.

tips when it comes to posing or it could just be wedding day tips or wedding day timeline tips. We can do wedding planning tips. We can do our favorite engagement locations in

locations in Paris, our favorite elopement locations in Salt Lake City. as far as like what those are.

kind of keywords are gonna look like. And so this is where we are, right? We're thinking about these resources, we're thinking about what we wanna create. If you're a portrait photographer, then very similarly.

Your primary keyword goes into your homepage. That might be New York headshot photography. It could be Salt Lake newborn photography. It could be Los Angeles headshot photography.

all of that, right, or actor's headshots, whatever it is. Now we're looking at these resources for you. So it's like wardrobe tips for headshot photographs.

Or if you focus on actors, it would be how to dress for your actor headshots, what to wear for family portrait sessions.

family portrait tips and ideas, tips for portrait sessions with kids, how to choose a portrait photographer, all of these are basically relevant terms that somebody might be typing

into a search, and whether that is Google search or AI search, it really doesn't matter. We're looking to answer these types of questions with the resources that we basically create.

We're creating value-added content essentially for them. So the goal in this module is now using your secondary or niche keywords to create awesome.

SEO-driven content for these, you can use a fancy word like tertiary, or just say the resource pages on your website, okay? If you're stuck.

Do not stress, because throughout this entire module, we're gonna be using the SEO content creator paired with the brand strategist. And so I have links throughout the workbook, which will be.

up shortly after we film this. Okay, so let's get into the next piece. We're going to actually get into the nitty-gritty. Let's start with

writing the perfect title. Everything is honestly gonna be driven by the title. So what we wanna do is start with that. The place you're gonna go is under your workbook, right? This.

05 SEO section, we have these niche SEO keywords. So previously I just had you basically look for keyword phrases that people might be searching.

We can find tons of these, so please don't stress, but hopefully you have a few ideas already going here. What we want to do is start taking these niche keyword phrases and turning them into...

Actual titles so that's we're gonna begin first I love starting with a title because if you develop a strong title it very much

The actual content itself. So we want to start with the title itself, and then we're going to basically support that title through the material. So think of it this.

We want a title or the headline to one of these resource pages to an article, right? We want it to be clickable. We want it to be to give a promise.

We want it to be engaging. What we don't want to do is create clickbait. And really what clickbait is, is a headline, a title that doesn't deliver on its promise.

So really as long as my headline or my title as long as I deliver on what I say it is it doesn't it's it's not clickbait if it's

gauging and I deliver on it, it's not clickbait. When it's engaging and it does not deliver, then we've kind of missed the mark. Then we've created something that is clickbait. Now.

Someone mentioned basically resources versus blog and we've talked about this back a little bit in step six. My preference.

This is not a deal breaker either way, but if we're, say, looking at the structure of a website, right, if we looked at the Lineage website structure, my preference is that

that if you're gonna have a blog, that basically your blog just be a journal for, it's just a journal for ongoing client shoots, okay? So if I go to the.

new blog or the old blog, okay? All this is is a journal of our different shoots. And this is useful in a number of different ways. We're not gonna jump back into that.

So both these blogs are the exact same, okay, that's all it is. Now if I were to look at the resources, these are a separate page basically.

where we have resources for clients, we have FAQs, we have favorite vendors, wedding timelines, we have wedding venues under another menu option.

Resources, I like to create those as separate pages. So for example, if we're looking at client resources and we look at sunrise versus sunset photography, which is best?

right, they're housed underneath this little structure where it's just a page on your website and hopefully you can see the, let me bring this down a little bit so you can see the URL, okay.

Okay, so as you can see, the URL is just linearjersey.com and then the name of the article with dashes. What, what, it's not, this is not a deal breaker.

But, we generally want these resource pages to be a little bit closer to the home page in terms of organization if possible. Okay. So, leningrsa.com.

If we put it under the blog, what we end up with is it'll say linendirsa.com forward slash blog forward slash whatever the name of that resource or the

that page is. So I like keeping it clean and separating it that way. It's not a huge deal if you don't wanna do it that way or if you haven't organized it that way already.

Don't make this an issue. It's not gonna have nearly the same kind of impact as it would have previously, okay? So let's go back to this idea of the title.

The two-step title formula that I like to use is basically just the niche keyword and a specific promise of value, right? So we already have that niche keyword in mind.

mind. Let's say the example might be, how do I choose the right wedding photographer? This is actually like a keyword phrase and a good.

Sample title because it kind of all goes together right but destination wedding tips might be what somebody types in and We might add to that and say 10

critical destination wedding photography tips, or we might say 10 critical destination wedding tips when getting married in Banff to get even more specific, right?

One might type in, why is wedding photography so expensive? As a general keyword, that search term, like someone searching that, it works for a title as well. You could even add on to this, why is wedding photography so expensive?

Wedding photography is so expensive, and you could say three thoughts from a seasoned wedding professional, right? You could add another piece to that. Or.

Top 10 engagement locations in Park City, Utah. These are all just sample titles. So inside of each of these, how do I choose the right portrait photographer? 10 wardrobe tips for portrait sessions. So someone might.

Type in just wardrobe tips, and you add the other piece to that, right? Do I need professional head shots? What are personal branding portraits? Tips on how to pose for newborn babies.

How to Find the Perfect Newborn Photographer. All of these titles, what you'll notice is that the title essentially writes the article, okay? If I write 10.

critical destination wedding tips. Well, I know that what I need to create is tips for destination weddings and 10 critical ones gives me the idea of the format, right? It's a bullet.

point format and I'm going to go through and list each of these different tips that I'm going to give. If I said 10 critical destination wedding tips for couples getting married in Banff, then

and it gets even more specific. And again, I know what that article would need to include. So this is why we go title first. We start with title first because it literally dictates.

everything that goes into the body of your content, the subjects you're going to discuss, the number of concepts we're going to include, relevant niche keywords, article formatting, and the approach.

that is basically determined by just the title. So your best content, and I know in your heads right now you're probably thinking, but Pye how do I think of these ideas? I have all

all the tools for you, so don't stress about that part. Your best content is gonna address topics that your clients will naturally wanna know. They're gonna be content that basically.

ask questions that they're gonna find, questions and challenges that they're gonna have inside of their client journey, okay? In other words, your best content.

and is gonna be things that would be very much nice to have in a lead magnet or some sort of a downloadable guide. That's for a little bit later in marketing,

We're keeping this in mind because what we're creating now is gonna be utilized in a number of different ways. So if for a moment we pop back to that leverage structure, right?

We're creating this one piece up here, this top-down design, so that we can expand it into long form, viralize it, nurture, repurpose, reshare, amplify, grow the community, and

Span and guess what? This email nurture sequence, this is where we might take it, put into a lead magnet, take it, use it in emails, all of that kind of stuff. So it's one piece of content.

that we're gonna potentially reuse in a number of different ways, and this is how we get a lot of mileage out of the effort that you're putting into this. Okay, so let's actually.

get into the meat of this, let's create your first article or page title. So we're going to get to the first title right now. So again, we're starting with a niche SEO keyword phrase and then turning.

into kind of a working title, and that's it. So all we're looking for is that it includes the keyword phrase itself and kind of a clickable promise of value.

okay and here it is we're not going to stress what we're going to do is go right into i'm going to click that link it's going to bring up the seo content creator for photographers so

So this is your updated for V2 as well. This is your SEO content creator that's going to help throughout this entire process. So what I would encourage you to do first is let's.

Let's go back for one moment to the brand strategist. The brand strategist that we created way back, right? I asked it, and I can, in case it doesn't give me.

What I'm going to say for you to do is to type into here and to say give me a short paragraph that defines my niche audience

and messaging so I can give that information to another chat custom GPT.

Okay, and hopefully your brand strategy doesn't drift, it doesn't create issues, but there we go. Okay, it did it right this time. So Northern Nest is an emotionally grounded elopement and destination.

photography studio based in Paris serving introspective connection okay so here we go I'm going to grab this and I'm going to copy this and then we're going

And you can open, by the way, ChatGBT in multiple windows. So you can open another window here. We're gonna go to the SEO content creator and say,

In a moment, or you can just say this. Actually, let me bring the screen a little bit more into view so it's not too far off. Okay.

So, let's say, give me 10 working titles for topics you think my audience would

like to know here's a little info about my business and now you're going to simply going to take what your brand

strategist gave you and plop it in. Okay, now the SEO content creator is already trained to basically know exactly what to do.

it's gonna research your background, it's gonna look at the audience, and it's gonna look at like what people in this area are basically searching for, right? So what we're gonna do now,

is just glance and see what it gives us. So how to plan a meaningful elopement in Paris and it gives us like without the stress or spectacle. I love that and the keyword here is elopement in Paris right.

a camera-shy creative guide to eloping in Paris, 10 quiet corners of Paris for the emotional first elopement. This is Paris elopement locations. So for each one of these it's

giving me plenty of different ideas on what I could write about. Now, one that I think would be great is like kind of a little more on the nose, like 10 of my.

my favorite locations for a Paris elopement, or 10 of my favorite locations for a Paris elopement, I think would be fantastic. So if you have an idea, you can always bounce-

it back and you can say, okay, what do you think about 10 ideas for a 10

Okay, let's go 10 location ideas for Paris allotments. Okay, so you can always bounce.

things back and forth. And look, why it works, it's Parallel Open Locations are in there, it's high search volume, that's great. And it gives a few upgraded titles that might.

I feel more like you. So anytime you give it an idea, the GPT is trained to give you back not only feedback, but potential upgrades.

to what you could do to make it a little more unique to you. 10 Quiet Corners of Paris, it really loves that one. Okay, the best Paris elopement locations for connection first couples.

I love this, this is so defined. 10 under the radar elopement spots. Oh, I love that too, right? That's very clickable. Like under the radar kind of says this idea that.

These are locations that nobody else knows about. And so we get a really good idea. So let's go. Okay. I love number four. Then what I'm going to do, and this will get to the body of it.

Second, we'll focus on that in one of the next lessons, but let me just give you an idea. We're gonna say, I love number four, build me the article, okay?

Now, if you know what the locations are, if you have ideas, then you're going to spell those out too, and we'll talk about that in just a bit, but I want to show you how simple this process can be.

because we're going to allow the AI to basically handle a lot of the heavy lifting and then we're going to go and modify. But I don't want you to write the article yet, I just want to give you

idea of where this is going. So once you're here and you've got all these titles, drop them in. If you've got future titles that you want to write about, put them into your niche keyword phrases and.

You can also do check search volume through Google analytics, not going to school, Google keyword search. So you can also check that as well by looking in.

yeah you back in module six i gave you guys a link to that okay we we used google adwords to find that so the goal here is i want you to basically

pause until you have this first title, this first article that we want to create and that we want to write about. Okay, so let's go ahead and do that now.

Now, the next part of this is, okay, we have our title, and how do we quickly write awesome content? I think you already have a glimpse of that. We're gonna be using AI to basically do our.

heavy lifting in this, right? So let's first talk basically good copy versus bad copy. Good copy is gonna get you views, it's gonna get you leads, people that can.

word, bad copy is going to get you flagged and dinged by search engines. Okay. So when writing copy, we always want to remember, we want to write for the audience. Always. We're not trying to impress a search engine.

We're not trying to keyword stuff. We wanna include some relevant keywords, but have it always be written for the audience themselves. We wanna keep the copy simple as well. I really like.

thinking of this, like the mark of intelligence for me is not how much somebody knows or how eloquent they can sound.

Mark of intelligence for me is somebody that is a master of something and can make it simple and easy to understand it for others. People appreciate that.

I appreciate that. It tells me a person that is comfortable with their authority, with their knowledge, they can make things simple. So make it a rule to basically write at a fifth.

grade level, like we're not including fancy words, we're not trying to do anything, we're trying to write in a way that's very simple and it feels personalized, it's you, okay? This doesn't mean make it sound.

dumb and include grammar mistakes and that kind of stuff. So let's say a fifth grader that has a fifth grade vocabulary level. Let's say that, okay. Include you and your personality. So example.

of this. Good copy versus bad copy. I've given this a couple times, so I'll let you guys read this on your own, but bad copy is basically keyword stuff, right? We're trying to...

If I read it out loud for just a moment, Paris allotment photos are special because couples who want allotment photos in Paris. Couples love allotment photography in Paris because Paris is, it's obnoxious, okay?

reading it out loud for two seconds, we know it's obnoxious. So a good copy, it doesn't do that. It doesn't try to keyword stuff. It doesn't do anything. It's simply, it's straightforward. Are you planning on a low?

You're in search for something truly magical from sunrise over the like, honestly, this still is not the way I would write So this is let's say it's better copy. It's

not good yet, but we'll get there. In the past, creating good content required a lot of training, right? This was, uh, way back, like.

six, no, seven years ago, when I was creating a previous version of this business program, this was all the instruction on like how to basically create this.

this good evergreen content for your website. Today I'm literally like, okay, just click here and use this tool. So we're gonna do that now.

Let's go ahead and jump back to this content creator for just a moment. Going back to what we had just done. All I did was once I found a topic that I liked.

then I just said, I love number four, go ahead and build me the article, right? That was a little keyword that I gave back to her, a little prompt I gave back to her. And it gives me my article.

So there's I don't know how to pronounce any of these names But here are the ten locations that it gave me now. It also gives me more information

It gives me FAQs, it gives me a bunch of other stuff that I can include as well. But if I go, you know what, I want to adjust the bullet points, I would literally just write that out. Like, I want to.

just the bullet points to be these locations. And I would spell out the locations I wanted to include, okay? So,

Don't feel like the first thing that it gives you is the thing that you need to accept. I don't want that at all. In fact, I don't really want you accepting any of the content directly out of it. I want you to be adding your.

flavor to it. Okay, so I did give you that rule. I believe it's mentioned, let me see. Yeah, a word on AI copy. So we're never gonna use AI written copy as is. You are gonna get flagged.

for it. So always modify and make it yours, but we can lean on this tool to do all the heavy lifting for us, right? So there's one of the

Questions of like, how can we do this with some of our past material? Well, let's say, for example, let's say that you did a shoot at a particular location and now you.

we want to create an article about it. This is fantastic for any of you that are, that might have clients that are researching a location, say a venue for a wedding.

Or usually this kind of works best when it's like events or weddings that are at particular spots, right? But some of the things that I might go into search and type

is like, you know, I might type in Langham. I think it's actually not the Langham anymore. Okay.

A lot of my clients search for wedding images at the, at Pelican Hill here.

in Orange County. Can you create an SEO driven article for that assuming my wedding

images will be used, okay? So you can use the SEO content creator not only to come up with new ideas, but to go back and.

to create content around existing imagery that you already have. So here it gives me title options, right? And this is what it's gonna do.

It's literally trying to do this regardless of what input you give it. It's gonna give you title options, and then once we select, it's gonna start giving you basically what the Blotter article would look like, right?

So Pelican Hill wedding photos, an artistic look at the OC's most iconic venues, Resort of Pelican Hill, you can read all these basically on your own, okay? But from this I would

Go back through my catalog, I would select some images and go, okay, these are the things that I want to feature and show at Pelican Hill. And maybe I have ideas of which areas.

I want to talk about, but this is already going to do part of that for me. So it's going to talk about like kind of the architecture. It's going to talk about the ceremony backdrops, the emotional portraits, reception stories.

Okay, and let's say that it missed the rotunda, right? So I might say like, I have a lot of shots about here.

the rotunda, can you build me a section for that? And it looks like it did actually include this right here, but maybe I want it to be a.

specific section, okay? So, it'll create a section of the article that's just the rotunda. The rotunda at Repelican Hill's one of the most photographed ceremony spaces. Now, what I wanna do.

is I do want to make this mine, right? So I would change the wording. In fact, oftentimes what I'll do is I'll just have the chat GPT output right here.

here off to the right, and I'll write the content by hand to the left, and I'll say, there's a reason the Rotunda at Pelican Hill is one of the most photographed, and I'm like, that kind of sounds stupid. What I might.

say is, I think one of everyone's favorite things about Pelican Hill is the rotunda, right? So I'm gonna turn it into my language and I'm gonna shift.

around quite a bit. I don't talk about open-air Italian-style pavilion perched above the Pacific. This is stupid. This sounds like, you know, some marketer that's creating a brochure. I want to

make all this language my own. A couple quick notes, there's very key things that that AI does that we want to make sure is.

Not, uh, is not included in our language. So one of the big things that AI does a lot is these EM dashes, the emphasis dashes, nobody writes with these very.

few people like when is the last time you saw this at anywhere okay so that's a very characteristic grammar style of of AI

another thing that they often do is they'll kind of like say a long sentence and then they'll put a comma and like end it with another Let's see. Let the space breathe around you

and they'll either do a dash or a wide angles, capture the full grandeur. So it sounds overly formal at times. It sounds like we have these.

You know, but here's a good example of that, that line that comes after, but what we love most isn't the architecture, it's what happens beneath it. Like that, that secondary line.

All of these make it very obvious, and even if you say things like, okay, please give me the full article.

and exclude em dashes and anything that could sound remotely like ai right

this like a person having a conversation over lunch. Okay, even if I give it instructions like that, it's still not gonna do it.

So it'll change some of the wording. It'll be a little bit better, but at the same time look there's the em dash again Okay, I literally told it not to do that. This is

why I'm saying I don't ever want to accept what comes directly out of this, but what I want to do is have this complete all of my heavy lifting. You can do this with new concepts.

You have new ideas, great. You have past ideas that you wanna write about, great. The content creator is trained to basically give you everything that you need on this, okay?

Okay, let's jump back here and make sure we kind of hit every topic. So your first SEO driven article, you're gonna start her up. So if you want, when I just, I'm just gonna show you from the beginning.

Okay, so we'll open this up if you'd like you can click the here button to begin or you can just give it a prompt Right if you say click here, I've given the GPT instructions

is to tell you what it's gonna do. So you put click here to begin, it's gonna say, okay, I've loaded my SEO knowledge base. I see a collection of SEO ready content, here's your onboarding.

step. So it actually tells you, can you give me a simple paragraph from your brand strategies that can help me understand your niche and audience? Okay. If you don't have a brand strategy guide, can

you tell me about your photography niche, ideal audience, and clarified brand message. So I wanna make this process as simple as possible for you. If you ever forget the instructions, literally just hit click.

here to begin, and it's gonna give you the actual instructions right there, okay? So if you don't have the brand strategy guide, that's fine, you can just give.

If it, like you can, you can say I'm a boudoir photographer based out of.

Don't want you to do this because we completed this back in step two for a reason But I just want you to see that it can help with this. Let's say out of Denver Help me

understand my audience. It can help you with that too, okay? So, it'll give you a good idea. Typically, Denver Bootleg clients fall into the.

on ranges, it gives you more. But again, I'm hoping that back in step two, you have a very clear feeling of this. If for some reason you're still questioning it.

the SEO content creator is still trained to help you in that area as well. Okay, so now we're going to go to step two. Once we have the title of it, once we have the article itself,

then we're never gonna accept it straight out of there. We're gonna use what it's given for our structure, for our ideation, and you're gonna spend 30 to 60 minutes just making each concept yours, adding your images, everything.

and if you don't like something, just ask it to change the output, okay? So you can bounce back and forth with it and it'll get you to where you wanna go.

go. So usually I'll massage the content with a couple prompts to get me where I want to go before I'll say start moving it over to an actual article, okay.

All right, that's it. So now this is the point where I want you to actually complete out your first SEO-driven piece of content, this evergreen content that we can put onto the website.

and start pulling from. Because we're not to social media yet, but I want you to just to see a glimpse of this, right? If we were to go back to one of these previous.

Conversations where we're let's see. I think we had it over here. Okay. So what do we have? We had all these locations? 10 under-the-radar elopement spots in

Paris that might feel like a movie, right? That was one of the article titles. Wouldn't each of these, like, couldn't I make now a social media real that said, here are my.

top 10 favorite engagement locations in Paris, right? You have a social media reel that literally quickly goes through all 10 of those locations, then couldn't you.

to make 10 more reels that basically tell you, like, hey, look, wanna see an elopement at Square Recamia? I know I'm not saying these right. Square Recamia.

whatever that is, want to see a location there or want to see some photos there. And then you simply show images at this one location. So you can go broad and feature all 10 of these in one.

reel, then you can go narrow and go deep into one of these in another reel. So we got 10 of those. Then look at this. Tips for choosing your Parasoloma location. Wouldn't this be a great

head video like hey my name is Pi and I'm a Paris Littman photographer here I tend to is the better way to do this by the way and I'll tell you the structure later but it'd be I want a quick

give you 10 tips for choosing your Paris enlopement location. By the way my name is Pye, I'm an enlopement photographer based out of Paris. Here's my kind of thoughts as a photographer that does this.

Number one, go early. Okay, you have a talking headpiece right here. Then you have another suggested photo timeline I don't think is as interesting for

or a social media reel. But maybe you work that in, like, you know, that could be one actually, that would be pretty useful. Paris, London locations, do we need a permit?

That make a great talking head video, right? Hey, do we need a permit to elope in Paris generally? No, no permit is required. You have multiple

Talking head pieces right here. You have multiple image centric pieces. We have 20 potential pieces of short form content from one evergreen article that we've created.

This is the idea of top-down marketing design. We start from the top. We get this evergreen piece onto our website where it's going to generate organic revenue.

views over time, it's going to start picking up traction and search, and in the meantime we start capitalizing on that same content by publishing it on social media. And that's just two of the uses.

Because then we can also take it and feature it in all the other places. Our newsletter. Don't you think if we are an elopement brand and people are getting married in Paris, don't you think people would like to know?

this if they land on my website wouldn't this make for a fantastic lead magnet like 10 incredible locations for your paras elopement that will feel that'll make it feel like a movie

I would give you my email, my phone number for that. 100%. So this is how we're gonna get intelligent as we go into marketing. We're not just gonna sit there and.

Grind on social media. We're gonna go at this with purpose and purpose that's gonna yield long-term as well as short-term results, okay? All right.

That's done, I'm done with my rant. Let's go ahead and pause this, finish this assignment out. And as always, if you have an article that you can publish.

And if you're like, hey, it'd be great to get someone's eyeballs on this, jump into the group and say, would anyone like to trade an article review? I'm curious what you guys think about this one. I just published this.

Ask for feedback from the mentorship group. Cool. Okay, so four keys for SEO. Remember back in step seven, I believe it was,

said most of this is stuff that you're going to do one time but there is one area that you're going to do over and over again and this that that is this area so i wanted to re-emphasize

It's what it is that you'll be doing over and over again. With essentially every article, with every page that you publish, we're using the Tutti framework. So we call it Tutti because it sounds.

It's nice, fruity, and not intimidating. So look, what this is is just a reminder that after you finish your content, after you finish that article, that page.

You're going to get it on your website and remember 2D. So remember that the title needs to have your niche keyword inside of the title. And obviously we just want to make the title the same title that we created.

created, right? So the keyword is going to naturally be in that that goes into the H1, the header on the website. The URL should also contain the keyword as well.

Right? So if it's a, so kind of going back to Lin and Jersa, if I were to show you that URL, when you're looking at a sunrise versus sunset locate, like which is best, right?

The URL itself follows the keyword structure that's in the title. Now it could be, like you could just have.

sunrise versus sunset photography, which is best. It could just be sunrise versus sunset photography too. It could also be, you know, you don't need to go too far with this. I guess.

What I'm saying is if we had one of those longer titles that we're using down here where it's like, you know, 10 tips from a wedding photographer with five years of experience, it could just say.

Wedding day tips for you know, so-and-so so it can be a simplified keyworded version It doesn't have to be the entire title up there in that URL. Okay

but we want to make sure that the url has the niche keyword in there. It doesn't have to include everything else but it has the niche keyword. We also want to sprinkle the niche keyword into the copy

of the website or into the web page, which that's automatically going to be done by the AI. If you notice that the SEO content creator doesn't give you a...

enough, by the way, then just go back to it and say, hey, can you include a few more references in my keyword? Okay. We also wanna make sure that the image names follow the.

a similar format where we've named, we've given the file names a description that includes the niche keyword and a description of the image. I gave you a full guide to that.

in step seven. So you can reference that as well. But this is 2D. It's just making sure that we make sure that the title has the niche keyword and the full phrase. Make sure that the URL

has the niche keyword itself. Make sure that the niche keyword is sprinkled in a text and that it's also in our image names and descriptions. Okay, I gave you examples of each of these so it's important that the urls based on your image name and description are in the same place.

contain the keywords separated by dashes so don't use underscores don't use other things convention is just to use dashes okay and there's examples of that there i also summarized what we

about in terms of image optization. If you want the full guide, go back to step 7, but I summarized everything here. So it's just unique names, file names, using relevant keywords to describe the image.

You use dashes between those file names. That's the common convention. It's convention also to use lowercase. To compress as well, I like JPEG Mini from Compressor.

directly from Lightroom so they stay small and then when you get it up onto the website you get the option of adding an alt tag so this is kind of a short keyword description. So I gave you a couple full examples here

So if we were trying to create an article about wedding venues in Charleston, South Carolina, we would say our 10 favorite wedding venues in Charleston, South Carolina. That's literally the title, the H1, right?

Then the URL top 10 wedding venues in Charleston South or you don't need to say in so top 10 wedding venues Charleston South Carolina okay so it's okay if

You put top 10. You could also say, actually, since this is our 10 favorite, you might as well say top 10. Okay, that works. In text, we might say something like, there's so many.

incredible wedding venues in Charleston, South Carolina, we thought we'd put together an article of 10 of our favorites. This is actually how I would talk, so this is a good example of me talking. Image names.

this might be examples of like charleston wedding venues if i had a general image if i had a specific image about hotel bennett charleston wedding venue if i had hotel bennett charleston wedding venue

Indoor ballroom. I might put that as well, right? So I want each file name to describe the kind of what's in the image basically in a very short way I give you another

Another example on portraits, what to wear for family photos, that's the concept. So what should we wear for family pictures, five important tips, that's the full title. This is our H1, right?

And what to wear for family pictures, that's enough for the URL. I don't need to say five important tips. So that's where I'm saying like the URL can be this simple, you know, niche keyword.

Word by itself, you don't need the kind of adjectives and things that we're throwing in to make it more clickable. One of the most frequently asked questions, this is a sample of text. One of the most frequently asked questions.

is what should we wear for family pictures? Well, let's dive right into it. That is how I would talk. Okay, and then image names with descriptions on there.

All right, if you have any questions on this, so again, if you are wondering like, well, how do I compress images? What are all the different options there? Can you give me more of the image guide? Just go.

back to step six, or sorry, step seven, we have, I have an actual video that just shows you like image optimization by itself, okay? But all of this was laid out in step seven.

And once again, if you're ever confused, like where do I put my title or how do I change a URL? You can literally go to our best friend, you know, and say.

Hey, I'm using WordPress or put your website name there. How do I change the URL for a page?

creating, okay, and it'll walk you through. It's pretty self-explanatory in most systems, by the way, but if you ever have a question, then this will walk you through all the steps.

steps there. Okay, so now all I want you to do is you're going to create the page. So let's take all that beautiful content you just made. Let's drop it in. Let's modify, make it ours.

or you can do what I like to do and just kind of like write with it over in the right side window. You can copy and paste sometimes and I make heavy changes to it. That works too. Either way.

make it yours, then follow the 2D framework. Get everything in, your title, your URL, text, sprinkler, your keyword phrase, make sure the file names are good, and let's get it published, okay?

Once again, if you're stuck, you know, what's the best way for me to create a new SEO driven page or article on my website, which is on and you put platform right here, it's going to guide you through all those steps.

Alright, so pause here. Let's complete that assignment. Let's get that first one up. And then once you've got it up, I think it's time to celebrate. So post it into the group.

Once you've got this up, post in the group, that's a win in my books. Writing one page or one article per week. Look, if I.

I am approaching business fresh, okay? And I'm doing this full-time. My goal is just one new SEO-driven page.

resource or blog entry per week, okay? So this is, I want you to spend maybe up to two hours on this. If it's your first time doing this

and it takes you three or it takes you four hours, don't worry about it. There's a little bit of a learning curve as you're figuring out, you know, getting used to the GPT side, getting used to adapting it.

Figuring out where it goes on the website. How do you adjust things by your second article that learning curve is going to be cut in half by your third? It's gone. Okay, so this that

that side of it goes away quick. But I want you to think I'm going to spend one to two hours a week on something like this because of how many different pieces of material it's going to give you.

So once you have this page published, right? And by the way, I'm gonna say like, if photography is kind of like your part-time gig, then take this.

and spread it out a little bit. So maybe you do one article every other week, okay? Do what you can, and when you can, do more. I'm gonna use that phrase over.

over since I learned it at our coffee meetup. Thanks again, Frank. All right, give the SEO piece of this a bit of time, okay, because it does take, you know, a few

months, three to six months before your SEO articles start hitting. What's really interesting about this and SEO works on, on like literally any search driven platform. So.

What we've talked about here, funny enough, you can put this onto your website, it's gonna work in search, it's gonna work in AI search as well, right? But you can also do this on, say, for example, YouTube.

In fact, people design entire courses and structures just teaching people how to do this on YouTube. Now, here's the funny thing about this. I'm going to show you guys. I'm going to switch the account to 12-week relationships.

And again, this was a business that we closed down, I'm not gonna get into the details of, that we closed down two years ago, all right? So I'm.

I'm gonna switch to the YouTube studio view so you can see this. This was, I haven't published to this in over two years. This is all.

the previous content that we had created and what's hilarious about this is when you look at the dashboard the current subscribers if i go to channel analytics right look at how the channel

growing. It's still got over 300 new subscribers. It's getting 25,000 views. We haven't published in over two years. All of this is because each

Each of the things that we created previously were SEO driven titles. How to quickly get over a breakup. How can you repair a relationship after cheating? How to stop being defensive in your relationships. How to resolve resentment.

They're all just common search terms. So if you're wondering why would Pi encourage us to do evergreen content, it's because we've shut this business down and it's still.

generating leads every single month okay this is the effect of long-term marketing assets and it's kind of cool these SEO efforts on your website

they're gonna start to have impact in three to six months and they're gonna continue to bring in views over time. And as you add to them, as we expand what we're doing here, you're gonna get even more.

more from it, okay? But one page per week, I want to help you to understand the relevance of this. One page per week gives you 52...

SEO-driven pages in a year. On top of that, it gives you how many pieces of content, usually from one SEO-driven piece of content, like one evergreen piece of content.

I can get five to 10 reels out of that. So 52 of these, you have 500 different ideas that would make for great short form videos to go and.

post on the Instagram to give your audience not only value but to show them your authority and what it is that you do. So what we want to do here is whether you choose one

every other week i don't even care if it's one every month just understand that the less time we put towards this obviously the longer it's going to take to have impact but if you can if

This is your full-time thing, one a week. If this is a part-time thing, one every other week. If you're doing this as a side gig, at least, at a minimum, I would say one a month because it's.

to drive the social media side as well. And you're going to watch the traffic compound on itself. Because if I have one of these articles just for content,

Next, if one of your articles is generating 100 views per month, by the time you get 52 of these up, you've got each one of them generating 100 views per month.

which is potentially millions of impressions, as well as thousands of clicks that are coming through on a monthly, if not yearly basis. So this is too low.

of a hanging fruit not to take advantage of. All right, and then the other idea is plus every single piece of content you create feeds the entire content marketing strategy. So.

give it a bit of time. We're going to start here and then I'm going to show you as we go through the rest of the marketing sections how we're going to potentially expand it into a long-form content. I mean it's really easy you literally just turn on your camera.

drop in the freaking article and read it, okay?

to really take one thing and expand it into something that just keeps delivering over time. Quickly, before I wrap this video, I wanted to briefly talk about this. There was a question that came.

during session actually and i was like man i wish that question was in the video so i'm just gonna add it on here the question was pi if we do this you know one article per week

over a year, we have over 52 SEO driven resources. Do we gotta keep going at that pace long-term? And look, I need to clarify a couple of things here.

When I say one per week, the first thought there is, I want one new SEO-driven page, resource, or, that or is big, blog entry each week.

week. Okay? So if you have blogged a client, like as long as you've included your SEO terms within blogging, as long as you've done everything, you followed the 2D framework.

then I count that as your one, right? So you don't need to blog a client and create an SEO resource as well. If you want to, if you want to go, you know, be crazy and do two or three per week.

then fine. But those block entries count too and that's one thing that I wanted to emphasize. The other thing as well is when you get to 50 plus pages and these are doing well

for you, um, part of, of this process is updating them. So let's include that as well. If one week you want to update or enhance one of these existing.

articles, let's count that too. So updating counts for your one. Another thing I'll say is this, a year into this you've got

Plenty of pages going, you're generating good views and leads, you could start slowing down the new resources. Like let's say we've already created a bunch of different resource pages.

is we don't have any fresh ideas. At that point, give yourself a bit of permission. Maybe you're just gonna blog new client shoots. And when an idea comes.

You're going to get that idea down into a new resource Okay, or maybe you're doing a resource once every month. So at that point we can slow down a bit the

The reason why I want this to be heavy and front-site focused is because these articles, like I said, they take three to six months to start having an effect. So we want to get as much of these resources, these SEO-driven

and content pieces up so there's more to crawl and more that we can gain as they start generating views, right? So the more we can get them up.

and kind of moving the better and then we can slow down a little bit create something that's a little more if it if one per week is honestly i think that with this understanding of it

that it counts as a blog entry, or updating, or a new page. I think with this, it's very sustainable to do one per week. But if you did want to slow it down after a period of time, you could.

but just kind of keep that in mind. That's why we're aiming to get a lot of these up quickly is so that we can start getting the benefit of them, which has a little bit of a lag, a little bit of delay there.

we wanna fuel the content engine to get things moving. Okay, that's it.