So let's talk top-down content plan. And this is gonna look familiar because we covered this back in step six. And now we're really finally getting to the meat. Step seven, we had to pause a little bit just to kind of get all of our optimization stuff in place when it comes to the actual website itself, right? So you've done that now. Now we can actually move forward and start creating new content. And what we're doing is we're really looking at the leverage framework, right? This is that worksheet that I showed you guys back in step six, where what we do is we start with a piece of strategic content. So we lead with strategic content. This is gonna be that SEO-ready, high-impact resource that's valuable to your.

audience and potential clients. From there, we're gonna continue as we work through the modules basically with expanding it into long form content. I'm gonna show you how to viralize it into short form content. We're gonna talk about including it in an email in order to sequence. We're gonna break out all these different pieces but ultimately this all begins with that first little evergreen piece of content that we're creating and that's what we're focused on throughout this entire module. So you are here. Now what we're gonna do with this content is it's gonna basically go into these niche keyword pages, these resource pages for your website, right? Step six was all about getting the actual homepage, your website kind of.

optimize, figuring out where does the primary keyword go. We learned that, okay, we're not really trying to rank for menu pages generally. If they do rank, that's fine, but we're not trying to rank for those. What we are trying to rank for is these niche keywords. And so this is what we're creating throughout this module are these resource articles. Okay, so three things before we continue. I wanna make sure you've completed these steps. Your secondary pages are essentially up, meaning like you have basically all the things that we laid out in terms of the website design, right? Secondary pages like your pricing, your portfolio pages, your contact pages.

All those things are set up. You've completed step five. You have a top-down content plan as well as we created in step six, which means what we did in step six was in your brand and strategy workbook, we go over here to the SEO side, and basically you started this niche SEO keywording process where we kind of wrote down these keyword phrases that we were gonna target, okay? And then the next step is that we've already optimized the website. So we've kind of implemented everything that we talked about in terms of SEO optimization for the actual homepage, the landing page of our website, right? Now, just a quick note,

So this is the things that we need to complete before we get into writing evergreen content, right? So now it's time to write. And what is evergreen? All evergreen means is it's material that is gonna stay relevant for a long period of time, okay? Like a social media post is not evergreen. It has a very short window of life. Maybe it's 24 hours, maybe it's a week, maybe it's a month, but eventually it expires and it expires relatively quickly. Whereas an article that we put onto our website, we call it say evergreen because it might be generating views or even leads for a period of years as we've kind of demonstrated.

with some of the stuff that we've created for our website. So now it's time to write, and what we're gonna do is kind of, I want to encourage you to write based on the order of importance, right? The way that you know order of importance is kind of the best indicator of that is just search volume. When we were looking at those keywords, I had you guys put in like, what is the search volume? And for keywords that kind of like match, like let's say you've got one keyword phrase here that has 10 to 100 searches, and you've got another one that has 10 to 100 searches, then at that point, kind of go based on your gut. Like what do you want to write about first? What do you think is more relevant? But we want to choose to.

prioritize those topics that get more searches that are on target for our audience, okay? Again, if there's any questions about this, we kind of hit this all in step six in terms of like creating that keyword structure. But just a brief review, here's what kind of a wedding photographer might be looking at when it comes to like, say, keyword structure, right? The primary keyword goes into their homepage and that might be something like, let's say Paris elopement photography or Salt Lake City wedding photography or New York City courthouse wedding photography, right? Those primary keywords are generally gonna be used in the homepage.

Again, pricing about secondary pages we're not trying to rank and then these niche keywords would be the ones that we put into like our resources. So what it might look like is the ideal wedding timeline, 10 tips from a wedding photographer. It might look like 10 wedding day tips when it comes to posing or it could just be wedding day tips or wedding day timeline tips. We can do wedding planning tips, we can do our favorite engagement locations in New York City, our favorite engagement locations in Paris, our favorite elopement locations in Salt Lake City. All these are relevant as far as like what those kind of keywords are going to look like. And so this is where we are, right? We're thinking about these resources, we're thinking about what

what we want to create. If you're a portrait photographer, then very similarly your primary keyword goes into your homepage. That might be New York headshot photography. It could be Salt Lake newborn photography. It could be Los Angeles headshot photography, all of that, right? Or actors headshots, whatever it is. Now we're looking at these resources for you. So it's like wardrobe tips for headshot photographs, or like if you focus on actors, right? It would be how to dress for your actor headshots, what to wear for family portrait session, family portrait tips and ideas, tips for portrait sessions with kids, how to choose a portrait photographer, all of that.

These are basically relevant terms that somebody might be typing into a search. And whether that is Google search or AI search, it really doesn't matter. We're looking to answer these types of questions with the resources that we basically create. We're creating value-added content essentially for them. So the goal in this module is now using your secondary or niche keywords to create awesome SEO-driven content for these, you can use a fancy word like tertiary or just say the resource pages on your website, okay? If you're stuck here, do not stress because throughout this entire module, we're gonna be using the SEO Content Creator paired with Google Search.

with a brand strategist and so I have links throughout the workbook which will be up shortly after we film this. So let's get into the next piece, we're going to actually get into the nitty gritty.