Right? So you can always bounce things back and forth. And look, why it works, it's Paris elopement locations are in there, it's high search volume, that's great. And then it gives a few upgraded titles that might feel more like you. So anytime you give it an idea, the GPT is trained to give you back not only feedback, but potential upgrades to what you can do to make it a little more unique to you, right? 10 Quiet Corners of Paris, it really loves that one. Okay, the best Paris elopement locations for connection first couples. I love this, this is so defined. 10 Under the Radar elopement spots. Oh, I love that too, right? That's very clickable.

Like under the radar kind of says this idea that these are locations that nobody else knows about. And so we get a really good idea. So let's go, okay, I love number four. Then what I'm going to do, and this will get to the body of it in a second, we'll focus on that in one of the next lessons, but let me just give you an idea. We're going to say, I love number four, build me the article, okay? Now if you know what the locations are, if you have ideas, then you're going to spell those out too. And we'll talk about that in just a bit. But I want to show you how simple this process can be because we're going to allow the AI to basically handle a lot of the heavy lifting, and then we're going to go and modify. But I don't want you.

you to write the article yet, I just want to give you an idea of where this is going. So once you're here and you've got all these titles, drop them in. If you've got future titles that you want to write about, put them into your niche keyword phrases and you can also do check search volume through Google Analytics, not Google Analytics, Google keyword search. So you can also check that as well by looking in, yeah, back in module 6, I gave you guys a link to that. Okay, we used Google AdWords to find that. The goal here is I want you to basically pause until you have this first title, this first article that we want to create and that we want to write about.

Let's go ahead and do that now.