understand my audience. It can help you with that too, okay? So it'll give you a good idea. Typically, Denver Bootleg clients fall into the common ranges. It gives you more. But again, I'm hoping that back in step two, you have a very clear feeling of this. If for some reason you're still questioning it, the SEO content creator is still trained to help you in that area as well, okay? So now we're gonna go to step two. Once we have the title of it, once we have the article itself.

then we're never gonna accept it straight out of there. We're gonna use what it's given for our structure, for our ideation, and you're gonna spend 30 to 60 minutes just making each concept yours, adding your images, everything. And if you don't like something, just ask it to change the output, okay? So you can bounce back and forth with it, and it'll get you to where you wanna go. So usually, I'll massage the content with a couple prompts to get me where I wanna go before I'll, say, start moving it over to an actual article, okay?

All right, that's it, so now this is the point where I want you to actually complete out your first SEO-driven piece of content, this evergreen content that we can put onto the website and start pulling from, because we're not to social media yet, but I want you to just to see a glimpse of this, right? If we were to go back to one of these previous conversations where we're, let's see, I think we had it over here. Okay, so what do we have? We had all these locations, 10 under-the-radar elopement spots.

Paris that might feel like a movie, right? That was one of the article titles. Wouldn't each of these, like, couldn't I make now a social media reel that said, here are my top 10 favorite engagement locations in Paris, right? You have a social media reel that literally quickly goes through all 10 of those locations. Then couldn't you make 10 more reels that basically tell you like, Hey, look, want to see an elopement at square. I'm now, I know I'm not saying these are square.

or whatever that is, wanna see a location there or wanna see some photos there, and then you simply show images at this one location. So you can go broad and feature all 10 of these in one reel, then you can go narrow and go deep into one of these in another reel. So we got 10 of those. Then look at this, tips for choosing your Parasolomon location. Wouldn't this be a great talking head video? Like, hey, my name is Pye and I'm a Parasolomon photographer. Here are 10 tips, the better way to do this, by the way, and I'll tell you the structure later, but it'd be, I want a quick.

give you 10 tips for choosing your Paris enlopement location. By the way, my name is Pye. I'm an enlopement photographer based out of Paris. Here's my kind of thoughts as a photographer that does this. Number one, go early. Okay, you have a talking headpiece right here. Then you have another suggested photo timeline I don't think is as interesting for a social media reel, but maybe you work that in like you know that that could be one actually that would be pretty useful. Paris enlopement locations, do we need a permit?

That make a great talking head video, right? Hey, do we need a permit to elope in Paris? Generally? No, no permit is required You have multiple talking head pieces right here. You have multiple image centric pieces We have 20 potential pieces of short form content from one evergreen article that we've created This is the idea of top-down marketing design Okay We start from the top we get this evergreen piece onto our website where it's going to generate organic

views over time, it's going to start picking up traction, search, and in the meantime we start capitalizing on that same content by publishing it on social media. And that's just two of the uses because then we can also take it and feature in all the other places. Our newsletter. Don't you think if we are an elopement brand and people are getting married in Paris, don't you think people would like to know this? If they land on my website, wouldn't this make for a fantastic lead magnet? Like 10 incredible locations for your Paris elopement that will make it feel like a movie?

I would give you my email, my phone number for that 100%. So this is how we're gonna get intelligent as we go into marketing. We're not just gonna sit there and grind on social media. We're gonna go at this with purpose and purpose that's gonna yield long-term as well as short-term results, okay? All right, I'm done with my rant. Let's go ahead and pause this, finish this assignment out. And as always, if you have an article that you can publish.

Shit. And if you're like, hey, it'd be great to get someone's eyeballs on this, jump into the group and say, would anyone like to trade an article review? I'm curious what you guys think about this one. I just published this. Ask for feedback from the mentorship group. Cool.