I probably should've said what I just said on the recording. So by the end of this, I want your brand strategist to be that project, that custom GPT or whether you save it as a custom GPT or just as a project, I want it to be the place where it can just give you fantastic answers for your business. But that being said, let's go now into building a valuable one-of-one experience, okay? So how do we actually start differentiating the experience a bit more? Okay.

want y'all to consider in this process is a few ideas. In 2025s, the average wedding costs around $33,000 to $36,000 and it's reported that 58%, somewhere around 60% of couples basically, are willing to increase their budget for things that they value. So as long as we see something that we value that we appreciate, we increase our budgets. And I think most of us can resonate with this idea just in our own personal lives, right? You might be going, well, Popeye, I'm not a wedding photographer. That's fine. Well, look, the average spend for.

Statistically, for luxury IPS portrait experiences within any genre is between 1,400 to $4,500 in 2025, okay? For boudoir, each one of these genres that you might be in, the ranges kind of vary a little bit. So I kind of listed a few common ranges. So for boudoir, it's like 1,800 to 3,200. On the high side, it could be 5,000 plus. Families, 1,400 to 2,500. High side, 3,500 plus. Fine art is 2,000 to 4,500. High side is, and this is like fine art portrait.

Sorry, 7,000 plus. Now, these vary, of course, based on location. So these are averages based across the United States. So if you are in another country, of course, there's purchase price parity type ideas we need to take into account. But if you're in another country and in a luxurious area, if you live in like London, right, then it's gonna be on the high side. If you live in a smaller city, it's gonna be probably towards the mid to a little bit of the lower side. And that goes for wherever you are in the States or abroad. But this is a.

good amount of money, I would venture to say that this is far more than most of us are kind of making on our portrait experiences going into the industry, right? So we can see there's a lot of potential there. The point is to say as long as you have a good experience, people will change their own idea of what they should be spending for something that they actually appreciate, for something that they value. So that's the bottom line. We're all willing to spend money on experiences we value.

How is it that you can build an experience that somebody appreciates and that somebody values? Well, we'd start with like why they aren't seeing value. These are things that we're actively addressing already. Poor website design and online experience, bad quality of imagery and portfolio, slower unresponsive communication, negative sales experience, our brand lacks connection, we haven't built our personality, we haven't humanized the brand, all of those things. We're working through each one of these, but first what I want you to do is, number one.

I always mention this, we're working through this entire program in a step-by-step way. So at any point in time, on a weekly basis, you're working on one thing. So don't get overwhelmed with everything that we have to do. Let's focus on one thing. We're gonna solve this all over time. For right now, what I'd love for you to do is actually list and describe the areas that you want to deliver in your experience, where you want to adjust the experience. Or if you've already done a good job with those, just list them out as like things that you've already accomplished, right? So we're gonna start by just kind of creating a list and then we can.

hackle this list over time. So one last thing, the experience like all of these things is something that you're gonna improve over time, okay? So the perfect plan for building the perfect client experience running out the gate, like if you are, it really doesn't matter if you're building the business from the ground up or if you've already been running this business for a while, trying to sit here and create the perfect experience just to run out of the gate with is virtually impossible. You're gonna build the perfect experience by actually making small changes, small.

tweaks one at a time, getting feedback, seeing what the clients think, making refinements and doing that. So it's an improvement over implementation process, not a perfect the plan and then go with it process. Let's start this. Step number one with the experience planner. So we have a new guide here. To get your mind moving, what I want to ask is basically what are some ways that you want to level up your experience.

What I've done here is I've given you some ideas. So building a website with clear messaging that resonates, we need to recognize that experience starts from the moment that someone lands on our website, on our social media, all the way through to the actual delivery of the service. Experience is throughout all this process, okay? So what I would like to do is I'd like to divide what we're doing here into three different categories. Remember we said we're gonna compete on the ideas of being better, on the ideas of being easier, or on the ideas of being.

faster. Those are the ways we're going to compete, right? So under the first category, I want you to think about what are ways that you can level up your experience in it, or in short, what are ways you can make it better? These are ideas of that personalizing your homepage with an experience video, right? Using the wave in your sales process, value selling this hugely levels up your experience, building packages around your client's values. A lot of these components are things that are just naturally built into what we're doing in this entire program. And then a lot.

of them that we're going to bring up are basically like optional things like they're things like like of course I want you to have an experience video on your landing page but if we're just starting out we don't need to start with this we can build this on later right so depending on where you're at in your business we're going to be looking at different components to improve basically but what I've given you in steps 1 through 16 is like these are in my opinion the everybody must do type things to have a good grounded luxury experience just right off the bat

at, okay, and then you can look to improve it in different areas. Creating an onboarding and welcome guide, right? That'd be beautiful. Uh, authentically personalizing your brand experience. That's one thing that we're building in as well. Delivering an elevated shoot experience. Like what can we do for the shoot itself? All of these are components of better. And guess what? We're going to use our brand strategist. This is one of those areas where you really need to use the brand strategist or a continued conversation. So like if you had all of this in a new conversation, great. Um, I didn't design you standalone.

because we kind of need the AI to understand where we're at. So use your branding strategies, okay? So let's go back to this for a second. Let's go back to chat GPT and drop this in. So now we're gonna drop that in and it's gonna give me ideas focused on better. 10 ways you can elevate North Nest client experience from first click to final imagery, and there we go. Personalized welcome video, emotion-driven inquiry form prompts, beautiful story-driven welcome guide, audio or video notes. You can say, give me 10 more.

or whatever you want to do, but it gives you a ton of different ideas. Now, these are ideas. What I don't want you to do is just to start implementing for the sake of implementing. What I want you to do is think of what you want to deliver in the process, bring your personality, your vision into this. And more and more, I believe this, as we move into this kind of like AI world, right? All the information, all of the ideas of what to do, they're gonna be easily and readily available for everybody. What I believe business.

is going to become is that it's going to become a human experience like we're going to want connection with people because that is a core human need and beyond that the business itself our function becomes really a role of curation we are the curators of what the experience is of how to develop a good service because all the ideas are out there and they're easy to pick and pull and to implement relatively what is important is that we choose the right ones what is important is that we curate

the process, curate the actual experience to the people that we're serving. That's what's going to be more and more valuable as we go forward. But this is pretty cool, right? So it gives you all these ideas, a post-delivery reflection letter. I never thought about that. But if I were running an Elogan brand, how cool would that be? That would be so fitting for an Elogan brand. All right. So now we go to ideas. And what I want you to do is go to your brand and strategy workbook. And what I've given you is a new section of my experience planner, okay? And what I've done is kind of listed out the area of business. So if you click here, it'll say this is my website.

this is my sales process, this is my onboarding, my shoot process, my delivery process. So I kind of listed out the primary areas. If you ever wanted to add to this list, if you wanted to add a category, you just click the edit button and you can add another item right here if you'd like, okay, or delete or change. You can customize this however you see fit. But then just add a description of what that is. And what we have here is basically a list of things that I can improve to improve my experience over time. Again, this isn't a place to be overwhelmed. We're not gonna try to do all.

these things at the same time, we're gonna work on it over time. And by the way, if you wanna add more rows, you can go to this at any point, select anything from the last row up and just click and say insert row above, or you can select multiple and say insert three rows above, and it'll give you more rows with the same formatting and everything. All right, so I'm gonna go ahead and just, how do I choose nothing? We'll just delete these. Delete, okay, perfect. All right, so we have better now built in, better. Let's go now to easy.

Okay, I'm gonna get your mind moving with a few ideas on how you can make your experience easier. So some ideas here, a website flow, like the actual flow of the site is designed to answer questions they have, right? It's kind of a guide. We can have a curated start here guide. We can create an effortless inquiry experience where we make the process so simple and I love having a simple form and then calling them. That's part of like an effortless inquiry experience, right? Instant proposal and contract review that we can do over the phone. We can have step-by-step.

onboarding, like what's next after they sign up, all of these things make the process easier. So these are ideas, and once again, we're gonna give this to our brand strategist. Okay, so we're gonna go right here and pop this in, and you're gonna get more ideas specific to your brand. So here it goes. Well, with North Nest, our elopement brand, here's one. First, clarity and website navigation. So what it's like instead of experience. Talk stories instead of portfolios. Start here.

instead of contact. A guided pricing PDF with built-in FAQs. Pre-written timeline template checklists. This or that style decision tools. A guided booking calendar with auto follow-up. Don't have them choose a date for a call, don't, don't. If it goes against, if it's giving you guidance that goes against what we talk about in this program, please come and verify, like ask somebody, right? I don't like booking calendars because, yeah, they often get bypassed, they often don't end up booking a time slot, and they often no-show with those. So.

There's a reason and a time and a place to do this, but for most of us, we want to follow the five minute rule. Anytime we get their information, just call them. So that would be in conflict. Okay, a client portal with everything in one place, visual outfits. We get lots of great ideas from this, all right? With that done, now we go to step three. What are ways that we can improve the experience by being faster? Again, I gave you plenty of ideas. Look, a lot of these, again, are built in. The five minute rule, quick lead response time, right? Live inquiry response via smart automation. This is like when they land on your website. You could have one of those.

automated AI tools pop up. The thing is that you wanna make sure that they act like a human, so you make sure that they're well-guided so it doesn't sound like a robot that's talking to them. But an instant proposal and contract review via phone, one-click console scheduling, this is useful, this is that idea of the calendar. This is useful when they, for example, refuse to answer your calls, or you have to reach out via email. Like maybe it's your last email that you're gonna send to them, and before you cut it off and you say, look, if you'd like to get on my calendar, you can book it here, but this'll be.

my last follow up with you. That's useful for that place. It's also useful if we have hundreds of leads and we just need to create a filter right off the bat. But for most of us, we just wanna follow the five minute rule. Sneak peeks within 24 hours where applicable of course, this doesn't apply to like IPS models. Clear delivery timeline and then you beat that timeline. This is again, inclusive models, not IPS. But let's go back to our brand strategist and plug this in. Okay. So let's jump right here.

And I'm not going to sit and wait through it all, but again, it's going to give us 10 ways based on your business, based on what you've defined. All right. Cool. Okay. This is where I'd love for you to kind of pause and get some really good ideas into that planner. Get into the brand and strategy workbook under tab one into your experience planner. You don't have to finish filling this completely out. If you can get a couple into each of these sections, I think that'd be great. But these are ideas that.

I want you to hold in your mind of like, well, what can I do over time to improve these things? And again, don't overwhelm yourself. Think of when you're working on these areas in your business, choose one area and make that your focus for the week. Sometimes it might even take a little bit more, but make that the entire focus for one period of time to accomplish. And that's it. We're not going to try to do five different things at once. That's a, that's a recipe for, for overwhelm. If you have any questions, though, jump into the mentorship group and a holler done with his lesson.

MBC 뉴스 이덕영입니다.