Calls five emails by all means you you set this for yourself. I would say that three calls is like my minimum Okay, three emails is my minimum. So meaning the first

email that they get is right after the lead comes through. I send them like a, an email that says it's a confirmation, right? So that's already one email. My second email is like, I've tried to reach out.

them and I send them and you'll say, Hey, I just reached out in case you know, you, you, you didn't recognize my phone number. It's this, um, that's, this is my phone number. So you, you, you.

you know next time, I'll try again tomorrow. And then after the next call, then I'm gonna send another email. So basically like I'm following up, I try three times with the phone.

I try three times with email if I'm not hearing back. It's time to let go Okay, we've already talked about like what are the best times to call and and those specific

things so if you have any questions on that refer back to steps 15 when we talked about basically phone sales okay and we talked about kind of like the five-minute rule and all those details there

All right, so with that, let's go ahead now and actually speak on objections. Objections are one of my all-time favorites.

it what i think is a not so hairy scary monster of a kind of topic and lesson okay i know it feels that way it feels like this hairy scary monster

but it's really not. And this is one of my favorite things because when you understand this, when you understand that objections are actually guiding your conversation, you're going to level.

level up your sales skills to an entirely different degree. All right, let's go ahead and continue. All right, first we have.

to accept that no, hearing a no really is not the problem that we think it is. So we're going to be doing a bit of mindset work and specifically...

Specifically, what we're really doing when we talk about mindset in this sense, like throughout this program, is it falls under the umbrella of basically CBT or Cognitive Behavioral

therapy. Okay, which means that if you've ever gone to a therapist, especially someone that specializes in CBT, you'll find that a lot of the conversations, a lot of the techniques, a lot of the tips

that they offer you are gonna be very similar to some of the things that you've been hearing in this program. That's kind of the space that I spent the most time studying. So, your

Relationship with money. I've mentioned this before, but especially in the objection process. Your relationship with money are gonna be painfully obvious.

Especially when it comes to objections because most of the time we're going to interpret objections Well, this is really the way we interpret it these fears the fear of no

us it means something different like when someone says no or when someone says you're too expensive or when someone says so and so is cheaper the way

that we interpret that as creatives and as artists is typically, not always, but it's typically, well I must have done something wrong or my work and my service just isn't...

isn't good enough, or maybe I said something that was bad, maybe I offended them, or even worse, this business was just a dumb idea. What was I thinking going?

going down this road. I'm such an idiot for doing this. Or I'm not good enough as a blank. It could be, I'm not good enough as an artist, I'm not good enough.

good enough as a photographer, I'm not good enough as a business woman or a businessman, I'm not good enough as a person. This is where our mind tends to go and we have to

to acknowledge that because it's that fear of the objection. It's that fear that prevents us from actually approaching a sales conversation from a neutral standpoint.

standpoint with that, that, that fear, that thought in our head is what turns us offensive. Like when we, when we hear something like this, we don't take it from a.

neutral stance, we kind of go on the offense, right? And we start attacking back, or we get defensive and we kind of shell up and go, oh, well, you must not be the right person for me.

Or we just kind of shut down and we just don't know what to say after that. These are common fight, flight, freeze responses.

is that you're going to see in the sales process. And so we have to address this. We have to recognize that as artists, most of us, we're so afraid.

of hearing objections or the dreaded no, that we're actually gonna avoid sales, or we're gonna design a sales process that makes it difficult to close.

meaning like we're gonna try to avoid phone conversations, we're gonna try to do everything over email, we're gonna try not to close over the phone because that makes us uncomfortable, so we're gonna say

Oh, I'll send you the contract after we finished this call. All of these things are going to constantly be coming up and I want you to recognize them for what they are and address them.

Because if we don't shut these things down, we're always gonna struggle in the sales process. And the thing is that I don't want you to struggle in the sales process, not only from a revenue standpoint, but look.

If sales to you is difficult, if it's stressful, if it's not enjoyable, you're not gonna do it. That's the thing that I worry about.

If this process is difficult for you, you're simply going to try to skip it and the result of that is that we're not going to convert nearly as many leads as we could. You should be

inverting just for reference, 80% of qualified leads. What that means is, assuming that they are somewhere in the budget range, maybe not the.

top end, but they are considering your budget. Maybe you're asking for more than they expect, but they would consider it. That's qualified to me, okay?

80% of the people that are qualified, if you get them on the phone, you should be able to convert them. That's where I want you to land at. And you can go up for that. 80% is your.

safe number, okay? So what we're gonna start doing is disconnecting everything. We're gonna basically start rewiring our brains. I mean, we've already been doing it, but.

Really in this process, we have to take the last and final step of disconnecting and rewiring the rest of it. I'm going to have you start by understanding that.

You cannot assume that the reason your client has an objection to something has anything to do with your fears, your worries.

or what you might object to. Their objections are not your objections, neither are they direct personal attacks on you.

What I want you to rewire yourself to understand is that instead of fearing no, what I want you to recognize and rewire is that no in a conversation, anytime somebody

says no, it gives you an actual place to go. Now, a no might come in a number of different ways, right? It doesn't always come across as just a direct no. A no could be, you know,

but so-and-so is cheaper. A no could be, well I'm not yet sure. A no could be, you know, I need to talk to my spouse. These are all no's in different ways, right? But a no gives you a direction for the

conversation to go, but the empty yes is what ends the conversation. We all know what that empty yes is. It's when my mother calls me.

And she wants to talk about how I'm going to hell because I no longer go to church anymore. And I'm like, yes, mom. Yes, I totally get it. No, I know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, okay, I'll talk to you later. That's the empty yes, right? We know the empty yes. It's the yes that we give to close out a conversation.

Oh, yeah, yeah, that sounds good. Yep. Yep. Nope. Yeah. Yeah, I'll call you. Yep. Yep Be afraid of that Don't be afraid

of no. You'll see why no gives us a place to go as we continue. The next thing I want to rewire is for you to recognize that objections

are simply beliefs. What I mean is, people don't object to facts, okay? You are more expensive than another person. I object! You're more expensive.

expensive than the other person. They're not objecting to that. What they're objecting to is this belief that they hold about those facts. It's not that you're more expensive.

I can't really object to that. That's obvious, that's factual. My belief is that, well, I could get the same service from somebody else for less.

believe that piece. So what we wanna do, and when we hear an objection, is to actually recognize that an objection isn't based on anything factual, it's based on.

on the belief that they hold against those facts. And so what we need to do is actually speak to the belief, not the thing that they're actually saying. The thing that they're actually saying

are just words. There's a belief behind that because we as people, we don't generally say what we actually believe. This is a, if you ever, I've studied a

of writing. I love writing. And one of the things that you learn in writing, in like writing for television, writing for movies, or writing for novels, is that anytime you create dialogue

You have to understand that a person doesn't actually say what they believe. They say something around it. In fact, if you write dialogue where it's like...

Yeah, I really want to go on this date, but I'm afraid that person's going to reject me. It sounds robotic. Nobody thinks that way. Nobody says anything like that.

Instead, they would say something like, man, yeah, she's incredibly attractive, but I don't know, dude. That's what they would say instead.

Or a number of things other than that. But they are not going to spill the belief. So what I want you to recognize is that when somebody objects, whatever phrase it is that they say,

That's not actually what they mean necessarily. It's a reflection of a belief. Speak to that. So, samples of this.

When someone says this is too expensive, they could be saying, well, I don't know that I value this enough to spend that much money on it. Even when they say like,

can't afford this, right? It's really more like, I don't know that I value this enough to spend that much money on it. Because we've all been in that place where we go, I can't afford.

board something, I'll say to my kids, I'll say to my wife, oh, we can't afford to go on that trip. That's not true at all. We can't afford to go on that trip. It's just, I don't think that that.