even if that's not me. So even if I get booked up for your date in the meantime, I want you to feel free to use me as a resource if you have any questions as you kind of continue looking for a photographer.

So I'm going to give you my cell phone number. Please feel free to text me or buzz me anytime. Now this is where if they did not take me up on this where they kind of like express what they're

concerns are, then I'm gonna end with this. And what I'm doing here is I'm planting something. I'm saying, look, I wanna help you guys find a good fit even if it's not me.

even if I get booked up in this time that you're looking, I still wanna be a resource to you. This is a little bit of a urgency anchor. Like, look, just because you guys don't.

book doesn't mean I'm going to stop looking for somebody for that date or stop looking for another client, but I still want to be here to help. This is a great way, it's kind of like a little bit of a power move.

to say like, hey, you know, your time is valuable too. to them in the process.

process. And you'd be surprised at how many clients have texted me at some point and been like, Hey Pi, we do have some questions on this and we talk and then they go, by chance, are you still free for

our date and I go, I actually, I just so happened to be and then we book. So this is a great way of handling this. But if someone says, I'll get back to you.

I want you to address it. It sounds like something is giving you pause. Are there any concerns that you'd like to share with me since we're here chatting on the phone?

And don't worry, you can be completely open, completely honest. I want to help you in this process. That's it. Okay, let's keep going. So I've given you a bunch.

of these tools now, we've talked about basically each of these different methods of objection handling, we've given you kind of the format for what we're doing, right, we're trying to look for that underlying belief and address.

it and what I want you to recognize from this point moving forward that sales I heard this phrase from jiu-jitsu and I absolutely love it okay because in jiu-jitsu

Sue in competition. You can you can translate this to really any sport. It's just the place that I learned it when a kid goes into a tournament or an adult goes into a tournament. You're either going to win or you're going to lose.

gonna learn right the idea there is honestly you actually learn more from the losses than you do from the wins from the wins we kind of just know that okay whatever we did worked

We don't like, we don't really pick up anything new. It's confirmation that we were doing things correctly, but it's from the loss that we actually go, Hey, there were things here that we didn't do.

directly, things here that we can improve on. So when it comes to your sales conversations, I want you, the sales consultations and conversations, I want you to recognize and truly.

believe in this idea that it's either a win or we're going to learn. There is no loss in the process. If you honestly ask me, and this is not a bullshit line that I'm giving you, there

There is no such thing as a loss, so long as there was something that you gained from the experience. If you gained some level of lesson, some level of.

experience if you gain something from it there was no loss now if you lost without learning anything then yes I would put that in a category of like that was a loss all right but as

As long as you learn, there is no failure in the process. Someone mentioned that this idea actually came from Nelson Mandela, which is cool. I did not know that. That's really awesome.

Oh, Meredith mentioned it, all right. So what I'm going to give you is this, a post-sales checklist and an AI analysis tool, all right? I'm going to show you how to use both.

Most console checklist is pretty dang simple. All right, this is basically all the different lessons that we've kind of been focusing on throughout the sales process. And whenever you wrap up a console.

or even a role play, I want you to be 100% honest with yourself and check off the boxes, all right? Now, when it comes to speaking to a qualified lead, as long as they are not.

Mostly unqualified, we check the box. Then, were we able to follow the five minute rule? Were we timely in getting back to them? If we got back in 30 minutes, jot that down, 30 minutes, okay?

I want you to start seeing the patterns. How were we during the opening of the conversation? Was it smooth? Did we develop a quick sense of trust and advocacy, even if it was short?

Do we avoid feature selling and technical details? The more check marks you can get on this list, the better. Are we asking for the clothes directly on the phone?

I want you to be doing that. Are we attempting to resolve questions and concerns? Are we communicating clearly? Are we scheduling the next step if we couldn't close? So this.

is gonna be a wonderful tool for you in both role plays as well as actual consults to kind of point out what's going on and what might be going wrong in these situations.

Any point, if we're having an issue with the wave, if we're having an issue with presenting the solution, you know exactly where to go in the course. You simply go back to that place, do a little refresher on it, and then practice again.

I've built you another tool. This is the AI and wave coach. I'm going to show you how to use it Okay, you're gonna record. This is one of the things that I've always encouraged you all to do is to

record your sales consultations, every one of them, record your role plays too. They're incredibly helpful to watch back. But what we're gonna do, whether you record via phone.

or with Zoom, whatever application that you're using is totally fine. We can take the audio or the video file, we can drop it into either Descript or Riverside. Descript, I believe,

We can open it up. I believe they give you one hour a month or so of free transcription. If you want more than that, then obviously it would be a paid service.

Usually if you just want to review one, like look, the sales conversation I did with Meredith that I had to do, that was 26 minutes. So you could actually do two of those. You know, you get one hour of total.

There's also Riverside.

What we're gonna do is go to chat GPT and we're gonna go right here and we're gonna go to add photos. So you're gonna click that sales and wave coach link which will take you to this spot and you can click.

year or you can just literally just upload a transcript right. If we click there it'll give us a bit of instructions and I'll say got it OK you can upload a transcript and I'm going to score it using the wave. So what I'm.

to do is just demonstrate for you I have my conversation with Meredith it was placed into a text file we're just gonna click open okay

And then I'm not even gonna say anything. I'm just gonna submit it. Okay. Now it's gonna review the entire thing. And watch this. It gives me.

tire scorecard. So here's my wave scorecard. Did I hit the pattern interrupt? How about emotional visualization, anti-analytical framing, emotional anchoring, force prioritization.

key emotional questions the value board transfer the bonus re-entry so i got a bonus re-entry because meredith gave me so many freaking objections that this said flawless re-entry

after price logical objections you loop back to her family parroted family psychology parroted story and authentic imagery instead of defending the cost that was why it was one of my

favorite examples, it gives you best moments, missed opportunities. So look, I love what it offered here. And this is where it took a lot of time because initially it was saying things like

Well, I'll tell you what it's saying. But here it said the session fee, what I said was the session fee is 250, nothing is included beyond the time to capture the images. And it said, this is a logic first, low trust.

It broke the emotional rhythm and I was like, you're absolutely right. It would have been better. It said use value first framing saying the session fee actually covers creative planning and design.

that we spend crafting what will become your family's story. Everything else is purchased in addition to that. This would have been such a better phrasing for that. Now a lot of the place where it got hung up was

is when I say things like most of my clients spend around two to $3,000, it was defaulting back to like really bad sales principles where it would say things like, oh, before we.

price let's just go into this conversation before we do that before we let me figure out that's and so we I had to do a lot of working on the logic to get it to not do

what typically is is kind of like followed in bad sales philosophy. So in each of these, it gives me like a better version.

We do a reveal session. This is too procedural. Replace with emotional context. Once the images are ready, we're going to design together how you'd love to experience them, whether that's in your home, whether...

I'm like, man, now we're nailing it. It's going to give you an entire radio set,

It's going to give you like overall execution, everything. And it should give you really good feedback. And if it doesn't, please let me know. I'm sure there's going to be.

places where we can make improvements to it, but I want you to use this tool. It is going to be highly helpful to you as an analytical tool to understand what's happening after.

one of these consultations or even one of your role plays. I'm also gonna say this, I've tested it quite a bit. I spent more than 10 hours designing this one because I had to test and go.

back and forth multiple times, it's good, but it is still an AI-based tool. So your judgment is required, meaning if it says something strange, please report it to

to the mentorship group and say, hey, the AI said this. Ideally, you give me a section of like what it said so I can see like where it went wrong. And then I can kind of.

updates to it or I can tell you yes in this case it was actually correct or no in this case this is what I would do and I'll look to make an update to it. Please take advantage, please use all of the

tools and let's turn you into a sales Jedi. All right, hope you enjoyed.