It's still it is what it is. It is a discount. We're just using a fancier term So I don't need to say no, I don't ever discount my work. So yes in my collections. I often

offer you a savings. Cool? Objection! Can you come down on price? Okay.

If they have a problem with the price, this might be like the final question that they ask, right? And again, you're still gonna respond with a yes. Like.

crazy, right? Like, yes, I can. We're not going to say no, because this is how you're going to do it. So look, what is likely the belief underneath this is I like what you're

offering. I've enjoyed the conversation that we've had. I'm just not sure that I believe there's enough of what I value of what I value to justify the price.

price. Okay? That means the things that either we haven't done necessarily a good enough job of conveying value or it's just that there's certain things

in those collections that they value more than others okay so this is a this is a value issue but if they're asking you this question can you just come down to the price a little bit

or anything along these lines, you have to recognize that they're still in the conversation. They're still there. They like you. They like what you're doing. They appreciate the service.

They're just maybe, again, it could be the belief of like, why not ask, but most likely it's just like, there's a little bit here that I'm kind of stuck with, some of the things that I maybe.

I don't appreciate as much as others so we're going to address that and we're going to say absolutely absolutely like can you come down and Bryce absolutely it sounds like though

There might be something in here that's maybe not as important to you. Is there anything in your package that you feel like you might not want or need? For example, if we remove X, I can bring

down the price by Y, okay? So it's very simple. I didn't offer a discount, did I? When I said absolutely, it didn't.

mean that I was discounting my service, it means like, absolutely, I can bring the price down a bit. What is less important to you?

okay don't i want you to do your best and when i say this it's always with a with a caveat right there are some instances where

where like you really want to work with somebody. They need a little extra nudge, you know, and this is a great client, you know it's gonna be a great fit, and you might make.

Like just to sweeten the pot a little bit, to get them to book right now, maybe you do something. Maybe you offer a little discount. That's fine from time to time. I'm not gonna hit you over the head about that.

What I want you to avoid, though, is discounting as a method to close regularly. Discounting, whenever you discount something for.

no reason, it completely destroys the value that you've established. Why? Because for absolutely no reason, you're able to bring down the price.

So why can't you bring down the price more? It shows that there is no justification for the prices that you charge because how can you simply offer a discount?

without removing anything so when somebody asked about price this is the way we're going to handle the objection yeah absolutely I can come down the price

It sounds like maybe something in here might not be as important to you, and we're going to handle it that way. We're going to remove to bring the price down. Okay.

Objection, but it's not a wedding. I shouldn't be charged wedding rates. We're not having a reception Nobody's gonna be in wedding clothes. Obviously this just applies to wedding photographers

But you might hear examples of this in different arenas, right? They're going to downplay, Oh, it's just a party. It's not really a wedding. I get it.

I get what they're doing. The belief there is that, hey, this is probably going to be a lot less work for you than your normal client, so I shouldn't be charged.

the same amount as your normal client, okay? That's the belief. We're going to speak to the belief. So we're gonna say, there's different

And again, you can use your own phrasing for all of it. You know, I'd be happy to give you my event rate. If you're looking for three hours or less of basic event coverage, and it's.

not on a Saturday or Sunday. Did I say no? Did I reject it? Did I, no. I said yes, as long as it follows the.

criteria that works for me. If you want to give them a little bit more of an explanation, oh, I got you. So it sounds like, again, remember the common phrasing.

It sounds like your event is going to be smaller than a typical wedding, right? So I understand why you'd ask that. Cause honestly, I would do the same thing. Um, just so you're aware though, I.

price based on opportunity. And what that means is if I take on your wedding, I actually turn down any other business that comes my way. Does that make sense? That's why, despite the.

size of a wedding, I can't offer discounts. If it falls on a Saturday or a Sunday, then I still have to charge the same rates because I'm turning down any other business.

But I'd be happy to give him my event rate. If you're looking for three hours or less of basic event coverage, that isn't a Saturday or Sunday. Do you think we could do that? Do you think we could?

and shift the wedding to maybe like a Thursday or a Friday? I never said no. And now I've addressed the belief.

while also respecting it, right? We respect that like, that's a fair belief. If I'm gonna do less work, it should cost less. Cool.

I've got to ask my spouse first. There's many interpretations to this one. The humorous part of me wants to say some of them, but I won't.

because they can be offensive. I try only defend my children. Okay, I have to ask my spouse first. Sometimes this is valid, sometimes it's not.

excuse either way I want to kind of give you a solution to this. Usually the belief is somewhere around this area like I'm not the decision maker here or it could be

hey I want my partner to validate this decision so I don't get in trouble. Now trouble can mean a number of things it doesn't necessarily mean that the person is a pushover it means that trouble could be they

They both regret it. Trouble could be that they don't get the images that they want. Trouble could be that they later argue about it. Trouble could be a number of different things, but essentially it's, I'm not.

comfortable making this decision or I don't believe that I can make this decision without my partner for whatever reason it might be. So how do we handle this? We would say

Hey, I totally understand. Look, I want your husband, your wife, your spouse, whoever this person is. I want your significant other to be on the same page as well. How about we actually loop them into?

call right now. Okay, like half the time they'll be like, oh that's a great idea. The other half time they'll be like, oh I love that, but they're...

at work right now, okay? If it's, that's a great idea, we do it right now, we just continue the process. All right, let's hop on, let's get them on the phone, let's keep, don't you wanna see what they would say to the Wave too?

Yeah, that'd be really cool. Okay, if another potential one is this, is like, let's say they're not available, right? I would say, look, I actually really wanna.

I have that chat with your spouse as well, and I actually wanna make sure that we incorporate their values into our shoot, just like I did with you, right? Because we've completed the wave with them. Wouldn't it be fun to hear?

hear what their answers to the wave would be. So how about we do this? How about we continue the conversation with them on this date and time and offer us a.

specific date and time. Don't end the call without the date and time. If they say, like, oh, you know, I gotta check their schedule, then you go, how about this?

that time typically work for them? And they go, yeah, sometimes. Well, okay, if that time doesn't work, what about this time? And you go, okay, and what I'll do is if you need to reschedule after we end the call.

Let's at least end it with a date on the calendar and then if you need to reschedule it, you've spoken to them by all means, but I don't want to, I don't want to hang up with you and not have a time because sometimes it's hard to get away.

hold of each other again. You know, I'm busy, you're busy, anything like that, right? All right, so we're gonna respect the objection and the belief.

belief, but we're going to try to address it right there and see if we can bring them on. If not, we're going to schedule the next consultation with them. Objection. Okay.

I'll get back to you. I hate this one. This falls under the meaningless yes territory. Okay, I'll get back to you. This is often happening because

they're not seeing the value in our offering. We might've kind of like flubbed somewhere along the way, the presentation, the wave, whatever it might be, or sometimes it could.

be because they genuinely just need more time. Although I usually find, I'll get back to you, tends to be the former. It tends to be, we didn't connect with them in a way that was.

Meaningful, we didn't present value in a way that's meaningful. So look, I still want you to address the objection and use it as an opportunity to practice. There's a belief.

there. Usually it's, I don't feel like I'm ready to make this decision yet, or I don't know that I'm seeing enough value here. And I would say 80% of the time.

It's this I don't know that I'm seeing enough value here. So I want you to address that No worries. I understand. This is a big decision. I

Sounds like something might be giving you pause though. Do you have any concerns that I can help you with while we're here on the phone? We want to recognize there might be some sort of.

a problem. It sounds like something's giving you pause. Do you have any questions? Anything that that I can help you with while we're on the phone?

And you can even encourage them. You can be 100% honest with me. I totally get it. Okay? Another optional fallback

follow up is basically saying something like, you know, I know sometimes we just need time to think, but look, I wanna help you guys find a good fit.