Welcome to step 16. I am stoked for this one. This is where we're gonna be handling objections and kind of working on just basically sales.

Astery, I want you to dive into this, like especially when you have gone through the sales process, this module right here is gonna really help.

help you to refine your sales skills, which again, these translate to everything that we do. So specifically, so basically what I'm saying is don't sleep on this. But specifically.

The topics and pain points that we're addressing is, well, how do I deal with objections? I don't want you just to deal with them. I want you to literally get comfortable with objections, get to a place where you...

not only expect them, but you actually want them because it gives you a place to go in the conversation. We're talking about like, when do you stop following up with somebody? When do you kind of just cut them loose and let them go?

We're gonna talk about specific objections like what do you say when people go that's a lot of money or but so-and-so is cheaper Or do you offer discounts? Can you come down on price, but this is not a wedding, you know

I have to ask my partner first all of these common objections I've built right into the lesson material so I can give you specific examples but what I really want you to take away from this

This is the framework, the approach. Because at that place, if you're using the framework and the approach of how to handle objections, it really doesn't matter what somebody says.

you're going to always know what to say. But with these common ones, I thought they make for great examples and we're going to get into those. Once again, this is fast paced. Please pause, please implement, please.

throughout the sales section.

itself. So steps 12 through 16, meaning like you would expect to spend three to $5,000 on a program like this and it's

built right into 10K, 2K. So not only do I want you to take advantage of it, I want you to repeat, to come back to this section as you actually have some experience with call.

balls as you do role plays because each time you go back through, you're going to pick up new nuances and just further refine your skill set. In between sessions, once again, the membership, the mentorship

group it's there for you to ask questions it's there for you to seek advice give feedback and to share wins or aha moments and specifically with the sales section it's there for you to actually

find role play buddies to practice the things that you're learning. Okay. That's it for our intro. Let's dive in. I got for you sales goodies. Okay.

And look, what I'm gonna tell you is that these sales goodies, they are worth 10K on their own, okay? The promise in this course was a $10,000 mentorship program. What I'm giving you in this sales.

portion of the course with all the goodies, all the lessons, as well as the bonus materials, it is worth the price of admission on its own, okay? So please take advantage.

The first thing I want to remind you of is the sales handbook. This is going to be the summary scripts for the entire sales portion, including like kind of summary of like the lesson material itself.

I will remind you again, this is not meant to be used as a standalone, it's meant to be used in conjunction with the lessons, but I've summarized everything here so you can have it as a quick reference guide.

i've also updated this recently with the v2 update as well so if you have the older version of this go ahead and re-download anytime i do updates i'll let you guys know and there is a major

update to this right now. The next piece is the AI and Wave coach. I've created a AI based coach that has the entire set of instructions.

I ran through multiple sales conversations and I tweaked the feedback and the instruction data set constantly to basically get you really good feedback.

So it's going to use the wave process to actually analyze and help you to understand what's going on in an actual sales console and keep in mind too, you can record your role plays and you can actually.

Upload it here as well for feedback on your role plays or real sales consults. Use this tool. It is incredibly powerful. I'm going to teach you at the end of this.

module, how to use it. There'll be a specific lesson at the very end, but I want to remind you and show you that this is there. The other things I'm going to show you are these signature role plays.

There have been some role plays that we've uploaded. Some of them are actually real. So this in step 14, how to close every client, I actually uploaded some boosters and there's also a booster for a

commercial booking as well. But these are actual clients where I book the clients and we had, I think their father on the phone as well. I think the mother was there too actually. But.

Not only do I give you the actual console itself, but also a narrated version of it so you can hear what I'm kind of thinking as we get to different phases in the conversation.

This is a real consultation. Again, take advantage of this. This is huge. Another Signature Roleplay session.

phone conversations basically as we practice some of these role plays that we do, we had a really great set of role plays that we did where we practiced how do you do the wave over the phone, specifically how

you condense it into these shorter periods. This is a beautiful set of role plays there and what I've done is just I've just shown you this step so it's at the end of step 14 is where you're gonna find these at the end of

step 15 you're going to find these. I place these boosters in the section that is most appropriate. The signature role play is going to the section.

in the the section of phone sales that's where we have the phone recordings or those role plays. There's another set here in step 16.

where we have dealing with step 16 is all about objection handling and mastery, right? This is the best place for these role plays

We recently did role plays with Meredith, we did it with Alessandro and Tommy, and we also had a past one that we did where, I think it was with Viviana,

where we basically go through tough objections. All of these are fantastic examples of how to deal with objections, how to sell to people when it might feel more awkward. Like some of us.

They're comfortable selling to women, but when we sell to men, we're a little bit more awkward because, hey, we think that men can't be emotional or it's more difficult to make the emotional sale.

So all of these are to help tune your abilities. I especially love the one that we did with Meredith. It was an incredibly tough sales scenario. Please.

Do not sleep on these. So what I wanna show you is that these goodies by themselves are worth the price of admission. Make sure to use them. That's it, let's go on to the next lesson.

Alright, so before we get into specifically dealing with objections, right, I do want to just mention this. That three calls, three emails, that's my personal opinion.

rule to move on okay what I'm saying here is that we're gonna look we're in the business of photography we're in the business of getting leads and

We want to get lots of leads and ultimately that means that we're gonna get quite a few people that come our ways that's just not our kind of client. It could be a budget reason, it could be just not a good fit.

they're not timely in responding whatever it might be. So I don't want us to feel like we have to convert every single person because that's literally impossible and trying to convert every single

person is going to be detrimental to your business as well. So I have some simple rules, okay? Knowing when it's time to let go. So at a certain point, we have to let somebody go and the.

way that I do that is I simply fire off the pricing and experience guide. So the one we designed earlier, I just fired off with a simple email and then I basically cut them loose. So if we're.

this is your catch and release moment, right? We got the lead, we caught the lead, but we're not gonna be able to eat it, we're not gonna be able to do anything with it, so we're gonna release it back into the wild. And the way I do that is a simple email.

I might say something like, and this is just an example, so please design it however you like. But hey, so-and-so, I've tried a few times to get a hold of you. I'd love to chat, but I don't wanna keep bothering you.

I've gone ahead and attached my experience and price guide if you have any questions, please click here You can book a free consultation. You can also put a different CTA in there if you have any questions

please give me a buzz. If you have any questions, please respond to this email. That's totally fine. But I think if you want the highest conversion rate from this, set up a Calendly link.

that says, you know, please click here for a free consultation and have them directly book the right onto your calendar. Because the likelihood at this point that they

they're gonna reach out to us is not that high. So if they are gonna reach it back out to us, they might as well be directly booking an appointment at that point, okay? But you can.

modify that as you see fit. So this means that after I've tried to call them three times and I haven't been able to successfully reach them, I've emailed them three times and I've gotten no response.

I cut them loose. That's my rule, okay? You could make a rule like one of the clients that I coach, a different business, it's a physical therapy practice.

They have a rule of we follow up until we hear a no, that's probably actually the best rule in sales is that you follow up whenever someone's.

offers a lead, you follow up until they say no, essentially, right? If we want to maximize revenue, that is the best way to do it, but it also might feel uncomfortable.

for some of you i'd rather you um embrace part of the like i'd rather you actually do something versus like try to go 100 with it and and sometimes we can't go 100

We can't keep following up with people over and over. Not only the uncomfortable feeling, but we might just not have the time, right? So that's why I set a simple rule of three calls, three emails. If you wanna do five.

Calls five emails by all means you you set this for yourself. I would say that three calls is like my minimum Okay, three emails is my minimum. So meaning the first

email that they get is right after the lead comes through. I send them like a, an email that says it's a confirmation, right? So that's already one email. My second email is like, I've tried to reach out.

them and I send them and you'll say, Hey, I just reached out in case you know, you, you, you didn't recognize my phone number. It's this, um, that's, this is my phone number. So you, you, you.

you know next time, I'll try again tomorrow. And then after the next call, then I'm gonna send another email. So basically like I'm following up, I try three times with the phone.

I try three times with email if I'm not hearing back. It's time to let go Okay, we've already talked about like what are the best times to call and and those specific

things so if you have any questions on that refer back to steps 15 when we talked about basically phone sales okay and we talked about kind of like the five-minute rule and all those details there

All right, so with that, let's go ahead now and actually speak on objections. Objections are one of my all-time favorites.

it what i think is a not so hairy scary monster of a kind of topic and lesson okay i know it feels that way it feels like this hairy scary monster

but it's really not. And this is one of my favorite things because when you understand this, when you understand that objections are actually guiding your conversation, you're going to level.

level up your sales skills to an entirely different degree. All right, let's go ahead and continue. All right, first we have.

to accept that no, hearing a no really is not the problem that we think it is. So we're going to be doing a bit of mindset work and specifically...

Specifically, what we're really doing when we talk about mindset in this sense, like throughout this program, is it falls under the umbrella of basically CBT or Cognitive Behavioral

therapy. Okay, which means that if you've ever gone to a therapist, especially someone that specializes in CBT, you'll find that a lot of the conversations, a lot of the techniques, a lot of the tips

that they offer you are gonna be very similar to some of the things that you've been hearing in this program. That's kind of the space that I spent the most time studying. So, your

Relationship with money. I've mentioned this before, but especially in the objection process. Your relationship with money are gonna be painfully obvious.

Especially when it comes to objections because most of the time we're going to interpret objections Well, this is really the way we interpret it these fears the fear of no

us it means something different like when someone says no or when someone says you're too expensive or when someone says so and so is cheaper the way

that we interpret that as creatives and as artists is typically, not always, but it's typically, well I must have done something wrong or my work and my service just isn't...

isn't good enough, or maybe I said something that was bad, maybe I offended them, or even worse, this business was just a dumb idea. What was I thinking going?

going down this road. I'm such an idiot for doing this. Or I'm not good enough as a blank. It could be, I'm not good enough as an artist, I'm not good enough.

good enough as a photographer, I'm not good enough as a business woman or a businessman, I'm not good enough as a person. This is where our mind tends to go and we have to

to acknowledge that because it's that fear of the objection. It's that fear that prevents us from actually approaching a sales conversation from a neutral standpoint.

standpoint with that, that, that fear, that thought in our head is what turns us offensive. Like when we, when we hear something like this, we don't take it from a.

neutral stance, we kind of go on the offense, right? And we start attacking back, or we get defensive and we kind of shell up and go, oh, well, you must not be the right person for me.

Or we just kind of shut down and we just don't know what to say after that. These are common fight, flight, freeze responses.

is that you're going to see in the sales process. And so we have to address this. We have to recognize that as artists, most of us, we're so afraid.

of hearing objections or the dreaded no, that we're actually gonna avoid sales, or we're gonna design a sales process that makes it difficult to close.

meaning like we're gonna try to avoid phone conversations, we're gonna try to do everything over email, we're gonna try not to close over the phone because that makes us uncomfortable, so we're gonna say

Oh, I'll send you the contract after we finished this call. All of these things are going to constantly be coming up and I want you to recognize them for what they are and address them.

Because if we don't shut these things down, we're always gonna struggle in the sales process. And the thing is that I don't want you to struggle in the sales process, not only from a revenue standpoint, but look.

If sales to you is difficult, if it's stressful, if it's not enjoyable, you're not gonna do it. That's the thing that I worry about.

If this process is difficult for you, you're simply going to try to skip it and the result of that is that we're not going to convert nearly as many leads as we could. You should be

inverting just for reference, 80% of qualified leads. What that means is, assuming that they are somewhere in the budget range, maybe not the.

top end, but they are considering your budget. Maybe you're asking for more than they expect, but they would consider it. That's qualified to me, okay?

80% of the people that are qualified, if you get them on the phone, you should be able to convert them. That's where I want you to land at. And you can go up for that. 80% is your.

safe number, okay? So what we're gonna start doing is disconnecting everything. We're gonna basically start rewiring our brains. I mean, we've already been doing it, but.

Really in this process, we have to take the last and final step of disconnecting and rewiring the rest of it. I'm going to have you start by understanding that.

You cannot assume that the reason your client has an objection to something has anything to do with your fears, your worries.

or what you might object to. Their objections are not your objections, neither are they direct personal attacks on you.

What I want you to rewire yourself to understand is that instead of fearing no, what I want you to recognize and rewire is that no in a conversation, anytime somebody

says no, it gives you an actual place to go. Now, a no might come in a number of different ways, right? It doesn't always come across as just a direct no. A no could be, you know,

but so-and-so is cheaper. A no could be, well I'm not yet sure. A no could be, you know, I need to talk to my spouse. These are all no's in different ways, right? But a no gives you a direction for the

conversation to go, but the empty yes is what ends the conversation. We all know what that empty yes is. It's when my mother calls me.

And she wants to talk about how I'm going to hell because I no longer go to church anymore. And I'm like, yes, mom. Yes, I totally get it. No, I know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, okay, I'll talk to you later. That's the empty yes, right? We know the empty yes. It's the yes that we give to close out a conversation.

Oh, yeah, yeah, that sounds good. Yep. Yep. Nope. Yeah. Yeah, I'll call you. Yep. Yep Be afraid of that Don't be afraid

of no. You'll see why no gives us a place to go as we continue. The next thing I want to rewire is for you to recognize that objections

are simply beliefs. What I mean is, people don't object to facts, okay? You are more expensive than another person. I object! You're more expensive.

expensive than the other person. They're not objecting to that. What they're objecting to is this belief that they hold about those facts. It's not that you're more expensive.

I can't really object to that. That's obvious, that's factual. My belief is that, well, I could get the same service from somebody else for less.

believe that piece. So what we wanna do, and when we hear an objection, is to actually recognize that an objection isn't based on anything factual, it's based on.

on the belief that they hold against those facts. And so what we need to do is actually speak to the belief, not the thing that they're actually saying. The thing that they're actually saying

are just words. There's a belief behind that because we as people, we don't generally say what we actually believe. This is a, if you ever, I've studied a

of writing. I love writing. And one of the things that you learn in writing, in like writing for television, writing for movies, or writing for novels, is that anytime you create dialogue

You have to understand that a person doesn't actually say what they believe. They say something around it. In fact, if you write dialogue where it's like...

Yeah, I really want to go on this date, but I'm afraid that person's going to reject me. It sounds robotic. Nobody thinks that way. Nobody says anything like that.

Instead, they would say something like, man, yeah, she's incredibly attractive, but I don't know, dude. That's what they would say instead.

Or a number of things other than that. But they are not going to spill the belief. So what I want you to recognize is that when somebody objects, whatever phrase it is that they say,

That's not actually what they mean necessarily. It's a reflection of a belief. Speak to that. So, samples of this.

When someone says this is too expensive, they could be saying, well, I don't know that I value this enough to spend that much money on it. Even when they say like,

can't afford this, right? It's really more like, I don't know that I value this enough to spend that much money on it. Because we've all been in that place where we go, I can't afford.

board something, I'll say to my kids, I'll say to my wife, oh, we can't afford to go on that trip. That's not true at all. We can't afford to go on that trip. It's just, I don't think that that.

Trip is worth spending the money on. I want to do something else. Same thing with like, I need to think about it. I need to think about it. The belief is likely to be something like, well, I'm.

I'm worried here that I'm gonna make the wrong decision and I'm gonna regret it. Maybe because I've done that before. So I need to think on it.

If your competitors are cheaper, we talked about that one. The belief is, well, all of these options are the same, so I should be able to pay less and get the exact same service.

So when they say your competitors are cheaper and we get immediately defensive or we go well Who are you looking at or we go? Well, yeah, I know my prices are higher, but it's worth it

Instead, we speak to the belief. It sounds like you feel like if you hired someone that's cheaper, you would get the exact same experience.

that you would get if you hired me. That is how we're going to handle objections. So regardless...

list of what they say. I want you to recognize to I put an icon here. Love yourself because it's very easy to

love others, but it's very difficult to love ourselves, especially when we're interpreting things that are happening in our business. You have to love yourself enough to know that these.

Rejections these beliefs they are not personal attacks on you Their rational thought the rational fears that we all have about major purchase decisions

Will give you a note here. Sometimes people are just dicks. Okay every now and then you're gonna encounter one Maybe one in 21 and 30 people is just a dick and they're gonna say crazy things

things, which again, it will be a personal attack because they're just, they're a hurt person and that's the way that they're going to respond, but recognize that they're.

basically taking out their belief set on you. And what it usually is, when someone's just a dick, like how the F can you charge that much? Like how do you sleep at night?

It's still a belief.

I don't make this much money and I'm going to take it out on you because you do. That's what that is. So every now and then you might encounter one of those

is please do not project that onto every sales experience because that person is not only speaking still from this place of belief, but they're also just a dick. All right, let's just.

Call a spade a spade. Can we do that? I want you to also do this in the objection process Regardless of what they ask. I want you to do your best to

to avoid saying no, unless you absolutely have to. Meaning, if someone makes a ridiculous request, I don't say no, I say absolutely.

I would love to do that. We do need to build some room in the budget. I'm thinking something like this might cost around three or $4,000. Like I'm literally just going to price it out. So.

I'm gonna say yes to almost everything that they offer, but the things that I don't wanna do, I'm gonna price them out. And if they choose to pay for it, then I'm gonna suck it up and do it because, hey, they're paying.

handsomely for me to go and do something. Okay, so let's try to remove no. We've talked about this, we're not going to stress about the words of the objection, we're

only going to speak to the belief behind it. There's common ways that we're going to do this and this is where again you're going to see a lot of therapy in this process because it's very very similar.

it sounds like you feel it seems like you're worried that gotcha you're not sure if okay so it sounds like you

really value, oh, I got you, that's a reasonable concern. Ah, you're right to think about this. Oh, I understand, but do you feel?

Okay, so P.S. Thank you psychotherapy. This was helpful. Sales across the world appreciate you. All right.

That's a bit of just mindset work. Now we're gonna start getting in the nitty gritty. I'm gonna start giving you ideas on specific objections, but come back to this now and then and revisit this.

lesson because it's going to make more and more sense as you keep having these conversations with people. Let's go to the next lesson. Objection! Wow!

That's a lot of money. Let's talk about this one. Wow, that's a lot of money. This is a very common one. And to be honest, it's not necessarily really an.

it's kind of like they're noticing something. This is just sticker shock. And what's beautiful about wow, that's a lot of money is they didn't say that you're not worth the money. This is just more than they expected.

right? So there's still a belief attached to that, and that belief is simple. This is more than what I expected, and that's fine. So we just to say we literally

address the belief. It sounds like this is more than what you were expecting, and you're absolutely right. This price is a lot of money. At the same time, I do know this is an investment you're going to love and cherish.

bearish forever there's nothing there to really worry about until they say something else well like can you reduce the price or so-and-so is cheaper we don't have to stress about

about this objection, we simply acknowledge it. It sounds like, and remember, common phrases, right? It sounds like. You're gonna see these common phrases used throughout all these responses.

What we're gonna do is acknowledge the belief and say, yeah, you're totally right. This is a lot of money, but it's something that you're gonna really appreciate. That's it for that one. Probably didn't think that one.

Be that simple, did you? But it is. But so-and-so is cheaper. I love this one. Okay, now we've gone beyond the that's a lot of money to like.

now we're making a comparison right this is one of the most common things that's going to be happening to you especially when you're in a place where this is why we we work

Work steps one through five is purely about brand, building a brand that demands price respect, right? Because when we don't have a brand that demands price respect, everybody.

is going to compare on price but look the idea here is pretty simple i don't want you to be offended they're comparing based on what they understand and all of us understand

money in terms of like well how much I need to spend to get something that I want that's the the common kind of denominator between all of us right so this is not a strange thing

And I want you to know in yourself that we all do this don't we we all go and when we shop for something That's expensive. We make sure that we shop around we make sure that we make good decisions We make sure that we're getting what we want

want, but we're also concerned about price. So don't take this personally. The belief there is I can get the same service, the same imagery, the same

experience by hiring someone cheaper than you. Now, if you've done steps 1 through 5, beautiful, because know that

They can't, that's very visually apparent that they cannot get the same service, the same level of experience. If you have not done steps one through five, and we have leaky bucket syndrome because we have a brand that's.

broken, then they might be justified very well to think that, right? Either way, though, we're going to address the belief. See, what we're going to say is

I understand that they're cheaper. Remember, I understand, I understand, but do you feel, right?

cheaper, but do you feel like they're offering the same product or value? Again, this could backfire real quick if you haven't set up your brand, right?

If your work is not on par, if your brand doesn't look great, if it's not demanding of price respect, and you say this, and they go, well, yeah, actually.

they're their work is fantastic and and I actually like it a little bit better even but like like this could very much backfire but again if we are their advocate

and they like the other person's work and the other person's work is cheaper than ours, then honestly, they should go that route, right? But what I want you to recognize that if you have done.

steps one through five, if we've built a respectable brand, if you've done the wave with them, if you've built value in the process, then when you ask this question, they most likely are gonna go.

Well, I do really like your work and I like the conversation that we've had and they're gonna justify it right there, okay? So I understand that they're cheap.

But do you feel like they're offering the same product or value you can modify by the way any of these right? I understand that they cost less than I do But do you feel like?

That person understands your values the types of images that are meaningful to you and would deliver the same experience that I would Right all of these can be tweaked so

But don't feel like these are just like, oh, I have to memorize this. No, this is a structure, this is a pattern that I want you guys to follow and to make it yours. Okay.

Objection, do you offer discounts? Nothing wrong with asking a question that we would all ask, okay? Please.

The reason why I keep saying that is because we get offended very easily at something that is pretty dang normal, okay? We take it very personally.

when in reality this is very normal. But once again, the belief here is sometimes businesses offer discounts. It can't hurt to ask, right? It can't.

hurt to ask why not i mean sometimes they have in their mind well so and so is cheaper but but guess what after we address this with yes we

We actually do. So as you bundle more, as we step up in the collections, I can offer you a collection price, which reduces the overall cost, for example. So you just say, yes, that's already built.

Now, if the real objection is this comparison objection, it'll come out. They'll say that next. They'll say, well, I get it, but this is still

feel quite a bit more expensive than so-and-so, or I was looking at some options that are less. So it's gonna lead you to the next place in the conversation, right? So there's a couple ways of.

that you can do this, and again, you can modify. Yes, we do. In fact, what I've built for you already has collection pricing, which has reduced the overall cost by, and you can give them the number actually. So any.

these would work totally fine. But no, notice that I did not say no. Just because we don't call it a discount, maybe we call it collection pricing, right?

It's still it is what it is. It is a discount. We're just using a fancier term So I don't need to say no, I don't ever discount my work. So yes in my collections. I often

offer you a savings. Cool? Objection! Can you come down on price? Okay.

If they have a problem with the price, this might be like the final question that they ask, right? And again, you're still gonna respond with a yes. Like.

crazy, right? Like, yes, I can. We're not going to say no, because this is how you're going to do it. So look, what is likely the belief underneath this is I like what you're

offering. I've enjoyed the conversation that we've had. I'm just not sure that I believe there's enough of what I value of what I value to justify the price.

price. Okay? That means the things that either we haven't done necessarily a good enough job of conveying value or it's just that there's certain things

in those collections that they value more than others okay so this is a this is a value issue but if they're asking you this question can you just come down to the price a little bit

or anything along these lines, you have to recognize that they're still in the conversation. They're still there. They like you. They like what you're doing. They appreciate the service.

They're just maybe, again, it could be the belief of like, why not ask, but most likely it's just like, there's a little bit here that I'm kind of stuck with, some of the things that I maybe.

I don't appreciate as much as others so we're going to address that and we're going to say absolutely absolutely like can you come down and Bryce absolutely it sounds like though

There might be something in here that's maybe not as important to you. Is there anything in your package that you feel like you might not want or need? For example, if we remove X, I can bring

down the price by Y, okay? So it's very simple. I didn't offer a discount, did I? When I said absolutely, it didn't.

mean that I was discounting my service, it means like, absolutely, I can bring the price down a bit. What is less important to you?

okay don't i want you to do your best and when i say this it's always with a with a caveat right there are some instances where

where like you really want to work with somebody. They need a little extra nudge, you know, and this is a great client, you know it's gonna be a great fit, and you might make.

Like just to sweeten the pot a little bit, to get them to book right now, maybe you do something. Maybe you offer a little discount. That's fine from time to time. I'm not gonna hit you over the head about that.

What I want you to avoid, though, is discounting as a method to close regularly. Discounting, whenever you discount something for.

no reason, it completely destroys the value that you've established. Why? Because for absolutely no reason, you're able to bring down the price.

So why can't you bring down the price more? It shows that there is no justification for the prices that you charge because how can you simply offer a discount?

without removing anything so when somebody asked about price this is the way we're going to handle the objection yeah absolutely I can come down the price

It sounds like maybe something in here might not be as important to you, and we're going to handle it that way. We're going to remove to bring the price down. Okay.

Objection, but it's not a wedding. I shouldn't be charged wedding rates. We're not having a reception Nobody's gonna be in wedding clothes. Obviously this just applies to wedding photographers

But you might hear examples of this in different arenas, right? They're going to downplay, Oh, it's just a party. It's not really a wedding. I get it.

I get what they're doing. The belief there is that, hey, this is probably going to be a lot less work for you than your normal client, so I shouldn't be charged.

the same amount as your normal client, okay? That's the belief. We're going to speak to the belief. So we're gonna say, there's different

And again, you can use your own phrasing for all of it. You know, I'd be happy to give you my event rate. If you're looking for three hours or less of basic event coverage, and it's.

not on a Saturday or Sunday. Did I say no? Did I reject it? Did I, no. I said yes, as long as it follows the.

criteria that works for me. If you want to give them a little bit more of an explanation, oh, I got you. So it sounds like, again, remember the common phrasing.

It sounds like your event is going to be smaller than a typical wedding, right? So I understand why you'd ask that. Cause honestly, I would do the same thing. Um, just so you're aware though, I.

price based on opportunity. And what that means is if I take on your wedding, I actually turn down any other business that comes my way. Does that make sense? That's why, despite the.

size of a wedding, I can't offer discounts. If it falls on a Saturday or a Sunday, then I still have to charge the same rates because I'm turning down any other business.

But I'd be happy to give him my event rate. If you're looking for three hours or less of basic event coverage, that isn't a Saturday or Sunday. Do you think we could do that? Do you think we could?

and shift the wedding to maybe like a Thursday or a Friday? I never said no. And now I've addressed the belief.

while also respecting it, right? We respect that like, that's a fair belief. If I'm gonna do less work, it should cost less. Cool.

I've got to ask my spouse first. There's many interpretations to this one. The humorous part of me wants to say some of them, but I won't.

because they can be offensive. I try only defend my children. Okay, I have to ask my spouse first. Sometimes this is valid, sometimes it's not.

excuse either way I want to kind of give you a solution to this. Usually the belief is somewhere around this area like I'm not the decision maker here or it could be

hey I want my partner to validate this decision so I don't get in trouble. Now trouble can mean a number of things it doesn't necessarily mean that the person is a pushover it means that trouble could be they

They both regret it. Trouble could be that they don't get the images that they want. Trouble could be that they later argue about it. Trouble could be a number of different things, but essentially it's, I'm not.

comfortable making this decision or I don't believe that I can make this decision without my partner for whatever reason it might be. So how do we handle this? We would say

Hey, I totally understand. Look, I want your husband, your wife, your spouse, whoever this person is. I want your significant other to be on the same page as well. How about we actually loop them into?

call right now. Okay, like half the time they'll be like, oh that's a great idea. The other half time they'll be like, oh I love that, but they're...

at work right now, okay? If it's, that's a great idea, we do it right now, we just continue the process. All right, let's hop on, let's get them on the phone, let's keep, don't you wanna see what they would say to the Wave too?

Yeah, that'd be really cool. Okay, if another potential one is this, is like, let's say they're not available, right? I would say, look, I actually really wanna.

I have that chat with your spouse as well, and I actually wanna make sure that we incorporate their values into our shoot, just like I did with you, right? Because we've completed the wave with them. Wouldn't it be fun to hear?

hear what their answers to the wave would be. So how about we do this? How about we continue the conversation with them on this date and time and offer us a.

specific date and time. Don't end the call without the date and time. If they say, like, oh, you know, I gotta check their schedule, then you go, how about this?

that time typically work for them? And they go, yeah, sometimes. Well, okay, if that time doesn't work, what about this time? And you go, okay, and what I'll do is if you need to reschedule after we end the call.

Let's at least end it with a date on the calendar and then if you need to reschedule it, you've spoken to them by all means, but I don't want to, I don't want to hang up with you and not have a time because sometimes it's hard to get away.

hold of each other again. You know, I'm busy, you're busy, anything like that, right? All right, so we're gonna respect the objection and the belief.

belief, but we're going to try to address it right there and see if we can bring them on. If not, we're going to schedule the next consultation with them. Objection. Okay.

I'll get back to you. I hate this one. This falls under the meaningless yes territory. Okay, I'll get back to you. This is often happening because

they're not seeing the value in our offering. We might've kind of like flubbed somewhere along the way, the presentation, the wave, whatever it might be, or sometimes it could.

be because they genuinely just need more time. Although I usually find, I'll get back to you, tends to be the former. It tends to be, we didn't connect with them in a way that was.

Meaningful, we didn't present value in a way that's meaningful. So look, I still want you to address the objection and use it as an opportunity to practice. There's a belief.

there. Usually it's, I don't feel like I'm ready to make this decision yet, or I don't know that I'm seeing enough value here. And I would say 80% of the time.

It's this I don't know that I'm seeing enough value here. So I want you to address that No worries. I understand. This is a big decision. I

Sounds like something might be giving you pause though. Do you have any concerns that I can help you with while we're here on the phone? We want to recognize there might be some sort of.

a problem. It sounds like something's giving you pause. Do you have any questions? Anything that that I can help you with while we're on the phone?

And you can even encourage them. You can be 100% honest with me. I totally get it. Okay? Another optional fallback

follow up is basically saying something like, you know, I know sometimes we just need time to think, but look, I wanna help you guys find a good fit.

even if that's not me. So even if I get booked up for your date in the meantime, I want you to feel free to use me as a resource if you have any questions as you kind of continue looking for a photographer.

So I'm going to give you my cell phone number. Please feel free to text me or buzz me anytime. Now this is where if they did not take me up on this where they kind of like express what they're

concerns are, then I'm gonna end with this. And what I'm doing here is I'm planting something. I'm saying, look, I wanna help you guys find a good fit even if it's not me.

even if I get booked up in this time that you're looking, I still wanna be a resource to you. This is a little bit of a urgency anchor. Like, look, just because you guys don't.

book doesn't mean I'm going to stop looking for somebody for that date or stop looking for another client, but I still want to be here to help. This is a great way, it's kind of like a little bit of a power move.

to say like, hey, you know, your time is valuable too. to them in the process.

process. And you'd be surprised at how many clients have texted me at some point and been like, Hey Pi, we do have some questions on this and we talk and then they go, by chance, are you still free for

our date and I go, I actually, I just so happened to be and then we book. So this is a great way of handling this. But if someone says, I'll get back to you.

I want you to address it. It sounds like something is giving you pause. Are there any concerns that you'd like to share with me since we're here chatting on the phone?

And don't worry, you can be completely open, completely honest. I want to help you in this process. That's it. Okay, let's keep going. So I've given you a bunch.

of these tools now, we've talked about basically each of these different methods of objection handling, we've given you kind of the format for what we're doing, right, we're trying to look for that underlying belief and address.

it and what I want you to recognize from this point moving forward that sales I heard this phrase from jiu-jitsu and I absolutely love it okay because in jiu-jitsu

Sue in competition. You can you can translate this to really any sport. It's just the place that I learned it when a kid goes into a tournament or an adult goes into a tournament. You're either going to win or you're going to lose.

gonna learn right the idea there is honestly you actually learn more from the losses than you do from the wins from the wins we kind of just know that okay whatever we did worked

We don't like, we don't really pick up anything new. It's confirmation that we were doing things correctly, but it's from the loss that we actually go, Hey, there were things here that we didn't do.

directly, things here that we can improve on. So when it comes to your sales conversations, I want you, the sales consultations and conversations, I want you to recognize and truly.

believe in this idea that it's either a win or we're going to learn. There is no loss in the process. If you honestly ask me, and this is not a bullshit line that I'm giving you, there

There is no such thing as a loss, so long as there was something that you gained from the experience. If you gained some level of lesson, some level of.

experience if you gain something from it there was no loss now if you lost without learning anything then yes I would put that in a category of like that was a loss all right but as

As long as you learn, there is no failure in the process. Someone mentioned that this idea actually came from Nelson Mandela, which is cool. I did not know that. That's really awesome.

Oh, Meredith mentioned it, all right. So what I'm going to give you is this, a post-sales checklist and an AI analysis tool, all right? I'm going to show you how to use both.

Most console checklist is pretty dang simple. All right, this is basically all the different lessons that we've kind of been focusing on throughout the sales process. And whenever you wrap up a console.

or even a role play, I want you to be 100% honest with yourself and check off the boxes, all right? Now, when it comes to speaking to a qualified lead, as long as they are not.

Mostly unqualified, we check the box. Then, were we able to follow the five minute rule? Were we timely in getting back to them? If we got back in 30 minutes, jot that down, 30 minutes, okay?

I want you to start seeing the patterns. How were we during the opening of the conversation? Was it smooth? Did we develop a quick sense of trust and advocacy, even if it was short?

Do we avoid feature selling and technical details? The more check marks you can get on this list, the better. Are we asking for the clothes directly on the phone?

I want you to be doing that. Are we attempting to resolve questions and concerns? Are we communicating clearly? Are we scheduling the next step if we couldn't close? So this.

is gonna be a wonderful tool for you in both role plays as well as actual consults to kind of point out what's going on and what might be going wrong in these situations.

Any point, if we're having an issue with the wave, if we're having an issue with presenting the solution, you know exactly where to go in the course. You simply go back to that place, do a little refresher on it, and then practice again.

I've built you another tool. This is the AI and wave coach. I'm going to show you how to use it Okay, you're gonna record. This is one of the things that I've always encouraged you all to do is to

record your sales consultations, every one of them, record your role plays too. They're incredibly helpful to watch back. But what we're gonna do, whether you record via phone.

or with Zoom, whatever application that you're using is totally fine. We can take the audio or the video file, we can drop it into either Descript or Riverside. Descript, I believe,

We can open it up. I believe they give you one hour a month or so of free transcription. If you want more than that, then obviously it would be a paid service.

Usually if you just want to review one, like look, the sales conversation I did with Meredith that I had to do, that was 26 minutes. So you could actually do two of those. You know, you get one hour of total.

There's also Riverside.

What we're gonna do is go to chat GPT and we're gonna go right here and we're gonna go to add photos. So you're gonna click that sales and wave coach link which will take you to this spot and you can click.

year or you can just literally just upload a transcript right. If we click there it'll give us a bit of instructions and I'll say got it OK you can upload a transcript and I'm going to score it using the wave. So what I'm.

to do is just demonstrate for you I have my conversation with Meredith it was placed into a text file we're just gonna click open okay

And then I'm not even gonna say anything. I'm just gonna submit it. Okay. Now it's gonna review the entire thing. And watch this. It gives me.

tire scorecard. So here's my wave scorecard. Did I hit the pattern interrupt? How about emotional visualization, anti-analytical framing, emotional anchoring, force prioritization.

key emotional questions the value board transfer the bonus re-entry so i got a bonus re-entry because meredith gave me so many freaking objections that this said flawless re-entry

after price logical objections you loop back to her family parroted family psychology parroted story and authentic imagery instead of defending the cost that was why it was one of my

favorite examples, it gives you best moments, missed opportunities. So look, I love what it offered here. And this is where it took a lot of time because initially it was saying things like

Well, I'll tell you what it's saying. But here it said the session fee, what I said was the session fee is 250, nothing is included beyond the time to capture the images. And it said, this is a logic first, low trust.

It broke the emotional rhythm and I was like, you're absolutely right. It would have been better. It said use value first framing saying the session fee actually covers creative planning and design.

that we spend crafting what will become your family's story. Everything else is purchased in addition to that. This would have been such a better phrasing for that. Now a lot of the place where it got hung up was

is when I say things like most of my clients spend around two to $3,000, it was defaulting back to like really bad sales principles where it would say things like, oh, before we.

price let's just go into this conversation before we do that before we let me figure out that's and so we I had to do a lot of working on the logic to get it to not do

what typically is is kind of like followed in bad sales philosophy. So in each of these, it gives me like a better version.

We do a reveal session. This is too procedural. Replace with emotional context. Once the images are ready, we're going to design together how you'd love to experience them, whether that's in your home, whether...

I'm like, man, now we're nailing it. It's going to give you an entire radio set,

It's going to give you like overall execution, everything. And it should give you really good feedback. And if it doesn't, please let me know. I'm sure there's going to be.

places where we can make improvements to it, but I want you to use this tool. It is going to be highly helpful to you as an analytical tool to understand what's happening after.

one of these consultations or even one of your role plays. I'm also gonna say this, I've tested it quite a bit. I spent more than 10 hours designing this one because I had to test and go.

back and forth multiple times, it's good, but it is still an AI-based tool. So your judgment is required, meaning if it says something strange, please report it to

to the mentorship group and say, hey, the AI said this. Ideally, you give me a section of like what it said so I can see like where it went wrong. And then I can kind of.

updates to it or I can tell you yes in this case it was actually correct or no in this case this is what I would do and I'll look to make an update to it. Please take advantage, please use all of the

tools and let's turn you into a sales Jedi. All right, hope you enjoyed.