Welcome to step 16. I am stoked for this one. This is where we're gonna be handling objections and kind of working on just basically sales.

Astery, I want you to dive into this, like especially when you have gone through the sales process, this module right here is gonna really help.

help you to refine your sales skills, which again, these translate to everything that we do. So specifically, so basically what I'm saying is don't sleep on this. But specifically.

The topics and pain points that we're addressing is, well, how do I deal with objections? I don't want you just to deal with them. I want you to literally get comfortable with objections, get to a place where you...

not only expect them, but you actually want them because it gives you a place to go in the conversation. We're talking about like, when do you stop following up with somebody? When do you kind of just cut them loose and let them go?

We're gonna talk about specific objections like what do you say when people go that's a lot of money or but so-and-so is cheaper Or do you offer discounts? Can you come down on price, but this is not a wedding, you know

I have to ask my partner first all of these common objections I've built right into the lesson material so I can give you specific examples but what I really want you to take away from this

This is the framework, the approach. Because at that place, if you're using the framework and the approach of how to handle objections, it really doesn't matter what somebody says.

you're going to always know what to say. But with these common ones, I thought they make for great examples and we're going to get into those. Once again, this is fast paced. Please pause, please implement, please.

throughout the sales section.

itself. So steps 12 through 16, meaning like you would expect to spend three to $5,000 on a program like this and it's

built right into 10K, 2K. So not only do I want you to take advantage of it, I want you to repeat, to come back to this section as you actually have some experience with call.

balls as you do role plays because each time you go back through, you're going to pick up new nuances and just further refine your skill set. In between sessions, once again, the membership, the mentorship

group it's there for you to ask questions it's there for you to seek advice give feedback and to share wins or aha moments and specifically with the sales section it's there for you to actually

find role play buddies to practice the things that you're learning. Okay. That's it for our intro. Let's dive in. I got for you sales goodies. Okay.

And look, what I'm gonna tell you is that these sales goodies, they are worth 10K on their own, okay? The promise in this course was a $10,000 mentorship program. What I'm giving you in this sales.

portion of the course with all the goodies, all the lessons, as well as the bonus materials, it is worth the price of admission on its own, okay? So please take advantage.

The first thing I want to remind you of is the sales handbook. This is going to be the summary scripts for the entire sales portion, including like kind of summary of like the lesson material itself.

I will remind you again, this is not meant to be used as a standalone, it's meant to be used in conjunction with the lessons, but I've summarized everything here so you can have it as a quick reference guide.

i've also updated this recently with the v2 update as well so if you have the older version of this go ahead and re-download anytime i do updates i'll let you guys know and there is a major

update to this right now. The next piece is the AI and Wave coach. I've created a AI based coach that has the entire set of instructions.

I ran through multiple sales conversations and I tweaked the feedback and the instruction data set constantly to basically get you really good feedback.

So it's going to use the wave process to actually analyze and help you to understand what's going on in an actual sales console and keep in mind too, you can record your role plays and you can actually.

Upload it here as well for feedback on your role plays or real sales consults. Use this tool. It is incredibly powerful. I'm going to teach you at the end of this.

module, how to use it. There'll be a specific lesson at the very end, but I want to remind you and show you that this is there. The other things I'm going to show you are these signature role plays.

There have been some role plays that we've uploaded. Some of them are actually real. So this in step 14, how to close every client, I actually uploaded some boosters and there's also a booster for a

commercial booking as well. But these are actual clients where I book the clients and we had, I think their father on the phone as well. I think the mother was there too actually. But.

Not only do I give you the actual console itself, but also a narrated version of it so you can hear what I'm kind of thinking as we get to different phases in the conversation.

This is a real consultation. Again, take advantage of this. This is huge. Another Signature Roleplay session.

phone conversations basically as we practice some of these role plays that we do, we had a really great set of role plays that we did where we practiced how do you do the wave over the phone, specifically how

you condense it into these shorter periods. This is a beautiful set of role plays there and what I've done is just I've just shown you this step so it's at the end of step 14 is where you're gonna find these at the end of

step 15 you're going to find these. I place these boosters in the section that is most appropriate. The signature role play is going to the section.

in the the section of phone sales that's where we have the phone recordings or those role plays. There's another set here in step 16.

where we have dealing with step 16 is all about objection handling and mastery, right? This is the best place for these role plays

We recently did role plays with Meredith, we did it with Alessandro and Tommy, and we also had a past one that we did where, I think it was with Viviana,

where we basically go through tough objections. All of these are fantastic examples of how to deal with objections, how to sell to people when it might feel more awkward. Like some of us.

They're comfortable selling to women, but when we sell to men, we're a little bit more awkward because, hey, we think that men can't be emotional or it's more difficult to make the emotional sale.

So all of these are to help tune your abilities. I especially love the one that we did with Meredith. It was an incredibly tough sales scenario. Please.

Do not sleep on these. So what I wanna show you is that these goodies by themselves are worth the price of admission. Make sure to use them. That's it, let's go on to the next lesson.

Alright, so before we get into specifically dealing with objections, right, I do want to just mention this. That three calls, three emails, that's my personal opinion.

rule to move on okay what I'm saying here is that we're gonna look we're in the business of photography we're in the business of getting leads and

We want to get lots of leads and ultimately that means that we're gonna get quite a few people that come our ways that's just not our kind of client. It could be a budget reason, it could be just not a good fit.

they're not timely in responding whatever it might be. So I don't want us to feel like we have to convert every single person because that's literally impossible and trying to convert every single

person is going to be detrimental to your business as well. So I have some simple rules, okay? Knowing when it's time to let go. So at a certain point, we have to let somebody go and the.

way that I do that is I simply fire off the pricing and experience guide. So the one we designed earlier, I just fired off with a simple email and then I basically cut them loose. So if we're.

this is your catch and release moment, right? We got the lead, we caught the lead, but we're not gonna be able to eat it, we're not gonna be able to do anything with it, so we're gonna release it back into the wild. And the way I do that is a simple email.

I might say something like, and this is just an example, so please design it however you like. But hey, so-and-so, I've tried a few times to get a hold of you. I'd love to chat, but I don't wanna keep bothering you.

I've gone ahead and attached my experience and price guide if you have any questions, please click here You can book a free consultation. You can also put a different CTA in there if you have any questions

please give me a buzz. If you have any questions, please respond to this email. That's totally fine. But I think if you want the highest conversion rate from this, set up a Calendly link.

that says, you know, please click here for a free consultation and have them directly book the right onto your calendar. Because the likelihood at this point that they

they're gonna reach out to us is not that high. So if they are gonna reach it back out to us, they might as well be directly booking an appointment at that point, okay? But you can.

modify that as you see fit. So this means that after I've tried to call them three times and I haven't been able to successfully reach them, I've emailed them three times and I've gotten no response.

I cut them loose. That's my rule, okay? You could make a rule like one of the clients that I coach, a different business, it's a physical therapy practice.

They have a rule of we follow up until we hear a no, that's probably actually the best rule in sales is that you follow up whenever someone's.

offers a lead, you follow up until they say no, essentially, right? If we want to maximize revenue, that is the best way to do it, but it also might feel uncomfortable.

for some of you i'd rather you um embrace part of the like i'd rather you actually do something versus like try to go 100 with it and and sometimes we can't go 100

We can't keep following up with people over and over. Not only the uncomfortable feeling, but we might just not have the time, right? So that's why I set a simple rule of three calls, three emails. If you wanna do five.