I got for you sales goodies, okay? And look, what I'm gonna tell you is that these sales goodies, they are worth 10K on their own, okay? The promise in this course was a $10,000 mentorship program. What I'm giving you in this sales portion of the course with all the goodies, all the lessons, as well as the bonus materials, it is worth the price of admission on its own, okay? So please take advantage. The first thing I wanna remind you of is the sales handbook. This is gonna be the summary scripts for the entire sales portion.

including like kind of summary of like the lesson material itself I will remind you again this is not meant to be used as a standalone it's meant to be used in conjunction with the lessons but I've summarized everything here so you can have it as a quick reference guide I've also updated this recently with the v2 update as well so if you have the older version of this go ahead and redownload anytime I do updates I'll let you guys know and there is a major update to this right now the next piece is the AI and wave coach I've created a

AI based coach that has the entire set of instructions. I ran through multiple sales conversations and I tweak the feedback and the instruction data set constantly to basically get you really good feedback. So it's going to use the wave process to actually analyze and help you to understand what's going on in an actual sales consult and keep in mind to you can record your role plays and you can actually upload it here as well for feedback on your role plays or real sales consults use this tool.

It is incredibly powerful. I'm gonna teach you at the end of this module, how to use it. There'll be a specific lesson at the very end, but I wanna remind you and show you that this is there. The other things I'm gonna show you are these signature role plays. So there have been some role plays that we've uploaded. Some of them are actually real. So this in step 14, how to close every client, I actually uploaded some boosters and there's also a booster for commercial booking as well. But these are actual clients where I book the clients and we had, I think they're.

father on the phone as well. I think the mother was there too, actually. But not only do I give you the actual console itself, but also a narrated version of it so you can hear what I'm kind of thinking as we get to different phases in the conversation. This is a real consultation. Again, take advantage of this. This is huge, okay? Another signature role play session, this was, we did some phone conversations basically as we practiced some of these role plays that we do. We had a really great set of role plays that we did.

that it will be practiced. How do you do the wave over the phone? Specifically, how do you condense it into these shorter periods? This is a beautiful set of role plays there. And what I've done is just, I've just shown you the steps. So it's at the end of step 14 is where you're gonna find these. At the end of step 15, you're gonna find these. I kind of placed these boosters in the section that is most appropriate, okay? The signature role plays kind of go into the section. So in the section of phone sales, that's where we have the phone recordings or those role plays. There's another.

set here in step 16 where we have dealing with step 16 is all about objection handling and mastery right this is the best place for these role plays where we recently did role plays with Meredith we did it with Alessandro and Tommy and we also had a past one that we did where I think was with Viviana where we basically go through tough objections all of these are fantastic examples of how to deal with objections

is how to sell to people when it might feel more awkward. Like some of us are comfortable selling to women, but when we sell to men, we're a little bit more awkward because, hey, we think that men can't be emotional or it's more difficult to make the emotional sale. So all of these are to help tune your abilities. I especially love the one that we did with Meredith. It was an incredibly tough sales scenario. Please do not sleep on these. So what I wanna show you is that these goodies by themselves are worth the price of admission. Make sure to.

use them. That's it, let's go on to the next lesson.