Objection, but it's not a wedding. I shouldn't be charged wedding rates. We're not having a reception. Nobody's gonna be in wedding clothes. Obviously, this just applies to wedding photographers. But you might hear examples of this in different arenas, right? They're gonna downplay, oh, it's just a party. It's not really a wedding. I get it. I get what they're doing. The belief there is that, hey, this is probably gonna be a lot less work for you than your normal client, so I should.

didn't be charged the same amount as your normal client. Okay. That's the belief we're going to speak to the belief. So we're going to say there's different options here. And again, you can use your own phrasing for all of it. You know, I'd be happy to give you my event rate. If you're looking for three hours or less of basic event coverage, and it's not on a Saturday or Sunday. Did I say no? Did I reject it? Did I know? I said, yes, as long as.

follows the criteria that works for me. If you want to give them a little bit more of an explanation, Oh, I gotcha. So it sounds like, again, remember the common phrasing, it sounds like your event is going to be smaller than a typical wedding, right? So I understand why you'd ask that. Cause honestly I would do the same thing. Um, just so you're aware though, I price based on opportunity. And what that means is if I take on your wedding, I actually turn down any other business that comes my way. Does that make sense? That's why.

despite the size of a wedding, I can't offer discounts. If it falls on a Saturday or a Sunday, then I still have to charge the same rates because I'm turning down any other business. But I'd be happy to give my event rate if you're looking for three hours or less of basic event coverage that isn't a Saturday or Sunday. Do you think we could do that? Do you think we can shift the wedding to maybe like a Thursday or a Friday? I never said no. And now I've addressed the blue.

while also respecting it, right? We respect that like, that's a fair belief. If I'm gonna do less work, it should cost less. Cool.