Objection, okay, I'll get back to you. I hate this one. This falls under the meaningless yes territory, okay? I'll get back to you. This is often happening because they're not seeing the value in our offering. We might have kind of like flubbed somewhere along the way the presentation, the wave, whatever it might be. Or sometimes it could be because they genuinely just need more time. Although I usually find I'll get back to you tends to be the former.

It tends to be, we didn't connect with them in a way that was meaningful. We didn't present value in a way that's meaningful. So look, I still want you to address the objection and use it as an opportunity to practice. There's a belief there. Usually it's, I don't feel like I'm ready to make this decision yet, or I don't know that I'm seeing enough value here. And I would say 80% of the time, it's this. I don't know that I'm seeing enough value here. So I want you to address that. No worries.

I understand this is a big decision, it sounds like something might be giving you pause though. Do you have any concerns that I can help you with while we're here on the phone? We want to recognize there might be some sort of a problem. It sounds like something's giving you pause. Do you have any questions? Anything that I can help you with while we're on the phone? And you can even encourage them. You can be 100% honest with me. I totally get it. Okay.

Another optional follow-up is is basically saying something like you know I know sometimes we just need time to think but look I want to help you guys find a good fit even if that's not me so even if I get booked up for your date in the meantime I want you to feel free to use me as a resource if you have any questions as you kind of continue looking for a photographer so I'm gonna give you my cell phone number please feel free to text me or buzz me anytime now this is where if they did not

take me up on this where they kind of like express what their concerns are, then I'm going to end with this. And what I'm doing here is I'm planting something. I'm saying, look, I want to help you guys find a good fit, even if it's not me. So even if I get booked up in this time that you're looking, I still want to be a resource to you. This is a little bit of a urgency anchor. Like, look, just because you guys don't book doesn't mean I'm going to stop looking for somebody for that date or stop looking for another client, but I still want to be here to help.

This is a great way. It's kind of like a little bit of a power move to establish your value to say like hey You know Your your time is valuable to other clients want to book you while also at the same time being a free resource to them in the process and You'd be surprised at how many clients have texted me at some point and been like hey pi We do have some questions on this and we talk and then they go by chance Are you still free for our date? And I go I actually I just so happen to be And then we book so this is a great way of

of handling this, but if someone says, I'll get back to you, I want you to address it. It sounds like something is giving you pause. Are there any concerns that you'd like to share with me since we're here chatting on the phone? And don't worry, you can be completely open, completely honest. I want to help you in this process. That's it. Okay, let's keep going.