Objection, can you come down on price? Okay, if they have a problem with the price, this might be like the final question that they ask, right? And again, you're still gonna respond with a yes, like crazy, right? Like, yes, I can. We're not gonna say no, because this is how you're gonna do it. So look, what is likely the belief underneath this is I like what you're offering, I've enjoyed the conversation that we've had, I'm just not sure that I believe.

if there's enough of what I value, of what I value to justify the price, okay? That means the things that either we haven't done necessarily a good enough job of conveying value, or it's just that there's certain things in those collections that they value more than others, okay? So this is a value issue. But if they're asking you this question, can you just come down to the price a little bit, or anything along these lines, you have to recognize that they're still in the conversation.

They're still there, they like you, they like what you're doing, they appreciate the service. They're just maybe, again it could be the belief of like why not ask, but most likely it's just like there's a little bit here that I'm kind of stuck with, some of the things that maybe I don't appreciate as much as others, so we're gonna address that. And we're gonna say absolutely, absolutely. Like can you come down and Bryce, absolutely. It sounds like though there might be something in here that's maybe not as important to you. Is there anything in your package that.

you feel like you might not want or need. For example, if we remove X, I can bring down the price by Y, okay? So it's very simple. I didn't offer a discount, did I? When I said absolutely, it didn't mean that I was discounting my service. It means like, absolutely, I can bring the price down a bit. What is less important to you? Okay? I want you to do your best.

And when I say this, it's always with a caveat, right? There are some instances where like, you really want to work with somebody. They need a little extra nudge, you know? And this is a great client, you know it's gonna be a great fit. And you might make, like just to sweeten the pot a little bit to get them to book right now, maybe you do something, maybe you offer a little discount. That's fine from time to time. I'm not gonna hit you over the head about that. What I want you to avoid though, is discounting as a method to close.

Uh, regularly discounting, whenever you discount something for no reason, it completely destroys the value that you've established. Why? Because for absolutely no reason, you're able to bring down the price. So why can't you bring down the price more? It, it, it shows that there is no justification for the prices that you charge, because how can you simply offer a discount without removing anything? So when somebody asks you about.

price, this is the way we're going to handle the objection. Yeah, absolutely, I can come down on the price. It sounds like maybe something in here might not be as important to you, and we're going to handle it that way. We're going to remove to bring the price down. Okay.