Building website authority. I think each of you will appreciate this module. This one is very short and sweet. It's going to be really simple. We're going to talk about the idea of how do we go about building website authority. So topics and questions here and we're going to talk about what that exactly means as well.

We're going to talk briefly about how SEO rankings work. We're going to mainly just do a review on that one. What is website authority? And once we understand it, it's kind of what do I need to do to get my website to actually rank higher in search? And how do I build what's what's called backlinks? How do I build more of these? Which we're going to talk about in a minute.

talk about here as well. Once again, we're going fast-paced. I do expect you to pause, to implement, to repeat, come back through this again, but what I don't want you to do is just a shotgun this entire program. I want you to actually work as you go and understand that you can you can always pause and implement and repeat, okay?

sessions you have the mentorship group there to ask questions, seek advice, share wins, aha moments. I'm gonna keep this pace going. So let's just rock it. Let's end this one and head to the first lesson now. Let's kick this off with reviewing SEO Made Simple. So SEO Made Simple was the first lesson when we had

hit marketing and the SEO material, right? What is SEO? And I kind of broke it down at two simple keys. Search and optimization basically has two components of it. One was keyword strategy, which is the category, the topic that we're speaking within. And the other is website authority or the relevance.

Okay, so to kind of review that concept, we've basically been doing keyword strategy through this entire last few lessons and modules, right? We talked about first developing your primary keyword. That's the one that landed onto your homepage. And then we worked into kind of niche or these secondary keywords.

And we can have as many of those as we want, right? They go under different resources, different topics, things that people are searching for. Both of these things combined, your primary keyword along with these niche keywords, that is essentially a keyword strategy. You already have that now. So we have this idea of what category

We're trying to rank for right all of that what all the work that we've done is determining category now the question is Relevance or basically the authority so once a search engine kind of knows okay? This is the topic that you would like to speak about so the search engine kind

looks at your website and goes okay this person is a newborn photographer, this person is a wedding photographer, this person does destination elopements, this person does commercial headshots. Once the search engine has an understanding of that then it starts to rank so when someone types in commercial headshots

in Boston, it starts to rank you based on what it thinks your perceived authority is. So authority kind of dictates the way that you're going to rank in a search engine. If you have a higher authority, you're going to appear up top versus if you have lower authority on that topic, you're going to appear down lower, right?

The fun part about all those niche keywords, when I was telling you like niche keywords is really where the money is at because these broad keywords, like say wedding photographer, I mean, everybody is trying to keyword wedding photographer, right? This is a primary broad keyword. You might be going like, this is a space.

where the knot is trying to rank, wedding wire is trying to rank, other wedding photographers are trying to rank for that thing. And then if you narrow it down another step to let's say, well, let's say we go for Salt Lake City wedding photographer. Then we've narrowed the grouping quite a bit, right? But there's still going to be, you know, three, four hundred,

other people trying to rank for Salt Lake City wedding photographer. I'm just guessing off the top of my head. But as we get to a niche like favorite engagement locations in Salt Lake City, now we get to something where

there's not that many people trying to rank for it. There might be a few others, two, maybe three, right? But there's not really that many people going for it. That's the beauty of the niche keywords. We can go for these niche topics, things that people are searching, and we really aren't competing with that many people that are trying.

to basically compete for that topic, okay? Someone mentioned the recording. I'm recording. It's on my side. Don't worry about it. Don't stress. You guys are like blowing up the comments for those that are actually watching this live. For those that are in the lesson library, don't worry at all. This is being recorded. Anyway, going back to this.

So your niche keywords, those are gonna be things that are very easy to rank for. You don't need to have crazy authority to rank for those topics. If you're in an area where there's four or 500 other people competing for a keyword, then your website authority needs to be pretty high for you to kind of float your way to the top, right? For you to basically.

be one of the first ones that are listed or on the first page of Google. But let's talk about what is website authority or specifically, we know that it's the determination of ranking, but what really the search engine is trying to decide is like, well, what is the website and content quality? What does, the things that it's gonna use to determine.

that is going to be, well, the actual design, it's going to be the content itself, it's getting more and more sophisticated as things go, but it's going to look at your internal linking, your site structure, it's going to look at the domain age, it's going to look at the speed of your website, it's going to look at how long do people stay. If I serve this link to one of my, like if I'm a

search engine, and I recommend this website, how long does the person stay on the website? If they stay for a long time, that means that I serve them up something that's good, so that's gonna matter too. And another huge factor on this is your number and quality of inbound links.

is what we call a backlink, okay? So when you hear me say backlink, it's basically the number of other websites that are linking to yours, okay? We'll talk more about that in just a moment, but these are kind of the main criteria that a search engine's gonna use to determine your authority.

in a space, all of these things matter. And again, the reason why it matters in a larger sense is because it not only affects general search visibility, so like if someone goes on to Google or Bing, nobody uses Bing, but if you use Bing, let's hop onto Facebook, type in Bing, just put in Bing.

Bing with no other words. I just want to know if you actually use any other search engine. But anyway, not only does it affect general search, but it also affects AI search visibility as well. And here's the reason is that AI search, like if you look it up and you like, there might be some people that would say like, well, backlinks and all this.

kind of stuff doesn't really matter when it comes to AI search right but it does indirectly even if it doesn't directly affect because AI search doesn't like you know they don't serve information based on backlinks but what it does is that when AI is indexing everything on the web they are prioritizing higher ranking sources

Okay? So naturally, if you build with good SEO practices, all of this is going to carry over into AI search and that's what I want to make sure you guys are building this foundation around. Something that's going to hold up for this next generation of search and marketing that we're going to have to adapt to, which is AI search.

All of this is going to tie into kind of your marketing strategy as we move forward. That's it for this lesson. So this was just about reviewing SEO, making it simple, understanding that we've already tackled keyword strategy, which is what you've done up until this point, and now we're really focusing on authority. How do we build authority with our website?

Let's jump to the next lesson. Let's dive a little bit deeper in this idea. What is a backlink? We're going to not only talk about the concept, but also what makes a backlink good versus not so great, okay? So first, the idea of a backlink, we briefly touched on this. It's a link.

from another website to yours, okay? And I want you to think of it, so rather than just think of it as a link, think about it from the search engine's perspective. Whether we're looking at a general search or an AI search, it doesn't matter. From a search engine's perspective, a backlink is kind of like a referral, right? It's basically one person that's saying.

hey, this other person is doing some good work in this area, or this is worth taking a look at. It's a referral. So think of it that way. And with a referral, I like to kind of say we're passing some juice, right? When a friend says, hey, I just went to this great barbershop, you should check it out.

they give a really good haircut, they're kind of giving some like, a little bit of like referral juice out, right? It's kind of like a little bit of energy, like, oh, I really like what they do. And so the person that's hearing that goes, oh, if this person liked it, then maybe I should take a look at that barbershop. Maybe it's actually good. So from an SEO standpoint, every link that comes.

into our website, it's kind of passing a little bit of juice to us, okay? And also when we link to even internal pages in our website, we're passing a little bit of that juice too. Because what we're really saying is, we're saying that whether it's internal, whether we're linking outwards, whether it's a link that's coming in, all of these links are

are saying, hey, this is something else that's worth taking a look at. If I link from my landing page to my about page, I'm telling a viewer, this is something worth looking at. And that at the same time is telling the search engine, this is something worth looking at. If I link to another website, I'm telling the viewer on my website,