Building website authority. I think each of you will appreciate this module. This one is very short and sweet. It's going to be really simple. We're going to talk about the idea of how do we go about building website authority. So topics and questions here and we're going to talk about what that exactly means as well.

We're going to talk briefly about how SEO rankings work. We're going to mainly just do a review on that one. What is website authority? And once we understand it, it's kind of what do I need to do to get my website to actually rank higher in search? And how do I build what's what's called backlinks? How do I build more of these? Which we're going to talk about in a minute.

talk about here as well. Once again, we're going fast-paced. I do expect you to pause, to implement, to repeat, come back through this again, but what I don't want you to do is just a shotgun this entire program. I want you to actually work as you go and understand that you can you can always pause and implement and repeat, okay?

sessions you have the mentorship group there to ask questions, seek advice, share wins, aha moments. I'm gonna keep this pace going. So let's just rock it. Let's end this one and head to the first lesson now. Let's kick this off with reviewing SEO Made Simple. So SEO Made Simple was the first lesson when we had

hit marketing and the SEO material, right? What is SEO? And I kind of broke it down at two simple keys. Search and optimization basically has two components of it. One was keyword strategy, which is the category, the topic that we're speaking within. And the other is website authority or the relevance.

Okay, so to kind of review that concept, we've basically been doing keyword strategy through this entire last few lessons and modules, right? We talked about first developing your primary keyword. That's the one that landed onto your homepage. And then we worked into kind of niche or these secondary keywords.

And we can have as many of those as we want, right? They go under different resources, different topics, things that people are searching for. Both of these things combined, your primary keyword along with these niche keywords, that is essentially a keyword strategy. You already have that now. So we have this idea of what category

We're trying to rank for right all of that what all the work that we've done is determining category now the question is Relevance or basically the authority so once a search engine kind of knows okay? This is the topic that you would like to speak about so the search engine kind

looks at your website and goes okay this person is a newborn photographer, this person is a wedding photographer, this person does destination elopements, this person does commercial headshots. Once the search engine has an understanding of that then it starts to rank so when someone types in commercial headshots

in Boston, it starts to rank you based on what it thinks your perceived authority is. So authority kind of dictates the way that you're going to rank in a search engine. If you have a higher authority, you're going to appear up top versus if you have lower authority on that topic, you're going to appear down lower, right?

The fun part about all those niche keywords, when I was telling you like niche keywords is really where the money is at because these broad keywords, like say wedding photographer, I mean, everybody is trying to keyword wedding photographer, right? This is a primary broad keyword. You might be going like, this is a space.

where the knot is trying to rank, wedding wire is trying to rank, other wedding photographers are trying to rank for that thing. And then if you narrow it down another step to let's say, well, let's say we go for Salt Lake City wedding photographer. Then we've narrowed the grouping quite a bit, right? But there's still going to be, you know, three, four hundred,

other people trying to rank for Salt Lake City wedding photographer. I'm just guessing off the top of my head. But as we get to a niche like favorite engagement locations in Salt Lake City, now we get to something where

there's not that many people trying to rank for it. There might be a few others, two, maybe three, right? But there's not really that many people going for it. That's the beauty of the niche keywords. We can go for these niche topics, things that people are searching, and we really aren't competing with that many people that are trying.

to basically compete for that topic, okay? Someone mentioned the recording. I'm recording. It's on my side. Don't worry about it. Don't stress. You guys are like blowing up the comments for those that are actually watching this live. For those that are in the lesson library, don't worry at all. This is being recorded. Anyway, going back to this.

So your niche keywords, those are gonna be things that are very easy to rank for. You don't need to have crazy authority to rank for those topics. If you're in an area where there's four or 500 other people competing for a keyword, then your website authority needs to be pretty high for you to kind of float your way to the top, right? For you to basically.

be one of the first ones that are listed or on the first page of Google. But let's talk about what is website authority or specifically, we know that it's the determination of ranking, but what really the search engine is trying to decide is like, well, what is the website and content quality? What does, the things that it's gonna use to determine.

that is going to be, well, the actual design, it's going to be the content itself, it's getting more and more sophisticated as things go, but it's going to look at your internal linking, your site structure, it's going to look at the domain age, it's going to look at the speed of your website, it's going to look at how long do people stay. If I serve this link to one of my, like if I'm a

search engine, and I recommend this website, how long does the person stay on the website? If they stay for a long time, that means that I serve them up something that's good, so that's gonna matter too. And another huge factor on this is your number and quality of inbound links.

is what we call a backlink, okay? So when you hear me say backlink, it's basically the number of other websites that are linking to yours, okay? We'll talk more about that in just a moment, but these are kind of the main criteria that a search engine's gonna use to determine your authority.

in a space, all of these things matter. And again, the reason why it matters in a larger sense is because it not only affects general search visibility, so like if someone goes on to Google or Bing, nobody uses Bing, but if you use Bing, let's hop onto Facebook, type in Bing, just put in Bing.

Bing with no other words. I just want to know if you actually use any other search engine. But anyway, not only does it affect general search, but it also affects AI search visibility as well. And here's the reason is that AI search, like if you look it up and you like, there might be some people that would say like, well, backlinks and all this.

kind of stuff doesn't really matter when it comes to AI search right but it does indirectly even if it doesn't directly affect because AI search doesn't like you know they don't serve information based on backlinks but what it does is that when AI is indexing everything on the web they are prioritizing higher ranking sources

Okay? So naturally, if you build with good SEO practices, all of this is going to carry over into AI search and that's what I want to make sure you guys are building this foundation around. Something that's going to hold up for this next generation of search and marketing that we're going to have to adapt to, which is AI search.

All of this is going to tie into kind of your marketing strategy as we move forward. That's it for this lesson. So this was just about reviewing SEO, making it simple, understanding that we've already tackled keyword strategy, which is what you've done up until this point, and now we're really focusing on authority. How do we build authority with our website?

Let's jump to the next lesson. Let's dive a little bit deeper in this idea. What is a backlink? We're going to not only talk about the concept, but also what makes a backlink good versus not so great, okay? So first, the idea of a backlink, we briefly touched on this. It's a link.

from another website to yours, okay? And I want you to think of it, so rather than just think of it as a link, think about it from the search engine's perspective. Whether we're looking at a general search or an AI search, it doesn't matter. From a search engine's perspective, a backlink is kind of like a referral, right? It's basically one person that's saying.

hey, this other person is doing some good work in this area, or this is worth taking a look at. It's a referral. So think of it that way. And with a referral, I like to kind of say we're passing some juice, right? When a friend says, hey, I just went to this great barbershop, you should check it out.

they give a really good haircut, they're kind of giving some like, a little bit of like referral juice out, right? It's kind of like a little bit of energy, like, oh, I really like what they do. And so the person that's hearing that goes, oh, if this person liked it, then maybe I should take a look at that barbershop. Maybe it's actually good. So from an SEO standpoint, every link that comes.

into our website, it's kind of passing a little bit of juice to us, okay? And also when we link to even internal pages in our website, we're passing a little bit of that juice too. Because what we're really saying is, we're saying that whether it's internal, whether we're linking outwards, whether it's a link that's coming in, all of these links are

are saying, hey, this is something else that's worth taking a look at. If I link from my landing page to my about page, I'm telling a viewer, this is something worth looking at. And that at the same time is telling the search engine, this is something worth looking at. If I link to another website, I'm telling the viewer on my website,

website as well as a search engine hey this other website is something worth looking at and same thing with an inbound link that comes to us right so think of a little bit of juice being passed with every link that that is created on your website or or just in general on the internet unless unless

there is a nofollow attribute in the html link code so whenever you create a link if you're using a back-end software if you're using show it if you're using wordpress there will always be a little button or something that you can click to basically make it so that that link does not send link juice or it becomes a nofollow.

link okay nofollow is like it would be the equivalent of someone asking me hey do you know a barbershop and I'm like well I know of a barbershop nearby I don't know if they're good or not that's what a nofollow link is is you're not passing any of that link juice you're not passing any of that authority

You're simply saying something there exists. I don't know if it's good or not So the nofollow attribute you can always find by just looking at a link you right-click it and if you see this Relationship, it's rel equals nofollow Then that is a nofollow link meaning you're not going to get any SEO benefit from that

link to your website. The key here to understand is that most platforms and directories are gonna give nofollow links. So like on Instagram, if you put your website link into your profile, that's not a link that counts towards your SEO for anything. On Facebook, if you get a link that that links

out to your website. That link is not indexed, or it could be indexed, but it's going to be a nofollow relationship. Most directories, most platforms, unless you're specifically paying for them, or unless they specifically tell you this is a dofollow link, there are going to be nofollow links. So just kind of understand that.

putting your links into these different profiles, into Yelp and all these different places, that's not doing anything for your general SEO authority or your ranking. It can help you in terms of your local SEO. Local SEO is like if you're on Yelp and you put in your information and you might, if someone types in photographer in.

this area, you'd have a greater chance of showing up there, but it's not helping you in terms of like general authority. Okay, so the next topic is backlink Authority. Let's jump into another lesson for that one. What is backlink quality? So this is the next piece. Don't worry. This is this is a.

a really simple area. Once you understand this general concept, I'm simply going to give you ideas on how to build backlinks. You're going to work on it from time to time. It's not going to be a big time waster. I'm not even going to tell you to spend a lot of time here, but I do want you to understand the concepts. So let's talk about backlink quality. I want you to understand that not all backlinks are equal, and the reason

wise because sometimes people think that well to have a good SEO strategy I need to have lots of incoming backlinks and so they focus on the quantity of them rather than the quality of them two or three good backlinks is better than a hundred crappy ones okay so the idea here is if backlinks are referrals then where you're

backlink or where this referral comes from it matters okay similar to like if if if that friend of mine that person that i asked for recommendation if i say i need a good developer i need a good developer that can do front-end development right if that person is a photographer

the value of that referral is going to be quite a bit different than if that person is a developer themselves. If I ask if my friend were developer themselves, then the information I get, we would naturally go, that must be more relevant because they have experience or authority in that space. It's the exact same.

with these online backlinks, the links that are coming into your site, right? These referrals rely on three factors. The quantity kind of shows total reach, right? So the number of backlinks that are coming into our website, these inbound links, that's like our total reach. It's worth something, but it's not a metric.

we need to focus on. Then there's the quality. That is a metric we want to focus in on. That's the idea that like, okay, is that website that's linking to us, are they themselves reputable? Okay, are they themselves, like, is this coming from a website that is, let's do an example, is it coming from, uh,

Let's say you get a backlink from a magazine that features your work, right? Is this Vogue or is this an online magazine that was started three months prior? If it's coming from Vogue, that's worth 1,000 times more than the backlink coming from an online magazine three months before.

So quality is the idea of, is the site reputable, right? Relevance is, is it on topic? Meaning, Vogue Weddings, giving you a backlink to a wedding site, is worth more than Vogue Magazine linking to your wedding site. Okay? So if it's on topic, it becomes that much more valuable.

as well. So we really want to focus on those last two aspects, the quality of it and the relevance of it. If you're a newborn photographer, it's not really worth your time to try to get featured by a wedding focus platform, but it is worth your time to try to get an award and a feature from a platform that focuses on newborn photography.

across the board regardless of your genre okay. I also want you to think of it this way, links are basically your word and your reputation so you want reputable inbound links but you also want to make sure that your outbound links are relevant and reputable as well which means

Like part of this strategy I'm gonna give you guys as we go into steps, I think it's like 10, 11, we talk about creating these win-win partnerships and we talk about linking over to those websites and we only wanna do this with quality collaborators, with quality vendors, with quality venues, with people that have good reputation because we're sending part of our reputation.

to them by linking to them and you're doing that not just from an SEO standpoint but also just from a general client standpoint right if I'm going to refer somebody if I'm going to say they do good work and this client has a bad experience with them that negatively affects their impression of me too so understand that links are equivalent of your word and reputation

right? So the value of a link, if you wanted factors that kind of dictate, like I kind of gave you in a nutshell quantity, quality, relevance. If you want the general factors, and there are more, but it's the reputation of where the link is coming from, the link origin, the relevance. So reputation is the quality of the site.

Relevance is the topic of the site. Is it relevant to ours? It's also dependent on the location on their domain. So a homepage link is worth more than, say, a secondary page link versus, say, a blog page link. The closer we get to the

the home page of the domain, the more the link is valued. Do you need to do anything with that? No, I just want you to understand the concept, right? The position on the page also matters. If you get a back link at the top of a page, that's worth more than a link at the bottom of a page, okay? The number of outbound links. So if it's a.

listing of, here's 50 different things in this area, and they link to all those things, they're dividing up their link juice among all those different things, okay? So the number of outbound links on that page will also kind of have a little factor in here. Keywords within the anchor text, like if they actually use your keywords in the link.

link text, so if they say this is a great pet photographer, then that actually helps you quite a bit more than just saying your name and linking to it or, you know, that matters a bit, right? The type of backlink as well. Text backlinks are worth more than image backlinks. Does that mean that?

We got to have a hissy fit if someone uses an image to link to us. No, it's just understanding that that text backlinks mean more. And obviously if it's a no follow link, it means that there's no value. Now there are more factors here. I don't think it's important to understand them all. I just want you to get an idea of what a search engine is looking at. Okay.

I want you to also focus on the idea of quality over quantity. You're not trying to rank against these major, like if we're trying to rank against pharmaceutical companies, fortune 500 companies, we need thousands of inbound links to try to get authority, right? Over another multi-billion dollar company. We're not doing that.

trying to rank against maybe another photographer or other people in this space, who most don't have any backlinks and some might have a few, five to 10. So it doesn't take a lot of effort and a lot of work on this side to actually get results. And that's why I don't really want you to focus.

to sort of worry about this too much. I want this to be a natural part of your process. So the idea is if we can get one good backlink a month, that's fantastic. That's our simple goal. And we're gonna work towards getting it in natural ways. Meaning I don't want you to, I really don't want you to ever spend time chasing links.

What I want you to do is spend your time building relationships, naturally linking out to others, and then when it makes sense, when you share some images with another collaborator, ask for a link back, okay? There are certain awards and directories that offer do-follow links when you win awards, and we'll talk about those as well.

There's natural things that you can do in this process, getting featured in a magazine, getting you know online magazine of course, all those things and we're going to talk about those next. I'm going to give you eight ways to build backlinks but before you get to it I just want you to remember and at no point in time do I want you to be spending deliberate time.

here trying to build backlinks that's it let's wrap it oh one other question there was a question that popped up in between and before I end on this there was a question about do backlinks work if both sites link to each other a search engine can see that as an arrangement

link if it doesn't make sense that they link to each other okay if I have a website that is a pet photography business and I have a plumbing business and they're both linking to each other a search engine can very easily go you're dumb I can tell you have a relationship this is not a this is not a genuine link

But if I'm a pet photographer and I link to, this is one of my favorite places for grooming, and the grooming place says, this is one of my favorite photographers, that is a relevant relationship. So context matters. A search engine, again, AI is being built into every one of these functions, which is another reason that I don't want you to spend time.

are deliberately trying to trick anything, trying to game a system. I want you to understand the system is smarter than any one of us individually. They spend billions of dollars to make sure that these systems give good referrals and that they make good recommendations. So even if we can game them, being able to do that for a long period of time is virtually impossible.

Usually anything that we can do to game a system gets destroyed within a couple of months. They fix it, and then we get dinged for it because we tried to do that. So don't do this. Instead, let's just focus on creating relevant relationships and working this backlink building process as we go, okay?

Now the goods, so eight ways to build backlinks. You do not need to be doing all of these things. Again, I'm gonna give you so many warnings and heads up. This is, pick certain ways of doing this that are natural, that feel good to you, and that's it. Let's try to get one backlink a month. Listen.

If you get one backlink a month, you will be number one in Google by the end of the year. OK, so if you get three backlinks over the course of a year, that's still solid. One is a high reaching number. Don't stress about this. Let's just do it naturally and progress naturally. OK, so number one is venues. Every time you do a shoot at a.

venue this is mainly for like say wedding photographers maybe for event photographers you have to obviously your work has to be at a venue right but what you're going to do is create some awesome images and you're going to send them those images and ask for a link within a feature if they put up a blog post if they use the images you're going to ask for a link now i'm trying to

take most of the work off your hands here. So if you go into your brand and strategy workbook, okay, and you go to email templates, you'll find right here. So after the shoot, vendor and venue images.

right here so you send them a teaser and look please feel free to use the images that you see fit we kindly ask that you please tag and then your studio name when using social media if you'd like to use the image on the website i've also included a little html attribution link and what you want to do is is actually make this link so images by your studio name or wedding photography by this

or if you can put keywords into this, all the better, okay? Feel free to make this message your own, adjust it. This is not a template you have to like, you know, oh, I gotta follow exactly what this says. This is just a guide on what you would do after the shoot. Okay, so that's an easy way to build backlinks. Is every venue gonna do it? No.

but you'll get some and you'll get a decent number and again we don't need a ton of them to do it we just need a few of these okay number two vendors it's basically the exact same thing with every collaboration and this applies to any genre anytime you can collaborate with somebody else you can get them images encourage them to blog it and to link to you you could even

and teach them about why blogging is valuable, right? This is one of the things that we do with our planners, we do with our vendors, is we teach them like why these things are important, and then they'd go and do it, and then they create the backlinks. So again, the same brand strategy guide, this can be used for vendor or venue emails, okay?

Easy way. Number three, get published. So if you happen to be in the wedding or event space, you can use Too Bright Lights. It's kind of like a publishing platform specifically for wedding and events. If you're not, then I'm gonna give you an AI prompt for a bit of guidance, okay? So what you would do is just pop this into any AI. Let's just jump over to chat.

at GPT real quick and just pop this in. So if I said I'm a newborn photographer, so it's asking, I want to build my name credibility with SEO and the backlinks. So give me 10 different platforms of publications that would want images from my specific genre. And obviously you want to have.

have like follow linking, right? So look, National Association of Portrait and Child Photographers, the NAPCP. You have Bump, Baby, and Beyond Magazine. You have Tiny's Magazine. Now with each one of these, we wanna basically look at the submission process and we wanna make sure that they actually give backlinks. So look at one of their features and just make sure that they're actually.

sending do follow links, but you can get ideas in each of these spaces. Getting one of these, like if you're a newborn photographer, getting one of these relevant websites to feature your work, it's a big deal from a search perspective because most photographers never go this far, right? So getting one is actually quite powerful. Number four is

Awards, so awards do carry value and I'm gonna talk about this in a second. It's mainly for social proof, for marketing, potentially for SEO, which one I'm gonna talk about. That's the main factor there is when you find ones that do offer, do follow links, then it's like we kind of can actually.

Hit all these these birds with one stone, right? I'm gonna give you an example of them We actually created so my partner Chris created wedding maps Specifically for this reason to create an award system a platform where features actually were relevant now I always get on Chris about not marketing this enough and getting this out there more. But anyway, we have over

200 members on this platform that are like paying members that basically they submit images for the different features and then we get them backlinks, we get them features in other magazines. So not only do they get backlinks from wedding maps in general, but we also try to get them featured on other platforms to get even more backlinks.

Okay, so this is a directory that where an award and a feature can actually make a pretty significant impact, but don't join it if you're not a wedding photographer, it doesn't make any sense to do that, right? Another wedding photography focused platform that does do follow links is Fearless. So if you get a Fearless award, if you're featured in their collections, then that is helpful as well.

Well, just remember when you're featured in collections, you're featured amongst 80, 90, 100 other people or however many people win these awards. So it reduces the link juice a little bit, but still if you enjoy trying to go for these awards anyway, then this is a natural process that will help you to build website authority as well.

I gave you a prompt I'm a niche photographer looking for a place to earn awards where I can also get do follow SEO backlinks given my niche are there any platforms or directories that would meet this criteria pop this into search if you're looking for something in your space. Now on the subject of awards I do not and I'm going to repeat I do not want you to

Admit to awards if what you're looking for is validation. If what you want is validation, you wanna feel like you're good enough to do this, don't do it because you're wasting money. The validation that you're looking for, it has to come internally. No amount of awards is going to get you there. And even,

Even if you win, the awards are not going to create that validation and what happens is most likely you're not going to win and then you're going to be brought down even lower because you didn't. Do not go after these things for validation purposes. My opinion, and I know it's an unpopular one, but your clients

Your family and your bank account. That's all the validation you should need if you're doing right by our clients if you're supporting and and and Helping your family and if your bank account is growing that is literally all the validation you should ever need Go after their awards

because you go, okay, awards do something. They allow me to create social proof and these, what I call a faux marketing event. A faux marketing event is like, like featuring somebody on your Instagram and saying, hey, congratulations to so-and-so, we just collectively won this award. It gives you an excuse to talk about yourself, right? To talk about yourself, you're.

about your clients, and that's beautiful. Like, it's great. It's content, it's material, it's also social proof. So it's very valuable from that standpoint, and if you can link it also to platforms that are giving you SEO links, now you're getting two, three birds and one stone. Fantastic use of time, I love it. But chasing after this.

I hate it. I hate I hate I hate it and I and I feel like so many platforms are there just to make money off Of photographers insecurities and it bothers the shit out of me. Okay, please do not fall into this If you want to talk about it post in the group like we are a place to help lift and support each other You don't need

external validation from awards to do that. Okay, five is to write. So if you enjoy writing, you can actually write for industry publications, for educational websites that are within that topic of photography. Now, good general ones are places like fStoppers and Petapixel. We actually used to offer this. We switched kind of the business model.

several years back, so we don't do general photography education, we don't have writers that come in. But F-stopper still does. You can apply to be a writer for F-stoppers, you can write articles for PedoPixel, and literally in the article you just, you say, hey, at the end of the article you have your bio, I'm a newborn photographer, I'm a headshot photographer, I'm this,

is your follow link. You can create a few of those over the course of a year and that's very, very valuable, okay? So again, I'm giving you a prompt just to help you find any educational websites that offer the ability to have outside contributors. So this will give you ideas on where you can go, but Fstoppers and Pedapixel are two great places that are,

I allow that. Okay, then you have free directories. These are mainly going to be for local SEO and so what I'm talking about here like Yelp and and I gave you some links so if you actually click in the workbook directorist and orbit local they give you really good online local business listings that are you

usually free to list in, so generally don't pay for these listings, but they're free to list in, and it can help you with local SEO, which is beneficial. So this is good from that standpoint. I'd say it's not a great place for backlinks, for authority. It's just one of those, you might wanna do these just for local SEO, okay? Local search.

Seven is paid directories. So premium directories will have an SEO benefit as long as they tell you that they're offering do follow links. But my thought on this is you can join some of these premium directories. I still feel like I wouldn't pay for a premium directory unless there was a secondary person.

purpose in it. So, for example, with Wedding Maps or with Fearless, these are directories, but they're also awards platforms, right? So we're not joining them just to have our name listed. We're joining them for the opportunity to be featured, to earn awards. There's a purpose to them. So I don't mind paid directories that are giving

follow links, but I want to recommend that there's always another reason to be there. It's not just, it's not just you're paying for a link back essentially, okay. And number eight, this one I have, this is probably the most valuable and it's probably the most valuable way to do this. It's just also probably one of the more difficult.

difficult ones. You have to be good at creating valuable content. So you're learning this through the program I'm teaching you guys how to create resources but the better your resources become, the more shareable your content, the more likely you're going to have people linking to you naturally. Like if you've got a really great guide that helps people plan their wedding timeline.

it's very likely that planners, if it's good, they might actually reference it. Oh, this photographer has a really great timeline builder from a photography standpoint. You should check that out, right? Especially people that are in your network. If you tell them, like, look, I've got a great tool that can help you in this area to answer frequently asked questions that you have with your photographer.

your client, that's fantastic. Let me quickly zoom in and out to center this back up. Perfect. Okay, so this is another way that naturally as you create articles, as you create resources on your website, if they're good, it's a great way to get backlinks because people will naturally start sharing them. They're gonna find the information meaningful to them, okay?

All right, but that one will come with time. Again, last reminder, most of your backlinks should be built in the natural process of running your business. And one backlink from a reputable, relevant website a month, that is big. If you can't get one a month, one every other month. If you end up with.

three in a year, that's okay. But let's just make this a natural part of building our business. Let's not focus time here. And let's make sure that what we do get is relevant and they're quality backlinks that are coming into us. Okay. For context, Tom has been doing this. You guys should ask his thoughts on this. Cause he made.

a huge dent in his number of views and reach with just a little, like it was a few months worth of time spent on SEO, on resources and articles and developing a few relationships and all of a sudden he's showing up in the top of search. It does not take a lot to get there, okay? Cool beans.

We're done with this lesson. Let's jump to the next. Okay, start requesting reviews. This is big on a number of levels. Okay, why do we want to request reviews? Well, obviously we have the social proof aspect. Each one of these reviews are features that you can put on your website, but reviews also have local.

direct and indirect SEO benefits, including AI search. What does that mean? That means if someone uses AI or general search to look up wedding photographers, part of what a search engine is doing or an AI search is doing is also looking at, hey, can I find information from Yelp or from other places?

How many positive reviews do they have? That does become a factor in the process. So let's start building reviews and positive reviews with every single shoot that we go out on. Even if it's an unpaid shoot, I don't care. They paid, they didn't pay, let's get reviews, okay? These are very beneficial on all levels. From a local level, when someone...

goes into Yelp and they, or into a directory and they type in a business name, that obviously has an impact, right? It impacts all of our purchase decisions. When we go and we see a restaurant that has four stars, I mean, when was the last time you went to a restaurant that had less than three stars, right? That's, unless it's a fast food chain that you know of, that's pretty much guaranteed. If they have less than three stars, we're not going.

okay so those reviews have a very real impact on local search then direct google search like i said they're going to be looking at these reviews to see like well do you have a significant amount of reviews are they positive are there recent reviews is it on topic what are the this is when we go to like

indirect SEO benefits. This is like AI reputation summaries. AI will actually pull up a reputation summary when it comes to recommending businesses or recommending any websites. It'll pull up reputation summaries, which again, factors in your reviews. All of these things make a huge difference. We all click on businesses.

that have positive reviews and recent reviews versus ones that have less or that have reviews that aren't so recent. So they're valuable from every single side. So after every single shoot, again, I don't care if it was family, I don't care if it was a friend, I don't care if it's a test shoot, I don't care if it's a client shoot.

If it's a paid shoot, after every single shoot, you're gonna request that they submit a review and obviously making sure that before you ask, they had a good experience, right? So if they didn't have a good experience, if they're complaining, don't be like, hey, once we get this complaint resolved, I'd love for you to give me a review. That's just like asking for trouble. Let's not do that. So.

Ideally, make the request at the emotional high. Now, I gave you an email template for this. I would say it's more of like use the text or the conversational template. I don't prefer this via email. So let's go to where it is. Client review request. Okay, so this is text or phone. It was my honor.

I'm stoked, again, use your language, whatever. This is what you could say in an email. Do I want you to? If you've been here a while, no, no. I do not want you to write this. This is like last resort, send it in an email, okay? The reason why is an email is easily forgotten. There's no sense of urgency to it.

but there's no nothing, it doesn't feel as personal. What I want you to do is, ideally you make the request at the emotional high. So if you're doing a reveal, for example, then you say, at the end of the reveal, you say, I'm so glad you guys loved this session. It would mean the world to me if you would leave a review and you give them the specific site you want them to go to.

Don't say, leave a review on Google and Yelp. Give them one. Don't request it in multiple sources. But do it at the emotional high. If they're texting you about the images and how much they love them, send them a text and say, that means so much to me. It would mean the world if you would leave me a review on Google, okay? And remember that

you cannot incentivize it. If that ever gets back, just don't put yourself in that situation. All these platforms, they have very stringent rules on incentivization. And you might think it's not a big deal to incentivize, but as soon as you get one person that might be unhappy and they find out that you incentivize,

One unhappy person can often go to a number of lengths to try to hurt you, and that's one way they can do it is by telling people that, oh, they tried to get me to leave a positive review. Okay, so let's make sure they're happy, make sure that they had a great experience, and at the emotional high, either on a phone call, text,

let's ask them for that review or in person as a last resort if you want to send an email fine but you're just not going to get that many responses from the email compared to the others and it's okay to send a follow-up i would kind of limit my follow-ups i would say it's okay to remind we all get busy we all forget things i would

I would just text somebody with a gentle reminder, and I usually would only send one. If it's not enough of a reminder to come and help me out, the relationship is probably not that strong. I don't wanna keep bothering them with another one, okay? But sending a reminder maybe after a week, after two weeks, that's not an issue.

If you want to send two you can stretch it. I'll let you make the call. I usually stop at one reminder. That's good enough. But these are really important. Let's get our reviews coming through. One really quick last note on the subject of reviews is if you are going to, I would recommend just prioritizing one platform for reviews.

reviews. As of right now I would just prioritize Google over say Yelp. If you're going to go for both that's fine and it's fine to allow like reviews to come in naturally just on some of these other platforms too but I think Google reviews are just more valuable. They tend to number one they tend to not get deleted or adjusted as much like Yelp can often filter out reviews.

and it's really annoying but the other side of it too is just that we're kind of favoring the platform where search is right you have google search you have gemini you have all the content that's basically being fed into ai searches from from chat gpt to claude to everyone else they're all favoring kind of results that come from google which means that i

would kind of personally just tend to favor that platform anyway, since all the tech stuff is kind of behind it versus say the platform like Yelp, which really is not involved in any type of AI search or any type of general search as well. So just a quick note, if we're going to prioritize, let's do Google. Those are, it's going to be the easier one and probably the more effective one. Uh, but it's totally.

It's fine to allow other reviews to come in from other platforms. If people wanna choose Yelp, if they wanna go to other places and leave the review, we're not gonna worry about it. But in terms of when we ask them, we don't wanna give them a big list of places to give us reviews. We wanna give them one single option. And the option I would recommend is just Google. All right, now we're done.

MBC 뉴스 이덕영입니다.