What is backlink quality? So this is the next piece. Don't worry, this is a really simple area. Once you understand this general concept, I'm simply gonna give you ideas on how to build backlinks. You're gonna work on it from time to time. It's not gonna be a big time waster. I'm not even gonna tell you to spend a lot of time here, but I do want you to understand the concepts. So let's talk about backlink quality. I want you to understand that not all backlinks are equal. And the reason why is because sometimes people think that, well, to have a good SEO strategy.

I need to have lots of incoming backlinks. And so they focus on the quantity of them rather than the quality of them. Two or three good backlinks is better than a hundred crappy ones, okay? So the idea here is if backlinks are referrals, then where your backlink or where this referral comes from, it matters, okay? Similar to like, if that friend of mine, that person that I asked for recommendation, if I say, I need a good.

I need a good developer that can do front-end development, right? If that person is a photographer, the value of that referral is going to be quite a bit different than if that person is a developer themselves. If I ask if my friend were a developer themselves, then the information I get we would naturally go that must be more relevant because they have experience or authority in that space. It's the exact same with these online backlinks, the links that are coming into your site.

These referrals rely on three factors. The quantity kind of shows total reach, right? So the number of backlinks that are coming into our website, these inbound links, that's like our total reach. It's worth something, but it's not a metric we need to focus on. Then there's the quality. That is a metric we want to focus in on. That's the idea that like, okay, is that website that's linking to us, are they themselves reputable? Okay, are they themselves?

like is this coming from a website that is let's let's do an example is it coming from let's say you get a backlink from a magazine that features your work right is this Vogue or is this an online magazine that was started three months prior if it's coming from Vogue that's worth 1,000 times more than the the backlink coming from a online magazine three months before so quality is the idea of is the site reputable right

Relevance is, is it on topic? Meaning Vogue Weddings giving you a backlink to a wedding site is worth more than Vogue magazine linking to your wedding site. Okay so if it's on topic it becomes that much more valuable as well. So we really want to focus on those last two aspects, the quality of it and the relevance of it. If you're a newborn photographer it's not really worth your time to try to get featured by a wedding focused platform, but it is worth your time to try to get

to get an award and a feature from a platform that focuses on newborn photography. This goes across the board, regardless of your genre, okay? I also want you to think of it this way. Links are basically your word and your reputation. So you want reputable inbound links, but you also wanna make sure that your outbound links are relevant and reputable as well. Which means, like part of this strategy I'm gonna give you guys as we go into step.

I think it's like 10, 11. We talk about creating these win-win partnerships and we talk about linking over to those websites and we only wanna do this with quality collaborators, with quality vendors, with quality venues, with people that have good reputation because we're sending part of our reputation to them by linking to them. And you're doing that not just from an SEO standpoint, but also just from a general client standpoint, right? If I'm gonna refer somebody, if I'm gonna say they do good work and this client has a bad experience with them, that negatively affects them.

their impression of me too so understand that links are equivalent of your word and reputation right so the value of a link if you wanted factors that kind of dictate like i kind of gave you in a nutshell quantity quality relevance if you want the general factors and there are more but it's the reputation of where the link is coming from the link origin the relevance so reputation is the quality of the site relevance is the topic of the site is it relevant to ours right

It's also dependent on the location on their domain. So a homepage link is worth more than say a secondary page link versus say a blog page link, right? The closer we get to the homepage of the domain, the more the link is valued. Do you need to do anything with that? No, I just want you to understand the concept, right? The position on the page also matters. If you get a backlink at the top of a page, that's worth.

more than a link at the bottom of a page, okay? The number of outbound links. So if it's a listing of here's 50 different things in this area and they link to all those things, they're dividing up their link juice among all those different things, okay? So the number of outbound links on that page will also kind of have a little factor in here. Keywords within the anchor text. Like if they actually use your keywords in the link text, so if they say this is a great...

pet photographer, then that actually helps you quite a bit more than just saying your name and linking to it, or, you know, that matters a bit, right? The type of backlink as well. Text backlinks are worth more than image backlinks. Does that mean that we gotta have a hissy fit if someone uses an image to link to us? No. It's just understanding that text backlinks mean more. And obviously, if it's a nofollow link, it means that there's no value. Now, there are more factors here. I don't think it's important.

to understand them all. I just want you to get an idea of what a surgeon is looking at, okay? I want you to also focus on the idea of quality over quantity. You're not trying to rank against these major, like if we're trying to rank against pharmaceutical companies, Fortune 500 companies, we need thousands of inbound links to try to get authority, right? Over another multi-billion dollar company. We're not doing that. We're trying to rank against maybe another photographer or other people in this.

space who most don't have any backlinks and some might have a few, 5-10. So it doesn't take a lot of effort and a lot of work on the side to actually get results and that's why I don't really want you to focus or to worry about this too much. I want this to be a natural part of your process. So the idea is if we can get one good backlink a month, that's fantastic. That's our simple goal and we're going to work towards getting it in natural.

I mean, I don't want you to, I really don't want you to ever spend time chasing links. What I want you to do is, is spend your time building relationships, naturally linking out to others. And then when it makes sense, when you share some images with another collaborator, ask for a link back, okay? There are certain awards and directories that offer do follow links when you win awards or when you, and we'll talk about those as well. There's natural things that you can do in this process, getting featured in a.

magazine, getting, you know, online magazine, of course, all of those things. And we're going to talk about those next. I'm going to give you eight ways to build backlinks, but before you get to it, I just want you to remember, and at no point in time, do I want you to be spending deliberate time here, trying to build backlinks? That's it. Let's wrap it. Oh, one other question. There was a question that popped up in between. Before I end on this. Um, there was a question about do.

Slack links work if both sites link to each other. A search engine can see that as an arranged link if it doesn't make sense that they link to each other, okay? If I have a website that is a pet photography business and I have a plumbing business and they're both linking to each other, a search engine can very easily go, you're dumb, I can tell you have a relationship, this is not a genuine link. But if I'm a pet photographer and I link to, this is one of my favorite places.

for grooming and the grooming place says, this is one of my favorite photographers, that is a relevant relationship. So context matters, a search engine, again, AI is being built into every one of these functions, which is another reason that I don't want you to spend time here deliberately trying to trick anything, trying to game a system. I want you to understand the system is smarter than any one of us individually. They spend billions of dollars to make sure that these systems give good referrals and that they make good recommendations.

So even if we can game them, being able to do that for a long period of time is virtually impossible. Usually anything that we can do to game a system gets destroyed within a couple of months. They fix it and then we get dinged for it because we tried to do that. So don't do this. Instead, let's just focus on creating relevant relationships and working this backlink building process as we go, okay?