Now the goods. So eight ways to build backlinks. You do not need to be doing all of these things. Again, I'm gonna give you so many warnings and heads up. This is pick certain ways of doing this that are natural, that feel good to you, and that's it. Let's try to get one backlink a month. Listen, if you get one backlink a month, you will be number one in Google by the end of the year. Okay, so if you get three backlinks over the course of a year, that's still solid. One is a high-reaching number. Don't stress about this. Let's just do it naturally and progress naturally, okay? So number one is venues. Every time you do a shoot.

at a venue, this is mainly for like say wedding photographers, maybe for event photographers, you have to, obviously your work has to be at a venue, right? But what you're going to do is create some awesome images and you're going to send them those images and ask for a link within a feature. If they put up a blog post, if they use the images, you're going to ask for a link. Now I'm trying to take most of the work off your hands here, so if you go into your brand and strategy workbook, okay, and you go to email templates, you'll find, right here, so after the shoot, vendor and venue images.

Right here, so you send them a teaser and look please feel free to use the images you see fit We kindly ask that you please tag and then your studio name when using social media if you'd like to use the image on the Website I've also included a little HTML attribution link and what you want to do is is actually make this link So images by your studio name or wedding photography by this or if you can put keywords into this all the better Okay, feel free to make this message your own adjust it. This is not a template You have to like, you know, oh I gotta follow exactly what this says This is just a guide on what you would do after the shoot. Okay, so that's an easy way to build backlinks Is every venue gonna do it? No

No, but you'll get some and you'll get a decent number. And again, we don't need a ton of them to do it, we just need a few of these, okay? Number two, vendors. It's basically the exact same thing with every collaboration. And this applies to any genre. Anytime you can collaborate with somebody else, you can get them images, encourage them to blog it and to link to you. You could even teach them about why blogging is valuable. This is one of the things that we do with our planners, we do with our vendors, is we teach them why these things are important. And then they'd go and do it and then they create the backlinks. So again, the same Brandon's Strategy Guide, this can be used for vendor or venue emails, okay?

Okay, easy way. Number three, get published. So if you happen to be in the wedding or event space, you can use Too Bright Lights. It's kind of like a publishing platform specifically for wedding and events. If you're not, then I'm gonna give you an AI prompt for a bit of guidance, okay? So what you would do is just pop this into any AI. Let's just jump over to ChatGPT real quick and just pop this in. So if I said I'm a newborn photographer, so it's asking, I want to build my name credibility with SEO in the backlinks. So give me 10 different platforms of publications that would want images from my specific genre. And obviously you want.

to have like follow linking, right? So look, National Association of Portrait and Child Photographers, the NAPCP. You have Bump, Baby and Beyond Magazine. You have Tiny's Magazine. Now with each one of these, we wanna basically look at the submission process and we wanna make sure that they actually give backlinks. So look at one of their features and just make sure that they're actually sending do follow links. But you can get ideas in each of these spaces. Getting one of these, like if you're a newborn photographer, getting one of these relevant websites to feature your work, it's a big deal from a search perspective because most photographers never go this far, right? So getting one is actually quite powerful. Number four is.

is awards, so awards do carry value and I'm gonna talk about this in a second. It's mainly for social proof, for marketing, potentially for SEO, which I'm gonna talk about. That's the main factor there is when you find ones that do offer, do follow links, then it's like we kind of can actually hit all these birds with one stone, right? I'm gonna give you an example of them. We actually created, so my partner Chris created Wedding Maps specifically for this reason, to create an award system, a platform where features actually were relevant. Now, I always get on Chris about not marketing this enough and getting this out there more, but anyway,

We have over 200 members on this platform that are like paying members that basically they submit images for the different features and then we get them backlinks, we get them features in other magazines. So not only do they get backlinks from wedding maps in general, but we also try to get them featured on other platforms to get even more backlinks. Okay, so this is a directory that where an award and a feature can actually make a pretty significant impact but don't join it if you're not a wedding photographer. It doesn't make any sense to do that, right? Another wedding photography focused platform that does do follow links is Fearless. So if you get a Fearless award, if you're featured in their collections, then that is helpful.

as well. Just remember when you're featured in collections, you're featured amongst 80, 90, 100 other people or however many people win these awards. So it reduces the link juice a little bit, but still, if you enjoy trying to go for these awards anyway, then this is a natural process that will help you to build website authority as well. So I gave you a prompt, I'm a niche photographer looking for a place to earn awards where I can also get DoFollow SEO backlinks, given my niche, are there any platforms or directories that would meet this criteria, pop this into search if you're looking for something in your space. Now on the subject of awards, I do not, and I'm going to repeat, I do not want you to

submit to awards if what you're looking for is validation. If what you want is validation, you wanna feel like you're good enough to do this, don't do it because you're wasting money. The validation that you're looking for, it has to come internally. No amount of awards is going to get you there. And even if you win, the awards are not gonna create that validation. And what happens is most likely you're not gonna win. And then you're gonna be brought down even lower because you didn't. Do not go after these things for validation purposes. My opinion, and I know it's an unpopular one, but your client.

your family and your bank account. That's all the validation you should need. If you're doing right by your clients, if you're supporting and helping your family, and if your bank account is growing, that is literally all the validation you should ever need. Go after their awards because you go, okay, awards do something. They allow me to create social proof and these, what I call a faux marketing event. A faux marketing event is like featuring somebody on your Instagram and saying, hey, congratulations to so-and-so. We just collectively won this award. It gives you an excuse to talk about yourself, right? To talk about yourself.

if you're about your clients, and that's beautiful. Like it's great, it's content, it's material, it's also social proof. So it's very valuable from that standpoint, and if you can link it also to platforms that are giving you SEO links, now you're getting two, three birds and one stone. Fantastic use of time, I love it. But chasing after this, I hate it. I hate it, hate it, hate it. And I feel like so many platforms are there just to make money off of photographers' insecurities, and it bothers the shit out of me, okay? Please do not fall into this. If you want to talk about it, post in the group. Like we are a place to help lift and support each other. You don't need.

external validation from awards to do that. Okay, five is to write. So if you enjoy writing, you can actually write for industry publications, for educational websites that are within that topic of photography. Now, good general ones are places like F-stoppers and Petapixel. We actually used to offer this. We switched kind of the business model several years back. So we don't do general photography education. We don't have writers that come in. But F-stopper still does. You can apply to be a writer for F-stoppers. You can write articles for Petapixel. And literally in the article, you just, you say, hey, I'm a, at the end of the article, you have your bio. I'm a newborn photographer. I'm a headshot photographer. I'm this.

and there's your follow link. You can create a few of those over the course of a year and that's very, very valuable, okay? So again, I'm giving you a prompt just to help you find any educational websites that offer the ability to have outside contributors. So this will give you ideas on where you can go, but Fstoppers and Petapixel are two great places that allow that. Okay, then you have free directories. These are mainly gonna be for local SEO and so what I'm talking about here, like Yelp and I gave you some links. So if you actually click in the workbook, directories and Orbit Local, they give you really good online local business listings that are.

are usually free to list in, so generally don't pay for these listings, but they're free to list in, and it can help you with local SEO, which is beneficial. So this is good from that standpoint. I'd say it's not a great place for backlinks, for authority. It's just one of those, you might wanna do these just for local SEO, local search. Seven is paid directories. So premium directories will have an SEO benefit as long as they tell you that they're offering do follow links. But my thought on this is you can join some of these premium directories. I still feel like I wouldn't pay for a premium directory unless there was a secondary.