in depth in each area, okay? What I like doing is these shorter prompts that allow all of its time to go towards focusing on very specific things. So when it gives me something back, it's very specific, it's very in depth. And so here we go. For couples who crave meaning, not performance. R for storytelling, for wildly in love.

non-traditional souls. Feel every moment, not just remember it. Photography that honors who you are, not how you pose. So this has given me clarified messages specifically for London-based elopement destination wedding photography brand. Align with your dream client values and emotions. Guided, not staged. Natural, not stiff. Always for you. Now, I still like the one that we came up with, and if you want, you can give it more.

More specific, like what if we include the word couples so people know we're speaking to wedding couples or people in love, okay? We can give it additional guidance. Great call.

Adding the word couples helps immediately anchor the messaging to your niche. For couples who crave meaning over tradition. So it even like kind of went to one of those things that we came up with, right? For couples who value connection more than... Okay, so I could even say, how about this? What do you think about this one? Couples who value...

Adventure. Authenticity and connection over tradition. That's a strong and aligned message. It hits the emotional tone perfectly for your Ialdanas. Here's why it works. Minor optional tweaks if you'd like. For couples who choose adventure, I like that.

I actually value adventure. I like choose. For couples who choose adventure, authenticity, and connection over truism. I like the choose one. It's a little more, like I said, active, intentional. I love that. For couples who crave connection, not convention, I think it's too short. So I dig this. So I might say, okay, let's lock this in.

now it knows okay that's gonna be my clarified message. Locked in. Perfect. So this is how we go about crafting our clarified message okay is is we're gonna take the ideas that it gives us we're gonna play with it we're gonna reword it a bit and then we're gonna complete it to to get to our clarified message and as always if you have questions

about it just feel free to post it into the group we can we can offer feedback but you'll get so many great ideas directly from this and what we're going to do at this point is you're going to go back to I think it labels it right here so brand and strategy workbook it's tab one my business so we go to tab one which is my business and if you're let me just say

if you're seeing it on my side. I think it might be cut off on the bottom. So just a reminder for those of you that are looking at the brand strategy workbook, if I scroll this up at the bottom you have the different tabs right here. Okay so here's my business and you're just going to go right down to clarified message which is under step two of the program and you're going to drop it in right

here. One quick note is in version 2 I am making updates to the the workbook. Okay we're gonna do those updates like as we go. So the easiest way for you to pull those updates into yours just pull up the Brandon strategy workbook template the link will always stay the same to this template and you're gonna go to whatever tab has been updated.

and click right here under the arrow, go copy to, and you're gonna say existing spreadsheet. This is where you point it to your existing brand and strategy spreadsheet. So like I have a test one that I have set up just for this. So you just click that one, and it's gonna copy it and insert it right into that. We click open, and where it shows up is right at the end. So it goes copy.

of my business so it's not going to rewrite anything you have but you'll what you want to do is if you already have a zero one my business tab with information in it go ahead and copy the information from that tab over to this one and then what i would do is delete the old tab so you just delete it by clicking here go to delete okay and then you can click here and you can go rename

you can just drop the copy of and just put my business and then your new sheet will essentially take the place of your old sheet. You can also move these around because it'll put it at the end of the workbook so you'll likely need to just click and drag it to kind of move it to where you'd like in in your workbook. Okay but go ahead now and complete out the clarified method.

and then we'll jump into the next lesson. Oh, one more thing. I forgot to mention this. Think of a clarified message as something that you can tweak over time. Okay, so what I'm looking for here in your clarified message is not necessarily perfection where we're not going to make any adjustments in it going forward. What I'm looking for is direction. So direction over perfection.

Perfection. Okay, think of it that way meaning like if I had I said, you know for couples who value You know authenticity connection and this over tradition versus couples who choose I would say the choose is more of it Like that's perfection, right? I'm trying to get it. Perfect. But had I gone with value that would have been totally fine, too

We want to go as soon as we have a good direction where we know who we're talking to, we have something that speaks to them, we have something that's enough there, okay? You don't need to sit here and dwell until it's just absolutely perfect. You can do that over time. What we don't want is we don't want your clarified message to just have broad shifts over time where it's like you go from for couples who are

are seeking, like you go from elopement couples to basically like traditional wedding couples. You go from like, say, very classic kind of boudoir to like erotic couples boudoir. Those are huge shifts in demographics that we don't wanna do in a clarified message, but making little refinements.

in that is something that we expect to do over time. So when you have direction, that's enough to move forward. You don't need perfection, okay? All right, with that, let's go ahead and wrap up this lesson. Let's jump now into expanding our clarified message into a vision statement. So the clarified message is your external message. It's clear.

it's concise, this is a client-facing message that defines basically what you do, who you serve, and why it's different, right? The vision statement is an internal statement, so I don't feel like it's nearly as important, but it's still a nice guide and a nice thing to have internally, especially if you're working with someone else or if you intend to hire people.

It's also great if you're just working solo as well to kind of keep your aspirations, your idea of where this thing is going, up somewhere that you can kind of continually review it. So it's an aspirational statement or paragraph that defines your vision for the brand and what it is that you want to achieve. So if this was our clarified message, bold and vibrant imagery for couples who live a life of bold and vibrant

adventures, the vision statement might be something like, our vision at X studio is to be the leading boutique wedding photography studio in Southern California. We strive to capture bold and vibrant imagery. You would say like what your goals are with your client, right? And what the goals are and the vision is for where the business is going. Why do we do this now? It's not something that's like, like.

We ran a business without a vision statement for a long time. It's not like, you know, having one of these is going to be a make or break thing. It just helps to kind of further beef up that compass, um, by helping you to kind of define like this cultural North star. So this, this idea of whether it's one person or 10 people in my business, my culture is moving towards.

this direction. It's our guiding north star. It helps with decision making and alignment as well. So like you're going to get a lot of opportunities to do different things in your business, particularly the more successful you are, the more things are going to come about like in terms of opportunities that might pull you away from the thing that you actually want to be doing. And it's easy to say yes to those opportunities because

because you're like, it's good money, or I want the paycheck. But having the vision statement of what you're trying to create, it gives you a clear guide of like, well, should I take this or not? Should I maybe leave the money so I can focus on what my goals are? If you want to take the money, by all means, go for it. I'm not telling you not to. But having the vision statement there helps to kind of like guide your.

process when it comes to these decisions. It helps in the process of culture and hiring because we know the kind of person that we need to hire. If the person that we hire, if what we're looking for is people that can love our clients the way that we do, if that's part of our mission statement and someone is complaining about their past clients or what it was like to work with someone.

that they didn't like, then automatically we're like, okay, there probably isn't a good fit here. We can see that there's a disconnect. They don't necessarily love the people that they serve. There's a problem there. And also consistency in the client journey. So it kind of helps to define that. So it's one of those things that while we're here, why not create the vision statement? Why not have that as a guide while we're kind of doing this work?

The clarified message is 10,000 times more important. So a lot of you are throwing the vision statements up into the group and like, give me critique on this. And I'm like, honestly, the vision statement is just for you. It's not something that we really need to critique or worry about too much, okay? But it's a one paragraph statement that includes your vision for your brand identity, your ideal clients that you'd love.