serving and the experience you want to deliver. So again, ideal is this, I gave you the standalone prompt as well, but why not just continue the conversation, okay? So I also gave you some sections here where it says, please include the deeper purpose behind what I do this work, which is and include your purpose statement, the kind of impact I want to have, which is.

is insert impact statement, the kind of brand experience, insert brand experience. So I basically told it like, if you don't provide those things, it's gonna try to give you something, but it's ideal if you give it something on your own, okay? So let's go back to the little ongoing prompt conversation. So now we've built that. So the reason why.

How I do this work is, as a father of four, I believe that life's imperfect moments are the things that are worth remembering. Okay, the kind of impact on my clients that I wanna have is

help them remember what matters most in life is not career, money, but rather memories with those they love. The kind of brand experience I want to create, which is one-on-one personalized, we love it.

Love our clients as if they're our own. Okay. And then I press go. Yours can be whatever you want. I'm kind of just throwing in my own ideas here. So here's your vision statement, grounding your personal values. Um, so look, it's even building in those ideas, which I think if you're going to make a vision statement, if.

You're gonna put it somewhere on your website. I actually like those personal details. As a father of four, I've learned that life's imperfect, unscripted moments are the ones that truly matter. Through deeply personal and intentional photography, my mission is to create a space for couples to slow down, connect and capture what's real. Beyond beautiful image, I aim to remind clients that it's not success or status defines a meaningful life, but the love and memories that we share with those closest to us.

Every couple we work with is treated like family and experience is tailored. So if I have an about us page, this isn't going at the top of that page, but it might go like, when I get to a place where I've eventually talked about, you know, who I am and like, what are my values, what are my hobbies, things I like, all those things, they've gotten to know me. And they kind of scroll down and I say like, why did I build my business?

business, this is when I would put in a vision statement into that spot is somewhere like there. Okay, that kind of goes deeper into a clarified message. Alright, hopefully that makes sense to you all. I think it's pretty clear and the AI is going to give you really good guidance in terms of your specific genre. So let's jump into that. I want you to complete the vision statement.

and then go ahead and drop it into your brand and strategy workbook. Let's go back to our, yeah, the original one. So it's gonna go right under your clarified message. This is your vision statement right there. Okay, simplify, make it yours. And when you're done with this, jump to the next lesson. Now, let's name your business. This is of course a.

assuming that you haven't named your business, right? If you've named your business, obviously you can skip this. But in version one of the program, it was funny over the last year, we got all these questions like, what I should name my business? I kind of just assumed that everyone had this one on lockdown. And I was like, that's dumb of me. I should have built that in. So now we're building this in. But what I want you to understand right from the beginning,

is that this is not a decision that's going to make your business and what I mean is there is a number of right choices that you can make here. I do want you to understand that is most certainly an area that can break your business. If you choose a name that's kind of off-putting or just doesn't resonate with your audience, yeah that can be a

breaker and usually those are those are pretty obvious names their names that like could mean something dirty their names that could mean something like I'll give you an example and I don't mean if my alumni hears this I I'm not calling anything out I'm not even gonna use a name but I had one of my alumni ask of like like there they came in and their name was their business name was

Spicy Vision, and that was for a wedding studio. And I was like, you gotta change that. Spicy Vision, at least in the West, very much has a connotation of like spicy films, like adult entertainment. Like that sounds like an adult type wedding photography, or an adult type business. It doesn't sound like a wedding photography business. So, we need to understand that the wrong.

name can definitely break it but there can be many right names and by the way I think the reason why they chose that one is because it was an Indian focused brand so it probably had more references to the colorful nature of the culture maybe the foods I don't know but it might have made sense there it didn't make sense you know used in in Western culture anyway keep

Keep those things in mind as you are marketing, especially those of you that are in areas where you are not just marketing to maybe your own culture, but maybe you're marketing to a German audience or maybe it's to some other country. Maybe you're an expat living in another country and you're marketing there. Make sure...

that the name that you choose works with the people that are going to be basically hiring you, works within the culture there. That's specifically like if you're not a native speaker of the culture that you are running the business within, but I think that's a small number of you. Okay, so let's talk about the idea of using your name for your business. Using your name

So examples of that would be like Jose Villa for weddings, India Earle for elopements, Elena Blair, Danny Diamond for commercial portraits, Sue Bryce, Jen Rosenbaum. All these are names of businesses, right? And a lot of these are friends of mine. And all of these work. Using your name, it simply works. It's tried and true. You might not think it's exceptionally creative, but it works.

benefits to it like it actually builds trust faster if I if I know Jose Villa and I'm like oh this is his brand then I can I can trust that this is a person that he's gonna deliver that this is tied to his name it builds trust faster it's tied to a person so it's great for personal brands and it's honestly probably the easier method when you're

when you're starting a photography business solo, it's just simply to make it your name, right? The downsides of it is that clients would expect you to deliver the service. So it makes it a bit harder to scale if that is your intention. Like if you wanna bring in associate shooters, if you wanna bring in other photographers to deliver on your experience, this makes it more challenging, right? Because, well, you're not the one that's.

with delivering on it, but the business is tied to your name. And I won't say it makes it impossible, but more challenging for sure. If I want Jose Villa to be my wedding photographer, I'm definitely gonna have issues if he sends James Joseph to come and shoot my wedding. I'm like, no, I hired Jose Villa, why are you here type thing? So it's not impossible.

but it definitely makes it harder to scale, tougher to sell or transition the process when you're selling like an associate type service, right? So these are examples. Obviously, if you wanna use your business name, you'd really don't need any help with AI or anything. You simply use your name. Now, using a fictitious business name, there's benefits to that.

this as well it tends to be more scalable so if we do want associates it's easier to bring them in to work under this brand we're selling a brand experience rather than like a like a like an individual like a like a personal brand there's also better long-term flexibility so if I want to simply own the business and manage it then I can do that I don't have to be the one that's also operating

the one that's also shooting, the one that's doing all the other things, right? The downsides is that I should say it's not that it can feel less personal, it will feel less personal because it is not tied to somebody, right? So it will feel less personal which means that a lot more brand development and differentiation is needed to really create that brand experience.

and to create an experience that other people like your associates could actually mimic. But it does put you in a position where you can you know bring on associates easier. So fictitious name examples would be like Wild and Rooted, The Untamed Lens, Oak and Ember Studios, Velvet Light, all these are fictitious business names that all sound quite whimsical.

Whimsically delightful. So what I've done is given you a business name generator. What we're gonna do is continue that same prompt conversation. And I actually am re-recording this video because the first time I recorded it, it crashed. So in the same prompt conversation that you've been doing, I'm gonna go back to, let's see, go back to my,

My GPT, I went and continued and finished out the training. So let me go back to this, which I renamed. I actually renamed it, the brand strategist at the end. You'll see it when you get to the very end lesson. But you're gonna drop this in as the next piece of your conversation. Please forgive that you're not seeing the previous conversation here, because my thing crashed. So I want.

you to drop that in and it's going to continue the conversation by taking everything you've done thus far and start giving you names and ideas for your business. Obviously you don't need this if you're using your your own personal name. I've also given you a version of this as a standalone prompt but I'd rather you just use this one. It's going to get you better results and keep that conversation going. Plus I want