Okay, so step two is your dream client. So this is where going into version two of the program, there's been a little bit of flip flop. We move kind of the market research more into step one and step two now is about defining our avatar. Some of the pain points, the things that we're gonna be covering here is, well, why do I need to define my audience and my client? How do I do this process? How do I create an avatar or persona? We're even gonna get into things like, what should I name my business? That's been kind of a question that has popped up throughout the past year, which I never really talked about in the first round. And I thought, we need to get into that for those that don't yet have a name. We'll talk also about what is the clarified message.

and vision statement. We're going to also create those here and we'll speak on how to do that. And I thought this would be the perfect place actually to insert the AI training. I've been wanting to do like an AI booster module for quite a while and I thought it doesn't really make sense to be its own module because I want it to be something that you're using and learning in conjunction with like what you're doing in your business and within the program. So I thought this is the perfect place to kind of get into it. With step one you've got to see some of the basic prompts that I was creating for you all. They weren't basic prompts but you got to see what we have. Now in step two I actually want to level you up and kind of turn you into a prompt engineer on your own. So we're going to accomplish that in this step as well which is going to be

for any of you that have already completed step two, like maybe this past year, this version of it is gonna give you a completely new refresher, and it's also gonna train you in AI as we go. So there's a lot here to jump into. Once again, just a quick heads up, this is fast paced. I believe that education, it needs to be quick, it needs to be easy to digest in order for it to be effective so we can actually implement it. So I expect you to need to kind of pause, to take time to implement and to basically repeat that process. That's why you have the lesson library, that's why you can refer to these at any time, okay? All right, once again, also between sessions, remember that the mentorship.

group. It's there for you to ask questions. You can ask it of me. You can ask it of, we have several group experts. I also have team members in there. It's a great place to seek advice, feedback from peers, to link up for role plays, all of that, as well as to share wins or aha moments. Okay. With that said, let's dive into the first lesson.