you can create custom GPTs or projects, then by all means, jump back into this, okay? But you can learn a ton just by the process itself. Let's jump back right here. So once we have that, we're gonna go ahead and start with this prompt. So I'm gonna say in a moment, we're gonna work through a series of prompts. When I finish the entire process, I'd like for you to create me a set of instructions that I can add back to this project to tailor the way that you, and usually I'll say the name of the AI, respond to this product. You don't have to say the name of the AI.

But can you do that for me? I'll let you know when I'm done with the entire prompt chain. After that, you can go ahead and create the instructions. Okay, so I'm gonna go ahead and copy this and I will paste it right back into this, right? Okay, and I'm gonna press go. Now it's gonna say, absolutely, I'm ready whenever you are. Just let me know when you've completed the full prompt chain I'll create a tailored set of instructions of how I should respond. So basically what we're doing is we're.

queuing up the AI to say what I'm about to give you is an entire set of instructions and what we're gonna use this for is creating our avatar, understanding our market, all of that, so we can know exactly who we're speaking to, so we can understand the avatar. We'll have a clarified message. We'll have all these things that tie into our business and it'll have a good idea of our business and then it knows we're gonna turn everything here into basically a set of instructions. So that's what we're gonna do and we'll work through it lesson by lesson. But right now, we're done.

this so as long as you have your project set up and again if you're unable to use projects or anything just use a regular chat you can follow the exact same process in a regular chat and if you have an account I'm not sure how far it saves history with like free accounts but I believe you still have a history the you can always go back to a previous conversation and kind of use it the same way it's just when we have projects we can kind of go to those at any time they're permanently saved essentially okay perfect if you have any questions

Let's go ahead and jump into the group. Looks like we don't have any live questions, so I'm gonna wrap this up right here.