Okay, so I wanna start this with leveling up your AI toolkit. So like I mentioned, rather than having a complete separate module for training on AI, what I'd rather do is kind of give you the ideas of what we're gonna accomplish in terms of leveling up you as a prompt engineer, as someone who can really effectively use AI in your business. We're gonna do that here in this lesson and then throughout this entire step, throughout this entire module, we're gonna basically build on it. At the end, we're essentially gonna save out your first.

kind of rudimentary AI app, if that's kind of what we're gonna call it, okay? Which is kind of cool. Essentially, what we're gonna be doing in this step is making our first AI app, okay? A very basic one. So let's talk about kind of what are the basic ideas of prompt engineering or kind of how we use AI. And side note, you can use any AI you'd like. We're gonna use ChatGPT for this, but if there's something else that you'd like to use, by all means. Level one is what I would call.

basic prompting, okay? Basic prompting is basically, you're treating the AI kind of like a search engine. You're just asking questions like, what's the best way to learn this? Or how do I do this? What's a good name for my business? And a lot of people kind of look down on this way of kind of using AI, like you're not taking full advantage. I have no problem with this. I use AI in this context all the time. It's just, you're using it like a basic search engine. You're expecting kind of search-like results, but maybe a little bit better. We're not using it to its full extent. It's.

totally okay. I use it like this all the time for my phone. When we go to level 2 what we start doing now is contextual prompting and what this means is that we learn that kind of specificity matters when it comes to getting good results out of the AI okay. So an example is that we we might say something like write me a funny Instagram caption assuming that I am a blank photographer you insert your niche I'm targeting this type of client and I'm posting about the importance of this topic okay.

And so we give it some context and some background to what it is that we're looking for. This is level two. And that's kind of, we're gonna get better results from this. Level three would be role-based prompting. And most of what you've seen in kind of the first module in step one is basically kind of a between, it's around a level three prompt, right? Everything, if you went through version one of this program, most of what we have in here are basically level three prompts. Where we begin to treat the AI like a collaborative partner and we.

define a role, so we might say like let's assume you are a brand strategist, you have an expert background on this, then you give it the context based on my photography business which serves this client in this space, what's a, and then you ask a question, what's a compelling clarified message, what should I do for pricing, and then you might say like speak to the results you wanted to give you right, give me five variations, use different tones, let's keep it between eight and twelve words, whatever it might be. So this is level three,

we're now going to role-based prompting and we're beginning to kind of speak to the AI like a partner. Really the next piece of going to level four is that we start using existing frameworks, we start building maybe templates of our own, and we start doing what is called prompt chaining. This is one of those things that I was kind of hoping that everyone would naturally do when I taught version one of the program. So I'm kind of giving you a level three prompt throughout version one of this program, I gave you level three.

and then I would expect you to continue the conversation. What I notice is that a lot of us weren't doing that. We weren't doing prompt chaining. And so what I wanted to do in this module as we go into this new version of 10k2k is to actually give you a complete example of prompt chaining where we're gonna basically work from one thing to the next. We not only define the role, we might say, and this is something you could actually do, right? You could actually say you're an expert on sales psychology using the WAVE framework in the sales handbook. So you could actually.

upload the sales handbook that I've given each of you. You guys have that handbook, right? So you could go and, and let me pull it up on my side. Sales, uh, handbook, or maybe I have to get to my drive account for it to search. Okay. Sales handbook. Okay. This is the sales handbook that's referenced. I could have just pulled it up from the brand and strategy guide. So it's referenced right here in the brand and strategy guide, uh, right there. Steps 14 through 16, the link to your sales handbook, right? You could actually download this.

as a pdf or a doc file generally when you're uploading to AI it works best if you're doing it like as a pdf or a simple document format so upload it directly to the AI and then you can use this as the actual contextual background and training and the wave is already referenced in here it's already trained in here right so you could literally upload it to the AI and then say then ask it a question like for example using the wave framework in the sales handbook that I've uploaded I want you to analyze my sales transcript to tell me where I went wrong

This is one of my favorite things to do. What you can do is, I've told you all that you can record, I want you to record each of your sales meetings, right? There are several different AI apps that you can use to basically turn that video into a transcript. One of them that I use quite a bit is called Descript, okay? You can go to Descript, you can upload the video of you having that conversation. It'll turn it into a transcript, then you throw it in the chat GPT, you give it this prompt, upload the sales handbook, and it'll literally tell you.

to you exactly what went wrong in this process. So this is level four of kind of prompt chaining, using existing templates, existing frameworks. I wanna make sure that this makes sense to everybody. Does this make sense? If so, and when I ask that question, I'm asking it of kind of our people that are attending me filming this live. But if you are watching this from the lesson library and you have questions on this, please jump into the group and ask whatever questions you have. I want this to be fun and to be exciting because it should open up an entire.

new world for you, okay? The next step, level five, is where we start creating, I would say projects is the first level of this. The next level would be custom GPTs, and then API integration would kind of be a final place where essentially what we do is we turn this trained API, this trained AI into its own piece of software. We're not gonna get that far. We're gonna go to the project level and the custom GPT level. That's where I'd like you to end up here, but you can continue this on if you'd like.

to get even deeper into this process so by the end of today my my goal for you to buy depending on how long you're taking for this this step this module by the end of this module my goal for you is that you land somewhere between level four and and level five okay i hope that's kind of fun and exciting we're gonna have a blast with this what i want to do is i want to kick this off with the ai prompt chainer this is gonna be part one then we're gonna do the actual training through each step of this uh so each sorry i should say each lesson

within this step and then at the end of this we have the part to the prompt trainer where we're going to turn it into an actual like project that we're going to use on an ongoing basis okay so to start this off what I'd love for you to do is if you'd like to follow along I'm going to do this in chat GPT again if you want to use your own a different AI program that's totally fine but we're gonna create a new project a different you know AI app like if you're using grok or something else they might call it something else but in chat GPT this is a project

And what this does, it allows you to keep your files, your chat, your instructions in one place. So it kind of keeps it all tidy and we can kind of reference it whenever we'd like, okay? So let me go ahead and do that now just to kind of give you guys an idea. And by the way, if you don't have, let me refresh this. So this is kind of how the view might look and you'll have your, if you have custom GPTs, it'll be on the left, your history will be right here. Generally that new project is gonna be just right below your custom GPT. So we're gonna click new project. And.

You can call this whatever you'd like, but I'm just gonna call this my avatar. What did I call it over here? My client avatar, okay. What we're really gonna do is turn this into a brand and strategist, right? A brand strategist. So if you wanna call it like my brand strategist, you totally can. But I'm just gonna keep it simple. We're gonna call it that and then create project. All right? And then what we'll be doing is throughout this entire module, we're gonna be adding to this conversation as we go, okay?

So we're gonna essentially build in this one place if you don't have access because like creating a custom GPT or oftentimes Using projects. These are premium features. Look. I highly recommend having a premium chat GPT count It's 20 bucks a month the the benefits that you get from it far exceed the cost, but if you don't have one, that's okay I want you to follow along you can just do this in a new chat and just watch the process of how to do this And then when you get to a place where you have a premium account

you can create custom GPTs or projects, then by all means, jump back into this, okay? But you can learn a ton just by the process itself. Let's jump back right here. So once we have that, we're gonna go ahead and start with this prompt. So I'm gonna say in a moment, we're gonna work through a series of prompts. When I finish the entire process, I'd like for you to create me a set of instructions that I can add back to this project to tailor the way that you, and usually I'll say the name of the AI, respond to this product. You don't have to say the name of the AI.

But can you do that for me? I'll let you know when I'm done with the entire prompt chain. After that, you can go ahead and create the instructions. Okay, so I'm gonna go ahead and copy this and I will paste it right back into this, right? Okay, and I'm gonna press go. Now it's gonna say, absolutely, I'm ready whenever you are. Just let me know when you've completed the full prompt chain I'll create a tailored set of instructions of how I should respond. So basically what we're doing is we're.

queuing up the AI to say what I'm about to give you is an entire set of instructions and what we're gonna use this for is creating our avatar, understanding our market, all of that, so we can know exactly who we're speaking to, so we can understand the avatar. We'll have a clarified message. We'll have all these things that tie into our business and it'll have a good idea of our business and then it knows we're gonna turn everything here into basically a set of instructions. So that's what we're gonna do and we'll work through it lesson by lesson. But right now, we're done.

this so as long as you have your project set up and again if you're unable to use projects or anything just use a regular chat you can follow the exact same process in a regular chat and if you have an account I'm not sure how far it saves history with like free accounts but I believe you still have a history the you can always go back to a previous conversation and kind of use it the same way it's just when we have projects we can kind of go to those at any time they're permanently saved essentially okay perfect if you have any questions

Let's go ahead and jump into the group. Looks like we don't have any live questions, so I'm gonna wrap this up right here.