And you see it, you see it, Catherine. But look, they hate pushy sales tactics or upselling, lack of location guidance, logic stress. It's everything that I need, right? So for you, I'm hoping that you're kind of getting excited about this too, because man, we're starting to get really, even if we don't have a great picture of who it is that we're serving, now we're getting a good picture. And if we already know, if we already have some experiences to who we're serving, we can literally use that and tie it to this and be like, dude, I.

I am laser focused in who I'm trying to target. Okay, now we go to step three, the wants and needs. What does your clients truly value or appreciate when it comes to your service? And by the way, let me go ahead and jump back to this so I don't forget. Your psychographic information goes here. So after you have an understanding of it, I want you to copy it and paste it right here, drop it in here. We do have a project for this going on in chat GPT. So this is a little bit redundant because most likely I'll just go back to that place. But it's still nice to have it documented somewhere where I can.

So I wouldn't skip this, but just understand that this is more for reference than it is, like we're not gonna have ongoing conversations here. But go ahead and document it, and then let's go to that next piece, the avatar wants and needs, which is this one. So this is the place where we can understand what they truly value, what do they appreciate, how are they gonna connect with us as their photographer? Is this someone who is easygoing? Is it someone that, you know, do they want simplicity and end-to-end service? Is it traditional poses and portraits? Is it authentic?

Part of that we already got from that previous example, right? We're going to tie into it deeper. So we're going to continue this, right? Okay. We're going to grab this and we're going to continue that prompt chain with prompt number three. I love how it already gave me some of that here, but we're going to continue. Okay. So now we dive into further of this Elopement Destination Photography client.

Personal connection is essential. Okay, so that about us page where we get deep, where we talk about some of the things that are meaningful to us, that is gonna be huge for them. And honestly, that's gonna be huge for most clients. But they wanna feel understood. They want someone that gets their vision. They want direction versus documentary. So they want kind of a hybrid approach, not fully posed, but not abandoned either. They don't want it fully hands-off, but they don't want heavy posing, right? So it gives like prompted candids or guided documentary. It gives you freaking words that.

would appeal to them. Candid is greater than posed. So emotional moments win every time, right? So that means that in my portfolio, I probably should not be throwing in like posed traditional portraits of them standing from the Louvre, but instead maybe a shot of them walking, talking, having fun, sipping on coffee, you know, whatever it might be that they're doing in action, right? Tangible art products. This audience is often split. Some are digital first, others value heirlooms. Here's the breakdown. So albums desired if they're authentic, aesthetic, minimalistic, and story-driven, not every.

will buy up front but they love seeing one in person. I would tend to agree with this where like most people on the wedding side they want digitals first the album is the big upsell that's the big thing that we can get to them. This is difficult wall art and frame prints with well styled homes this is like uh it's tough because if they're especially if they're elopement clients it might be tough to get them back into a zoom call or to get pictures of their home or to actually see or maybe they don't even have their their their their forever home yet so

This is like a bonus, but the album is definitely something that we can place with virtually every client so long as we're selling it properly. Digital ownership, absolutely expected. So we're looking at like inclusive models, we're looking at including those digitals, right? Tech and delivery expectations, emotional experimental needs, they wanna feel understood, supported, relaxed, not rushed, inspired by the setting. Like the photographer is part of the magic, not a distraction. So look at this, what to prioritize, how to deliver, gentle direction, candid emotions. So this is where we go back.

back to our brand and strategy workbook and we start to list out what are their needs when it comes to your service? What are their expectations? This is the guide over here on the right, by the way, do they want a personal connection? Do they want their photographer to be non-intrusive? All those things we build into this because they're going to continue guiding our efforts as we put together all of our entire online presence. Okay. All right. So go ahead and complete that wants and needs section when you're ready. Let's go to problems and challenges. This is in your brand strategy that we're

going down the row of these next pieces, okay? So these are areas where we're gonna come back to problems and challenges quite a bit because these are areas where your content lies. When we go and create content, whether it's, you know, we're gonna start with basically like our SEO content, then we're gonna put those in the social media content, we're gonna create emails, all that. When it comes to the ideal content for your clients, so much of it has to do with their problems and challenges. So you're gonna come back to this.

space over and over. I want you to spend a good amount of time here. But these are questions like how do I hire the right photographer? What about other vendors? How do I find the right venue? Where should we plan our shoot? How do I dress for our shoot? Do I need to lose 10 pounds first? Do I need to do this? Should I be fitted for a dress first? How do I plan my timeline? All of these relate to the problems and challenges that our clients might have, right? Or what we want to do is understand the problems and challenges. So let's grab the next prompt. Copy. And we continue our prompt chain.

And if it says, if you want it to stop by the way, say no, please don't give me additional questions. I'll give you prompts and then it'll actually stop handing you stuff like that if you wanted to. Again, this is our collaborative partner. I always say please, I always say please because one day AI will be running my life and.

Robots will be all around us, and the world as we know it will be over. And I figure if I'm kind to AI, they'll be nice to me. Maybe. Okay. So look, dream client challenges and pain points. Hiring the right photographer, key challenges. Oversaturations, the market's flooded, they struggle to know who's truly good, who aligns their values, vibe mismatch fears, lack of transparency, paralysis by analysis. Okay, what they want is someone who makes the choice feel easy, clear pricing, strong emotional connection, genuine guidance. Oh man.

and the wave is gonna be so key with these individuals. Booking logistics, vendor stress. So vendors need an impact on you. So like they struggle to coordinate their celebrant, their permit, travel accommodations. These are all areas where we could be like, here's my five favorite hotels, right? Here's the thing that I'd love to do. Here's some hints on your timeline. These could be downloadable guides that we can even give them. There's so much here. They crave a photographer who acts like a guide or planner. That's exactly what I said. Like here are my favorite places to go to. Who's been here before, we can help avoid mistakes.

Beautiful, internal mindset challenges. So camera anxiety, body image, fear of regret, feeling unworthy of the moment. So this is so common, we're so awkward in photos, we don't know how to pose. That could literally be the title of an article, couldn't it? We're awkward in photos, here are 10 things that you can do to feel more at ease in front of the camera. Oh my goodness, we already have everything we want. So this is gonna give you everything you need to kind of understand what those problems and challenges are. What I want.

to do is go back to the brand and strategy workbook, go ahead and document them here and know that we're gonna come back to these. So the more we have here, the more content ideas we have that we can later use as we get to the marketing side. Okay, all right. Someone said, I do the same thing and I thank IT for its help. Yes, might as well start getting on its good side now. All right, step five is now to create a short description of this dream client avatar. This is again for reference purposes. So watch, what we're gonna do is.

grab this final summary prompt and and what we're looking to do is rather than me having to do the description itself I'm just gonna again continue the conversation okay and now it's literally gonna give me this and I can take this exact phrase this exact thing I could even say okay please shorten this it's like a nervous tick to include please and everything now

Perfect, that's it, and now I drop it right into my brand strategy workbook, okay? Your brief avatar description. And that piece is done. This is again for us to quickly look at at any point in time because basically what I want you to have, and let me go back to that little thing right here. Your dream client is creative, emotionally driven woman in her early 30s planning an intimate elopement or destination wedding. She values authenticity, meaningful experiences. So look, when I have my clarified message, I check it against this. Does it resonate with this person?