Now let's jump into identifying your dream client avatar. So the first question along these lines that I often get is like, why do I need to identify my target audience? The simple truth of this goes back to the thing that we kind of spoke about in step one, which is, well, Seth Godin said it best when he said, when you speak to everyone, you speak to no one. Okay, going back to some of those examples, right? I wanna make those examples more concrete, but let's get a little refresher. So we gave this example previously.

Are the clients on the left the same as the clients on the right? We go, okay, of course they are not. In the case of this guy on the right, the fitness dude, he is not looking for anything that the wedding couple is looking for. This one is plain and simple, right? Wedding couple, they want something totally different than what this guy wants, we know that. But the one that was a little bit more difficult to understand was that, well, and I'm giving wedding analogies, but you could insert boudoir, you could insert anything else into this, right? When we look at such different stylistic, like.

versions of an image like we have one that's bright and airy and one that is dark, dramatic and adventurous. We have to recognize that the clients on the left are not the same as the clients on the right. So even though we're both in the same genre, we might both be wedding photographers. We might both be boudoir photographers. We might both be family photography. It doesn't matter. The styles are so distinctly different that they're going to draw in a different type of clientele on both sides. Okay. And I get that that sounds theoretical.

You're like, Pye, this sounds like theory. How do we make this real? How do I apply this specifically to my business? So I wanna keep it within that wedding example, and I'm gonna show you some other examples in just a moment, but let me give you context for this. So I have here, this is Tom. So MOT Photography, this is his website that he just finished, one of our alumni, and it's a fantastic website, beautiful design. I'm like, we gotta make this one of our examples, okay? So I'm looking at his, and this is a wedding.

photographer, right? And let's look at another version of alumni and a wedding photographer. This is Tim. Oh, they both start with T's. And they're three letter names. So Tim Eyrich, this is his page, right? And they're both wedding photographers, but we have to look at this and go, they are targeting two very different types of clients. Visually arresting, cinematic wedding photographer, couples who value passionate and artistic storytelling. Look at the colors on the page. We have full black with bold lettering. Here we have like kind of.

that classic white with images that just pop and sort of a timeless lettering over here. These have two very different appeals to them, don't they? And it kind of goes back to putting this example into actual practice, seeing that just because we're both wedding photographers does not necessarily mean that we're direct competitors. It doesn't mean at all that we're serving the same clients. So we have to start looking at our business in a way where we understand the person that we're speaking to.

And this isn't like, you know, to say that these would be fitting, right? But I would say that the image on the left would fit much better into Tom's type of website than this image on the right. And I would say that this image on the right would probably fit much better into Tim's type of design and website than the one on the left, that light and airy look. It wouldn't fit quite right. I'm not saying that those are perfect fits. I think their style is absolutely brilliant and beautiful, what they have. But I want you to see how this plays out, okay?

Because it's in this process, by knowing who your dream client avatar is, that's what makes it easy to create your logo and your branding. Because we create it to fit what it is that resonates with them, what it is that would appeal to them. It makes it that much easier to design out your website, to craft the perfect portfolio, to know what images in that portfolio are gonna speak to them. It makes it that much easier to write website content and copy, to advertise and to do marketing, whether it's organic, whether it's paid. It makes it.

it so much easier to know what good organic content would be because we actually know who we're speaking to and also it helps with pricing services and the kind of the list goes on. But without knowing these things, we could say this, it's far worse than just being blindfolded is attempting to build a business without knowing your audience. It's not just like being blindfolded. It's like trying to hit a moving target while being blindfolded and while sitting on the back of a donkey. It is the most difficult task we can imagine.

And so that's why we're spending time to define the avatar. That's why we're trying to understand who we're speaking to. And that's why in the last step, I had you do the market research. That step by itself helps us to understand, well, who are the direct competitors in this space? What are they doing well? How are they communicating with their audience? And who does that audience look like? What do their designs look like? Hopefully throughout that process, you've got ideas, and now we're gonna start translating it into a roadmap of what we're gonna do moving forward.

Okay, so to give you ideas of how this looks in different contexts, this was, and again, we'll pull these up quite a bit throughout this to kind of give different examples, but this was Stephanie's website that we did like a little bit of a, kind of an example on, right? We kind of took the existing design and I dropped some of her images into a new design. This is how that might translate into creating an upscaled boudoir experience. This is how it might translate into creating headshot and branding photography. This is Viviana Cardenas. This is her site that is brand.

portraits, and how kind of understanding her audience looks like with that. Because we're speaking to almost doing case studies in this example, right? This is Momentum, Moment Tom. So Tom's website, which is focused on timeless wedding films. So the reason why we can get to these places and get to these designs that speak to somebody is because we know who it is that we're speaking to. And so that's how, that's how it's going to play out as we go through this process. And that's how it's going to play out.

I'm not asking you to start designing anything just yet. I know you're looking at these and going, okay, but what do I do next? What I'm asking right now is that we simply step into our client's mind, complete the research process. You're gonna start getting ideas. Well, hopefully you already have started to get ideas from step one. But as we continue, those will become more and more refined. These are all alumni that have been through the program. They've been working on it for quite some time. Some of them like a little bit over a year. So they're pretty well defined in terms of where they're going. So.

Again, just a quick heads up, I'm not wanting you to start doing the work yet, but what I do want right now is that you've actually selected your niche. Because if we don't yet know what we're doing in terms of niching, then as we move forward, essentially everything that we do is potential kind of fodder for having to have rework. It's potential areas that we're gonna have to completely redo if we shift our niche or if we better define it, if we later understand who it is that we're serving. So I would.

say don't continue from this point moving forward until you understand what your niche is because we can't even get to identifying a dream client until we know what niche we're serving first. Okay. All right. So let's dive now into the dream client toolkit. This is actually where we're gonna start documenting the process and what I like to say in this process is you're putting together this what this dream client this avatar looks like is the ideal client. It often reflects you. The best hint for it is you.

Um, the ideal client is usually someone that reflects your own values, your own aspirations. They tend to be people that you can naturally resonate with, and they tend to be people that you might naturally be friends with, which is why, like, if you're working with the right people, oftentimes they actually become friends. So one of the, the first hints I like to give is just to think of who do you resonate with? What are your values? What are your aspirations? That's often a great starting place. But step number one is we like to purchase from brands and people that we can connect with. So.

Um, the question is, can your target audience relate to the people that are shown in your, in your portfolio, the clients that you feature on social media, the locations, the venues that you showcase, the content and copy of your website, most of this ties back to demographic information. Okay. I would say content and copy very much goes into the value side, the psychographic side, but let's start with the basics. So the basics is to be able to put together demographics and let's look at our brand and strategy workbook for just a moment. So go ahead and pull that up.

on your guys' side. We're working in number two, the client avatar. You'll notice this first section is just demographic information. So we can upload a sample picture right here. We give them a fictitious name. We put in age, gender, ethnicity, relationship status, some background information, religion, culture, if that's applicable, level education. All of this is basic demographic information. Why this is relevant is because if your demographic is, let's say,

let's say you're serving families, and most of the families that hire you, you're doing like generational family portraits, right? So most of the time you're being hired by someone that's in their 40s, and you're working with like a grandparent, and you also have a child in the scene, right? But let's say the person hiring you is in their 40s, it's a mom or a dad. Then that kind of needs to be representative of what I'm showcasing in my portfolio, right? That demographic information ties directly to who I'm showing. If I show images of just children,

And it doesn't speak to the person that's necessarily hiring me. Oh, I want a generational portraits. And the same thing goes for like boudoir. Like oftentimes I'll see, and well, the same thing goes for every niche. But I wanted to specifically speak to boudoir because oftentimes what I see is someone says they want to create a boudoir business. So what they do is they go about doing model shoots and test shoots with 20 year olds. And 20 year old models or 20 year old people that they're paying or doing free shoots with. And they've created this portfolio and the images might look fantastic, but they don't.

with the actual people that are hiring. The actual people that are hiring is maybe someone in their 30s, maybe someone in their 40s, maybe in their 50s. Someone that doesn't look like they have the perfect figure. Someone that doesn't, their full-time job is not being a model. And so if you create a portfolio that is only this one thing, and then you start marketing it, and the people that are looking at your site, they can't see themselves in your work, then there's an immediate disconnect. They're gonna go, well, I'd love to get images like this, but I don't look like that, so I can't do this. Hi.

I can't take boudoir photos. That is such a prevalent thing in boudoir, but it's across the board for every other niche and genre. If you are trying to market to young, you know, 20 year olds that want adventurous photos for their, for weddings, and you're, you're pulling people into model, like you, you do a testing, like you want to do a test shoot, whatever it is. And you grab people that are in their forties because you know them, that doesn't help you because it doesn't tie to the people that you're trying to speak to. So demographic information.

is important, mostly in the area of making sure that our actual portfolio, the people that we're showcasing on our website, throughout our social media, that it actually resonates with the type of people that we're looking to get to hire us. That's where it's really applicable. Okay, let me jump back to this for one second. So I'm giving you the first AI prompt. And what I've said here is using your favorite AI, use this series of prompts. So what we're going to do now is actually train our AI as we go, okay?

And what I've also done is, actually, we're just gonna use the, let's just use the ongoing one, okay? So let's grab this, all right? And we're gonna go back to our chat GPT. This is where we started that prompt, right? That we're creating for our client avatar. So what I'm gonna do is go ahead and drop this in. And then let's go ahead and pick a niche that we'd like to target. So let's do, I wanna give it some.

something unique, so let's say I'm an elopement photographer based in, I don't know, let's go London. And I want to better understand my client avatar, please analyze my niche, okay, please include typical gender, perfect. Let's say elopement slash destination photographer, and we're gonna press go. You're gonna insert whatever you have on your side, okay? Now, what this is gonna do is, this is gonna start.

giving me specifically demographic data. So here's the demographic profile. The typical age range is 28 to 38. Secondary might be a little bit younger, more adventurous couples that are on a budget. And then it gives you another secondary like 39 to 45. They're second marriages or older professionals that are loping for intimacy, right? This gives me such a beautiful target. So even if I don't know myself, then I can start looking at this and going, okay, well, predominantly it's women that are gonna be 80% of inquiries are from women. Okay, I need the website to resonate with them.

Ethnicity is predominantly white British, but also includes Western European, Asian British, North American clients, relationship status, place of residence, level of education, all of that. It's gonna give you the average household income, which is between 70, 100,000, 50, or 150,000 pounds. Okay, perfect. So from this, you should get enough good information to start filling in all the demographic information. And especially, this is even more the case if you have some experience in the area. I love.

it when you have existing experience that you can kind of tie this together with because you can use your own experience to kind of refine a little bit but even if you're like we have some alumni that come in they're brand new they don't have enough clients to even even have an idea of who their ideal client is if that's you that's okay you're going to use this research bit to kind of help you bridge that gap to help you understand who it is that we're looking for so what I want you to do is go ahead and with that understanding and if you want to ask additional questions um

It's even asking next, do you want to like, hold on, I want to, I want to, I want to give you the next prompt, but it's asking what we want to do next. You could continue the conversation if you want more, but I find that this will usually give you enough right here. Okay. So let's jump back over here to the slide. Once you have that, now we're going to go to psychographics. So this is step two, again, knowing that we like to purchase from brands and people that we connect with. We want to know, can your target audience, can they relate to your personality and interests? The.

things that you believe and value, what your business represents, your interests, your passions, your principles, opinions, your turnoffs and dislikes, all of these things fit under psychographics. Which means, if you are somebody who is basically like, I would consider myself very politically neutral and very neutral towards almost like any sort of belief system. So whether it's religious belief, whether it's, I don't really care. I will serve, as long as a person is a kind person, I do not care what their pronoun.

are, I don't care what religion they belong to, I don't care what politics they fall into, that's me. So what I want to do is create a brand that suits that, that I'm looking for just genuinely good people, that's my focus right. But if for example you're a person who can't stand when people are of a different political ideal than you or a different, it doesn't even matter, a different set of beliefs or values than you have, if that is something that is a pet peeve, then by all

means we should build that into this process so that we push away the people that do not want that we don't want to be working with essentially and bring in the people that we do want to be working with okay this is a very powerful aspect of this but this is psychographics so what we're gonna do is continue and now this is where we get to our prompt chaining okay so now what we're gonna do is we're gonna continue with a psychographic prompt so I'm gonna go ahead and grab this and we're gonna jump back and this is where again you could do this

just a regular chat if you don't have the project created, but I'm gonna go ahead and drop this in. I said, now let's move to the second step, focusing on the same target dream plan from step one, help me understand their psychographic profile, okay? Core values, this one we don't need to have, like we don't need to do anything. We're just gonna go ahead and press go. So what we're doing now with prompt chaining is we're basically just using the existing information and the existing conversation and we're diving deeper into it. I like separating things out. You can write an incredibly long prompt. I don't.

like doing that because I tend to find that I get much better results when I write a shorter prompt that's focused on one area, then I ask any follow-up questions, then I ask another provided another prompt and continue with it. I tend to get better results that way. So now it goes okay well the core values and beliefs. Check this out. Authenticity over tradition. They reject cookie cutter weddings and societal expectations in favor of meaningful personal experiences. That's interesting. Connection is everything.

They prioritize deep relationships, freedom, intentionality. So from this, we immediately start going, man, I could build so much of this just into my clarified message, couldn't I? I could say for clients, for couples who love adventure, authenticity and connection over tradition. I have a clarified message already for my elopement brand for couples who love adventure, authenticity and connection over tradition.

That's it and that's now all I would need to show in the images that I create and I would continue building around that but let's not get ahead of ourselves. I just want to give you ideas. It gives us personality traits, their free spirit, their creative emotionally aware. I can already see the example images popping to my head of what I need to show. They enjoy things like traveling and hiking, slow living, design, local culture and they probably appreciate if I gave them tips on like where to go while they're in town, right? They appreciate sustainability, minimalism, vintage aesthetics, emotion.

emotions and sentiments, man, all of this, it just, it helps me to understand exactly who I'm speaking to. It gives me their pet peeves, their dislikes and frustrations. Overly posed, stiff or generic images. Couldn't I create a piece of content that's like, you hate overly posed images. Let me show you something different. You're in England, you're doing this, you're on vacation, instead of this, try this, right? It tells me exactly how to speak to these individuals. It gets me fired up, I absolutely love this. Catherine.

And you see it, you see it, Catherine. But look, they hate pushy sales tactics or upselling, lack of location guidance, logic stress. It's everything that I need, right? So for you, I'm hoping that you're kind of getting excited about this too, because man, we're starting to get really, even if we don't have a great picture of who it is that we're serving, now we're getting a good picture. And if we already know, if we already have some experiences to who we're serving, we can literally use that and tie it to this and be like, dude, I.

I am laser focused in who I'm trying to target. Okay, now we go to step three, the wants and needs. What does your clients truly value or appreciate when it comes to your service? And by the way, let me go ahead and jump back to this so I don't forget. Your psychographic information goes here. So after you have an understanding of it, I want you to copy it and paste it right here, drop it in here. We do have a project for this going on in chat GPT. So this is a little bit redundant because most likely I'll just go back to that place. But it's still nice to have it documented somewhere where I can.

So I wouldn't skip this, but just understand that this is more for reference than it is, like we're not gonna have ongoing conversations here. But go ahead and document it, and then let's go to that next piece, the avatar wants and needs, which is this one. So this is the place where we can understand what they truly value, what do they appreciate, how are they gonna connect with us as their photographer? Is this someone who is easygoing? Is it someone that, you know, do they want simplicity and end-to-end service? Is it traditional poses and portraits? Is it authentic?

Part of that we already got from that previous example, right? We're going to tie into it deeper. So we're going to continue this, right? Okay. We're going to grab this and we're going to continue that prompt chain with prompt number three. I love how it already gave me some of that here, but we're going to continue. Okay. So now we dive into further of this Elopement Destination Photography client.

Personal connection is essential. Okay, so that about us page where we get deep, where we talk about some of the things that are meaningful to us, that is gonna be huge for them. And honestly, that's gonna be huge for most clients. But they wanna feel understood. They want someone that gets their vision. They want direction versus documentary. So they want kind of a hybrid approach, not fully posed, but not abandoned either. They don't want it fully hands-off, but they don't want heavy posing, right? So it gives like prompted candids or guided documentary. It gives you freaking words that.

would appeal to them. Candid is greater than posed. So emotional moments win every time, right? So that means that in my portfolio, I probably should not be throwing in like posed traditional portraits of them standing from the Louvre, but instead maybe a shot of them walking, talking, having fun, sipping on coffee, you know, whatever it might be that they're doing in action, right? Tangible art products. This audience is often split. Some are digital first, others value heirlooms. Here's the breakdown. So albums desired if they're authentic, aesthetic, minimalistic, and story-driven, not every.

will buy up front but they love seeing one in person. I would tend to agree with this where like most people on the wedding side they want digitals first the album is the big upsell that's the big thing that we can get to them. This is difficult wall art and frame prints with well styled homes this is like uh it's tough because if they're especially if they're elopement clients it might be tough to get them back into a zoom call or to get pictures of their home or to actually see or maybe they don't even have their their their their forever home yet so

This is like a bonus, but the album is definitely something that we can place with virtually every client so long as we're selling it properly. Digital ownership, absolutely expected. So we're looking at like inclusive models, we're looking at including those digitals, right? Tech and delivery expectations, emotional experimental needs, they wanna feel understood, supported, relaxed, not rushed, inspired by the setting. Like the photographer is part of the magic, not a distraction. So look at this, what to prioritize, how to deliver, gentle direction, candid emotions. So this is where we go back.

back to our brand and strategy workbook and we start to list out what are their needs when it comes to your service? What are their expectations? This is the guide over here on the right, by the way, do they want a personal connection? Do they want their photographer to be non-intrusive? All those things we build into this because they're going to continue guiding our efforts as we put together all of our entire online presence. Okay. All right. So go ahead and complete that wants and needs section when you're ready. Let's go to problems and challenges. This is in your brand strategy that we're

going down the row of these next pieces, okay? So these are areas where we're gonna come back to problems and challenges quite a bit because these are areas where your content lies. When we go and create content, whether it's, you know, we're gonna start with basically like our SEO content, then we're gonna put those in the social media content, we're gonna create emails, all that. When it comes to the ideal content for your clients, so much of it has to do with their problems and challenges. So you're gonna come back to this.

space over and over. I want you to spend a good amount of time here. But these are questions like how do I hire the right photographer? What about other vendors? How do I find the right venue? Where should we plan our shoot? How do I dress for our shoot? Do I need to lose 10 pounds first? Do I need to do this? Should I be fitted for a dress first? How do I plan my timeline? All of these relate to the problems and challenges that our clients might have, right? Or what we want to do is understand the problems and challenges. So let's grab the next prompt. Copy. And we continue our prompt chain.

And if it says, if you want it to stop by the way, say no, please don't give me additional questions. I'll give you prompts and then it'll actually stop handing you stuff like that if you wanted to. Again, this is our collaborative partner. I always say please, I always say please because one day AI will be running my life and.

Robots will be all around us, and the world as we know it will be over. And I figure if I'm kind to AI, they'll be nice to me. Maybe. Okay. So look, dream client challenges and pain points. Hiring the right photographer, key challenges. Oversaturations, the market's flooded, they struggle to know who's truly good, who aligns their values, vibe mismatch fears, lack of transparency, paralysis by analysis. Okay, what they want is someone who makes the choice feel easy, clear pricing, strong emotional connection, genuine guidance. Oh man.

and the wave is gonna be so key with these individuals. Booking logistics, vendor stress. So vendors need an impact on you. So like they struggle to coordinate their celebrant, their permit, travel accommodations. These are all areas where we could be like, here's my five favorite hotels, right? Here's the thing that I'd love to do. Here's some hints on your timeline. These could be downloadable guides that we can even give them. There's so much here. They crave a photographer who acts like a guide or planner. That's exactly what I said. Like here are my favorite places to go to. Who's been here before, we can help avoid mistakes.

Beautiful, internal mindset challenges. So camera anxiety, body image, fear of regret, feeling unworthy of the moment. So this is so common, we're so awkward in photos, we don't know how to pose. That could literally be the title of an article, couldn't it? We're awkward in photos, here are 10 things that you can do to feel more at ease in front of the camera. Oh my goodness, we already have everything we want. So this is gonna give you everything you need to kind of understand what those problems and challenges are. What I want.

to do is go back to the brand and strategy workbook, go ahead and document them here and know that we're gonna come back to these. So the more we have here, the more content ideas we have that we can later use as we get to the marketing side. Okay, all right. Someone said, I do the same thing and I thank IT for its help. Yes, might as well start getting on its good side now. All right, step five is now to create a short description of this dream client avatar. This is again for reference purposes. So watch, what we're gonna do is.

grab this final summary prompt and and what we're looking to do is rather than me having to do the description itself I'm just gonna again continue the conversation okay and now it's literally gonna give me this and I can take this exact phrase this exact thing I could even say okay please shorten this it's like a nervous tick to include please and everything now

Perfect, that's it, and now I drop it right into my brand strategy workbook, okay? Your brief avatar description. And that piece is done. This is again for us to quickly look at at any point in time because basically what I want you to have, and let me go back to that little thing right here. Your dream client is creative, emotionally driven woman in her early 30s planning an intimate elopement or destination wedding. She values authenticity, meaningful experiences. So look, when I have my clarified message, I check it against this. Does it resonate with this person?

When I'm putting together my portfolio, does it resonate with my clarified message? And again, this dream client, do those images speak to them? This is my kind of check and balance for really everything that I do. And the first step of that is the clarified message, right? Because that is the overall compass put into one simple phrase. But this is your next backbone. This is the backbone of the clarified message is this little statement of who it is that we're targeting. And if you like the longer version of it, you can by all means keep the longer version. But hopefully that gives.

you a good idea on this. Let me go ahead and check and see. Yes, I believe this is the final one. So you're going to pause here. And once you've completed this, go ahead and just add each one of these pieces to your brand and strategy workbook. It should take you to right here. Notice that when we get to the content roadmap, step eight, we're on this document again, because we're going back to these pain points, these problems and challenges, understanding our avatar. That's where we're getting a huge portion of our content from. So this is where we're going to be utilizing it. Are we addressing

one of their pain points? Are we providing something educational? Are we going to do something inspirational? Is it a news or current event that relates to them? We put the potential hook here and then we carry it over into essentially like our SEO, into our content strategy. That's the way that we're going to kind of work, okay? So this is huge. Understanding who your avatar is, is so incredibly important when it comes to literally every aspect of your business, especially when it comes to designing something that resonates overall in the

experience and when it comes to speaking to that client in terms of marketing. All right, we are done with this little section. Let's go on to the next lesson now.