Now let's jump into identifying your dream client avatar. So the first question along these lines that I often get is like, why do I need to identify my target audience? The simple truth of this goes back to the thing that we kind of spoke about in step one, which is, well, Seth Godin said it best when he said, when you speak to everyone, you speak to no one. Okay, going back to some of those examples, right? I wanna make those examples more concrete, but let's get a little refresher. So we gave this example previously.

Are the clients on the left the same as the clients on the right? We go, okay, of course they are not. In the case of this guy on the right, the fitness dude, he is not looking for anything that the wedding couple is looking for. This one is plain and simple, right? Wedding couple, they want something totally different than what this guy wants, we know that. But the one that was a little bit more difficult to understand was that, well, and I'm giving wedding analogies, but you could insert boudoir, you could insert anything else into this, right? When we look at such different stylistic, like.

versions of an image like we have one that's bright and airy and one that is dark, dramatic and adventurous. We have to recognize that the clients on the left are not the same as the clients on the right. So even though we're both in the same genre, we might both be wedding photographers. We might both be boudoir photographers. We might both be family photography. It doesn't matter. The styles are so distinctly different that they're going to draw in a different type of clientele on both sides. Okay. And I get that that sounds theoretical.

You're like, Pye, this sounds like theory. How do we make this real? How do I apply this specifically to my business? So I wanna keep it within that wedding example, and I'm gonna show you some other examples in just a moment, but let me give you context for this. So I have here, this is Tom. So MOT Photography, this is his website that he just finished, one of our alumni, and it's a fantastic website, beautiful design. I'm like, we gotta make this one of our examples, okay? So I'm looking at his, and this is a wedding.

photographer, right? And let's look at another version of alumni and a wedding photographer. This is Tim. Oh, they both start with T's. And they're three letter names. So Tim Eyrich, this is his page, right? And they're both wedding photographers, but we have to look at this and go, they are targeting two very different types of clients. Visually arresting, cinematic wedding photographer, couples who value passionate and artistic storytelling. Look at the colors on the page. We have full black with bold lettering. Here we have like kind of.

that classic white with images that just pop and sort of a timeless lettering over here. These have two very different appeals to them, don't they? And it kind of goes back to putting this example into actual practice, seeing that just because we're both wedding photographers does not necessarily mean that we're direct competitors. It doesn't mean at all that we're serving the same clients. So we have to start looking at our business in a way where we understand the person that we're speaking to.

And this isn't like, you know, to say that these would be fitting, right? But I would say that the image on the left would fit much better into Tom's type of website than this image on the right. And I would say that this image on the right would probably fit much better into Tim's type of design and website than the one on the left, that light and airy look. It wouldn't fit quite right. I'm not saying that those are perfect fits. I think their style is absolutely brilliant and beautiful, what they have. But I want you to see how this plays out, okay?

Because it's in this process, by knowing who your dream client avatar is, that's what makes it easy to create your logo and your branding. Because we create it to fit what it is that resonates with them, what it is that would appeal to them. It makes it that much easier to design out your website, to craft the perfect portfolio, to know what images in that portfolio are gonna speak to them. It makes it that much easier to write website content and copy, to advertise and to do marketing, whether it's organic, whether it's paid. It makes it.

it so much easier to know what good organic content would be because we actually know who we're speaking to and also it helps with pricing services and the kind of the list goes on. But without knowing these things, we could say this, it's far worse than just being blindfolded is attempting to build a business without knowing your audience. It's not just like being blindfolded. It's like trying to hit a moving target while being blindfolded and while sitting on the back of a donkey. It is the most difficult task we can imagine.

And so that's why we're spending time to define the avatar. That's why we're trying to understand who we're speaking to. And that's why in the last step, I had you do the market research. That step by itself helps us to understand, well, who are the direct competitors in this space? What are they doing well? How are they communicating with their audience? And who does that audience look like? What do their designs look like? Hopefully throughout that process, you've got ideas, and now we're gonna start translating it into a roadmap of what we're gonna do moving forward.

Okay, so to give you ideas of how this looks in different contexts, this was, and again, we'll pull these up quite a bit throughout this to kind of give different examples, but this was Stephanie's website that we did like a little bit of a, kind of an example on, right? We kind of took the existing design and I dropped some of her images into a new design. This is how that might translate into creating an upscaled boudoir experience. This is how it might translate into creating headshot and branding photography. This is Viviana Cardenas. This is her site that is brand.

portraits, and how kind of understanding her audience looks like with that. Because we're speaking to almost doing case studies in this example, right? This is Momentum, Moment Tom. So Tom's website, which is focused on timeless wedding films. So the reason why we can get to these places and get to these designs that speak to somebody is because we know who it is that we're speaking to. And so that's how, that's how it's going to play out as we go through this process. And that's how it's going to play out.

I'm not asking you to start designing anything just yet. I know you're looking at these and going, okay, but what do I do next? What I'm asking right now is that we simply step into our client's mind, complete the research process. You're gonna start getting ideas. Well, hopefully you already have started to get ideas from step one. But as we continue, those will become more and more refined. These are all alumni that have been through the program. They've been working on it for quite some time. Some of them like a little bit over a year. So they're pretty well defined in terms of where they're going. So.

Again, just a quick heads up, I'm not wanting you to start doing the work yet, but what I do want right now is that you've actually selected your niche. Because if we don't yet know what we're doing in terms of niching, then as we move forward, essentially everything that we do is potential kind of fodder for having to have rework. It's potential areas that we're gonna have to completely redo if we shift our niche or if we better define it, if we later understand who it is that we're serving. So I would.

say don't continue from this point moving forward until you understand what your niche is because we can't even get to identifying a dream client until we know what niche we're serving first. Okay. All right. So let's dive now into the dream client toolkit. This is actually where we're gonna start documenting the process and what I like to say in this process is you're putting together this what this dream client this avatar looks like is the ideal client. It often reflects you. The best hint for it is you.

Um, the ideal client is usually someone that reflects your own values, your own aspirations. They tend to be people that you can naturally resonate with, and they tend to be people that you might naturally be friends with, which is why, like, if you're working with the right people, oftentimes they actually become friends. So one of the, the first hints I like to give is just to think of who do you resonate with? What are your values? What are your aspirations? That's often a great starting place. But step number one is we like to purchase from brands and people that we can connect with. So.

Um, the question is, can your target audience relate to the people that are shown in your, in your portfolio, the clients that you feature on social media, the locations, the venues that you showcase, the content and copy of your website, most of this ties back to demographic information. Okay. I would say content and copy very much goes into the value side, the psychographic side, but let's start with the basics. So the basics is to be able to put together demographics and let's look at our brand and strategy workbook for just a moment. So go ahead and pull that up.

on your guys' side. We're working in number two, the client avatar. You'll notice this first section is just demographic information. So we can upload a sample picture right here. We give them a fictitious name. We put in age, gender, ethnicity, relationship status, some background information, religion, culture, if that's applicable, level education. All of this is basic demographic information. Why this is relevant is because if your demographic is, let's say,