Let's jump now into expanding our clarified message into a vision statement. So the clarified message is your external message. It's clear. It's concise. This is a client facing message that defines basically what you do, who you serve and why it's different, right? The vision statement is an internal statement, so I don't feel like it's nearly as important, but it's still a nice guide and a nice thing to have internally, especially if you're working with someone else or if you intend to hire people. It's also great if you're just working solo as well to kind of keep your aspirations, your idea of where this thing is going up somewhere that you can kind of continually review it.

So it's an aspirational statement or paragraph that defines your vision for the brand and what it is that you wanna achieve. So if this was our clarified message, bold and vibrant imagery for couples who live a life of bold and vibrant adventures, the vision statement might be something like, our vision at X Studio is to be the leading boutique wedding photography studio in Southern California. We strive to capture bold and vibrant imagery. You would say like what your goals are with your client, right? And what the goals are and the vision is for where the business is going. Why do we do this now? It's not something that's like, we ran a business without a vision statement for a long time. It's not like, you know, having one of these is gonna be a make or break thing. It just helps to kind of further beef up that compass by helping you to kind of.

define like this cultural North Star. So this idea of whether it's one person or 10 people in my business, my culture is moving towards this direction. It's our guiding North Star. It helps with decision making and alignment as well. So like you're gonna get a lot of opportunities to do different things in your business, particularly the more successful you are, the more things are gonna come about like in terms of opportunities that might pull you away from the thing that you actually want to be doing. And it's easy to say yes to those opportunities because you're like, it's good money, or I want the paycheck. But having the vision statement of what you're trying to create, it gives you a clear guide of like, well, should I take this or not? Should I maybe leave the money?

so I can focus on what my goals are. If you want to take the money, by all means, go for it. I'm not telling you not to, but having the vision statement there helps to kind of like guide your process when it comes to these decisions. It helps in the process of culture and hiring because we know the kind of person that we need to hire. If the person that we hire, if what we're looking for is people that can love our clients the way that we do, right, if that's part of our mission statement and someone is complaining about their, you know, past clients or like what it was like to work with someone that they didn't like, then automatically we're like, okay, there probably isn't a good fit here. We can see that there's a disconnect. They don't necessarily love the people that they serve. There's a problem there. And also consistency in the client journey, so it kind of helps to define.

like that. So it's one of those things that while we're here, why not create the vision statement? Why not have that as a guide while we're kind of doing this work? But I would say the clarified message is 10,000 times more important. So a lot of you are throwing the vision statements up into the group and like, give me critique on this. And I'm like, honestly, the vision statement is just for you. It's not something that we really need to critique or worry about too much, okay? But it's a one paragraph statement that includes your vision for your brand identity, your ideal clients that you'd love serving and the experience you want to deliver. So again, ideal is this. I gave you the standalone prompt as well, but why not just continue the conversation, okay? So I.

also gave you some sections here where it says, please include the deeper purpose behind what I do this work, which is and include your purpose statement, the kind of impact I wanna have, which is insert impact statement, the kind of brand experience, insert brand experience. So I basically told it like, if you don't provide those things, it's gonna try to give you something, but it's ideal if you give it something on your own, okay? So let's go back to the little ongoing prompt conversation. So now we've built that. So the reason why I do this work is as a father of four, I believe that life's imperfect moment.

Moments are the things that are worth remembering okay, the kind of impact on my clients that I want to have is Help them remember What matters most in life is not career money? But rather memories with those they love the kind of brand experience. I want to create which is One on one personalized We love our clients as if they're our own Okay, and then I press go yours can be whatever you want I'm kind of just throwing in my own ideas here So here's your vision

statement, grounding your personal values. Um, so look, it's even building in those ideas, which I think if you're going to make a vision statement, if you're going to put it somewhere on your website, I actually like those personal details as a father of four. I've learned that life's imperfect, unscripted moments are the ones that really matter the through deeply personal intentional photography. My mission is to create a space for couples to slow down, connect and capture what's real beyond beautiful image. I aim to remind clients that it's not success or status defines a meaningful life, but the love and memories that we share with those closest to us. Every couple we work with is treated like family and experience is tailored. So if I have an about us page, this isn't going at the top of that page, but it might go like when I get to a place where I've eventually talked about.

you know, who I am and like, what are my values? What are my hobbies? Things I like, all those things, they've gotten to know me and it, they kind of scroll down and I say like, why did I build my business? This is when I would put in a vision statement into that spot is, is somewhere like there. Okay. That kind of goes deeper into a clarified message. All right. Hopefully that makes sense to you all. Um, I think it's pretty clear and the AI is going to give you really good guidance in terms of your specific genre. So let's jump into that. I want you to complete the vision statement and then go ahead and drop it into your brand and strategy workbook. Let's go back to our, yeah, their original one. So it's going to go right under your clarified message. This is your vision statement right there. Okay.

Okay, simplify, make it yours. And when you're done with this, jump to the next lesson.