Okay, it's time to wrap up this module by leveling up your AI toolkit now. So looking back at what we've just done throughout this module is you've basically just coded your first basic AI app. Now when we say coded, the funny thing about this is a lot of people think that coding isn't coding because you're using language, right? No, you're still essentially coding. And I actually used to program way back. But when I learned programming, you were learning the language of programming because computers were limited to the extent of like how you speak to them. But as we go forward in the future, programming is not going to be limited to a specific coding language. It's literally going to be through.

like writing, it's going to be through inputs like speaking, through anything. So all we're doing though in this process is basically giving the computer, giving the AI a set of instructions to follow and we've done that. So you've essentially coded your first basic AI app and to turn it into an app to something that you can reuse essentially versus just a conversation, all we need to do is basically save it. So that's what we're gonna do now. So now we're gonna end the project. So I'm done with this project and we're gonna give it now a prompt to turn this into a set of instructions. So we're gonna do is go back to chat GPT and this is where I would say okay I'm done with our conversation here and what I might do is I might say

Okay, let's go with North and Nest for my business name. So let's just wrap up that last conversation. Cool. Beautiful choice. I hate, I don't know what it is, but AI is so people-pleasing. Like it's always trying to, I have to tell it literally not to stop people-pleasing. Okay, so now we drop in this wrap-up instructions things. I hope I had a spelling error. All right. And what it's gonna do now is it's gonna give me a tailored set of instructions for itself. So here's your personal instructions on how I, ChatsGPT, will respond as your brand strategist.

So, Northern Nest Strategic Brand Instructions is an elopement destination photography studio based in London, England. Brands built on values, target client profile, strategic role, here's the tactical areas of focus. Everything here is ready, right? Okay, so I'm gonna say, is this enough for a complete set of instructions as a project instruction guide or a set of instructions for a custom GPT? Would you want to beef this up for that use?

Okay, so it's giving me a mid-level internal project guide or contextual reference, okay. So, but to use a custom GPT or official product brief, it would benefit from slightly more. Okay, would you like to beef it up? Yes. Let's turn this into a complete set of instructions I can use as a custom GPT or as a instruction document for this project. Okay, so generally when it comes to like writing custom GPTs, I do a lot of the legwork.

I have the AI do a lot of the legwork and then I do a lot of customization and then I go back and forth. So I'll say, okay, I got these results. Here's the thing that I would like to adjust and I'll sit there and input and just bounce things off of the AI over and over until I start getting the results that I want from it. So, but what I'm gonna do now is just basically take this whole thing. Okay, so now it gives me a much more comprehensive guide. And say, yes, I do want this as a downloadable PDF.

Okay, it's going to take us time to do that, but what I can also do is I can just grab this and copy the entire thing right here. When I go back to my client avatar, I can add instructions right here and I'm just going to paste that right in and click save. Okay, now you literally just, we not only did an entire prompt chain, but we took the set of instructions afterwards, saved it back into the instructions for this project, and now my client avatar, I could rename this and say, North.

Well, let's not worry about the name, my brand strategist, save it. And I could say, I could ask any questions on brand that I want any questions like, like give me 10 topics for SEO driven articles that would appeal to my target audience, I no longer have to sit here and, and, and give it any, I don't have to give it anything else. I don't have to give it context. I don't have to give it anything. I don't have to tell it what I do. I literally can now just.

it instructions. Give me 10 topics. How to elope intentionally. A guide for couples who want meaning over performance. 10 quiet soulful elopements. And I go, oh, how to elope intentionally. Number one sounds great. Let's build that into a full article in my voice. Absolutely. Here's a full draft of article number one. There's a quiet kind of rebellion in choosing to elope. Not the dramatic kind, not the run off to Vegas secret kind, but the kind where you say, we want this day to actually feel like us. Holy shit. Okay. If you found yourself leaning away now, obviously I would make this my words, but.

Look at this, like as a guide on how to elope, right? This is so beautiful. Like, what if this was, okay, can you, I'm getting so, I wanna build this business right now. I wanna build this business. All right, look at this. Now, perfect. Let's turn this into a lead magnet with five key points. This is how we can completely amplify our business and the way that we approach it, right? So it literally spells out the entire lead magnet right here.

here. And then what I could do is go to Canva. OK. And I could look for projects or templates and I could say I want a lead magnet. OK. And let's say it's for wedding. OK. I'm going to pick one that might look good and might be on brand for my style. So maybe it's going to be this one. That looks like it might fit. And now I literally would just drop in. So I would change the title of this and I would just start copying and pasting and dropping in from the AI, from ChatGPT. Like, here's my headline for couples who create...

create a wedding day that feels like them. The five-step guide for couples who want meaning over performance, how to elope intentionally is the name. This would be a beautiful lead magnet for when someone lands on my website. I'm like, here's a guide on how to elope meaningfully, like with intention, right? If I have a topic, by the way, that is more aligned with what they need, I'll do that, of course. But I want you to see that now what we've done is we've created a brand strategist for our business that is totally aligned with our business, that understands what we want, what we need, and we've saved it to a project. So at any point in time, I can come back to this project and I can simply have a new conversation and it's already trained, it already has. Everything that I do.

do inside of this already is attached, including my previous conversations and the instructions that I've given to this. By the way, if you're asking like, what's the difference between this versus a GPT, right? I can create a custom GPT by going a little bit further. So it's not that much different. It's just a custom GPT. I'm going to give it a name, tell it what I do. I'm gonna train it. And then I'm gonna upload like a knowledge base to it. So let's see, that's not customized. Where's my GPTs? Okay, there we go, create. So this is my create GPT. I'm like, what is this menu? So we name it, we give it a description, we give it a set of instructions, and then we upload knowledge bases.

it so you could literally use the same knowledge base that we created right as the the background for this and give it a set of instructions so a custom gpt is simply multiple knowledge bases with a clear set of instructions that's been tested multiple times to get to a certain result but it's the exact same process we just would step into this and go a little bit deeper we refine it a little bit more and just make it a little bit uh it's more tested is kind of a better way to think about it okay so that's the the custom gpts that i've built in for you that's exactly what those are so that's all all you're going to do now is go ahead and add the instructions to this project it'll aid in all those future conversations and

You know now how to create not only a project, but you could take this and expand it into a custom GPT. Honestly, I think for working inside of your own business, a project is more than enough. But if you wanna start sharing things with other people, or if you wanna refine further, then you do a custom GPT because you can upload multiple knowledge bases to those. So this is how I want you to use AI as you move forward. I don't want it to be just this, like kind of throwing in questions like a search engine or these one-off conversations. I want it to be a prompt chain that you're continuing. And when you get to a good place, I want you to actually save the results into its own project file. So you can continue that.

conversation. You can continue that thing in your business by literally just asking it a question. Okay that's it for this lesson and let's go ahead and wrap it up.