Okay, let's start getting a bit into the weeds with top-down marketing design. And the first idea is what is top-down marketing design? So as I mentioned, this entire module is about building a kind of content marketing roadmap. Okay, we're not gonna get deep into like the nuts and bolts here. We're gonna save that for the next module. What we're doing is staying high level and we're building a roadmap of what these marketing efforts are gonna look like. The reason we're doing this.

doing this is because of this pain point. This isn't an unrealistic pain point. I just don't have enough time. That is a very realistic thing, right? We don't have enough time to spend 40 hours a week trying to push our brands. So we do need to budget some time each week for marketing, but we need to make sure that system is efficient. And that's the entire premise of top-down marketing design. So this is how we basically took LinenJersa from zero to a multi-seven figure a year.

business by doing this over the course of like two, three years. Okay. And you're going to get results quicker. I'm saying we didn't hit the $2 million mark until like our fourth, fifth year in business, but our second year in business within, within the first year, we actually had replaced our income second year in business. We were making more than we were making at our, at our jobs. This is exactly the structure of how we did it. Okay. The concept is, is one of leverage. Okay. And that's why I named the framework leverage. The idea behind this is we're going.

to create one, one valuable piece of content, and then we're going to leverage that piece of content and repurpose it to maximize the effectiveness of it, okay? So leverage in a nutshell, and I'm going to give you the steps of this in just a second, but this framework in a nutshell is we take one valuable piece of evergreen SEO ready content. So what this would be is like, let's say you have an article that would go onto your resource page on your website, or it could go into your blog as well.

But maybe it's, you know, how do I find the perfect wedding photographer? Maybe it's, you know, how to plan a family portrait shoot. Maybe it's what do I wear to my boudoir session? It's something that helps your client in their journey. It's something that answers a question that all of them are asking or wondering, right? We start with this piece and we create it for the website first because then we can allow it to start getting effectiveness or gaining effectiveness in both SEO and AEO. SEO is.

Search Engine Optimization, AEO is AI Engine Optimization. Okay? So we allow it to start being kind of popular, like crawled and used in all these different high-level functions. Then what we do is we take that same piece of content and we start breaking it down. Maybe we wanna do a long-form video for YouTube. Maybe we wanna break it, like to me, a non-negotiable is like, let's break it into short-form videos for social media. Maybe we're gonna put it into our newsletter. Maybe we're gonna create a lead magnet from it. Then we...

we go even further? We can repeatedly use these assets across social media. This is how we effectively distribute, right? We can send it out through emails. We can also use it for collaborating with partners as well. So leverage in a nutshell, starting with one piece and then basically breaking it into multiple pieces. And the reason why this is so powerful is because most people think at this level, most of us start backwards with our content marketing approach, right? We just go, what should I be posting to social media?

What should I, you know, how should I reach out to these vendors? How should I, you know, collaborate with somebody? Most of us think from this approach and nothing is guided, which means that we're not creating any long-term assets. There's no vision of how we're going to use these components. And what we're doing is just grinding our way to views and hopefully leads. And even if you manage to get leads, oh my goodness, this approach is working 10 times harder for the same amount of result. Okay, so think, you know.

working 40 hours a week as instead of four hours a week and yet you generate the same number of leads. All right. So again, the reminder, this is exactly how we built out LineageRSA. It's exactly what we do for each of our brands, each of the companies that we work with. Yes, it works. It's how you get long-term marketing assets into your business. And yes, it works for our alumni as well. I wanna get more than just Tom in here, but Tom last year was implementing all this stuff and he jumped from 57th to top 10.

within his niche in a very short period of time. And this continues to have results. Now think of this as a snowball effect, right? If I can get you to rank for even images in Google, if I can get you to pop up for an AI search, if I can get more views and more eyeballs to your business, it doesn't just, it's not just about those views and those immediate leads that come through. Once you get those leads and those bookings, you get to go on those shoots and you're creating more content from the shoots itself. So you're now generating.

getting more marketing from that. And then you're also collaborating with people. You're meeting people on a shoot, maybe other venues, maybe vendors, maybe they're just potential partners, maybe you're just expanding your network. So as I get you out and you're getting paid to go and do these shoots, you're also building more marketing assets to utilize. So it's not just about the one side of getting more views or just jumping up in your Google ranking or any of those things. This is about how it impacts, how one thing from the top can have a snowball effect moving down. And remember.

or the whole concept of the program is 1% better every day. This is how we get there. Okay. 1% better every day over the course of, you know, a year, two, three, four years. It'll, it'll make a massive difference. You'll be in a completely different place in just a matter of months. So the leverage framework is basically a balanced approach to marketing. What we're doing is we're using social media kind of as our short-term marketing lever. This is how we get immediate views, how we get people onto our business right away. And then we're

we're kind of building in, we're starting with like this long-term approach, right? This is the SEO, the AEO content ready piece that's gonna have effect over time. We have lead magnets that can help us to generate leads over time. This is kind of the longer strategy that's built into this while we have the short-term strategy kind of at whatever social media might be popular at the time. Right now, most of it's gonna be on Instagram, but that could shift, that could change. So leverage is kind of a balanced approach for this. We're working on.

short-term views while also balancing long-term marketing. Okay? One more time, if we have no niche or if you have multiple niches, if we haven't figured out steps one through five at this point, you're gonna start seeing how it's impossible to do this because marketing without a niche is virtually impossible. You don't know who you're talking to. You have to create, or even if you're marketing with multiple niches, right? Oh, you mean I gotta create this for my wedding client? I also gotta create this for my senior portrait client? Oh, I also gotta create this for my headshot client? We don't have enough.

of time and we become spread too thin very quickly. And if we are constantly publishing topics that vary all over the place, it doesn't look like we know what we're doing or who we're speaking to. So this is, again, the place where we have to really dial in, okay? Now, I know you want examples of the leverage framework. I'm literally gonna give you the entire framework in just a moment. And as far as a lead magnet goes, lead magnets are like, let's say you are an elopement brand, right? And maybe my

focuses elopements in Paris. Well, one of the most common things that my clients would want is the elopement guide to Paris, like how to plan the perfect elopement. So not only would that be an article on my website, but once I'm done with the article on my website, then I would actually put it into a lead magnet. So when someone lands on my website, they would get a little pop-up that goes, hey, would you like my elopement planning guide? And then they can put in their info, and then I get their phone number, I get their email, and then I send them the PDF guide.

on how to plan so it's a valuable asset that helps them in their client journey okay now let me show you the actual leverage framework so what we're going to do is lead with strategic content so the l is lead with strategic content that means we start with an seo or aeo ready high impact resource that's valuable to your audience and your potential clients this is going to land on our website then the e we expand it into long form content this one's going to be

This is long form would be like YouTube or you could even do longer, you know, Instagram videos and whatnot but what's nice about these is they're great for embedding onto your website and again, don't stress the entire Point of having modules 6 through 11 is to give you actual tactical steps on how to do every single one of these things Right now we're keeping this high level focusing on what we're gonna be doing throughout the next series of steps So that you understand the premise, okay, so I'll show you how to expand it in the long form and I'll see you in the next one.

This one for me is kind of a non-negotiable. I'm gonna viralize it. The V is viralize it with short form content. So we take that big article and we start breaking it up. We can usually get four to five different pieces of short form content for social media out of one single article. So if this was the elopement guide to Paris weddings, then one piece of this might be, here are my five favorite locations for this in Paris, right? And it might be a simple piece from this lead magnet, from the article.

that would go into my short form, okay? I'm gonna give you more examples also as we go. So don't stress if I'm like, like, Pi, my niche isn't that. Don't worry, we're gonna apply this to every one of your niches. I'm gonna give you the tools to do that too. Then we can take the same content and we can build it into an email or nurture sequence. So when somebody actually signs up for our newsletter, our PDF, we can actually take the same material that we've been putting onto our website and just copy paste into a nurture sequence or into an email sequence to welcome them.

and say, hey, welcome aboard, I have this guide. And now you have an actual client experience where they registered and they're like, oh, as soon as I registered, Karen sent me this beautiful guide that showed me exactly what the next steps would look like and what could help me in this process. And we start building relationships with people that we haven't even talked to yet. Next piece is to repurpose and reshare. The beautiful thing is all the content we're creating, we're gonna house into a content library where you can easily access it, where you can share it, where you can continue to reshare over time.

you've published something to social media, it gets about a 60, maybe more like a 30-day window. So usually around the 60 to 90-day mark, that's a great time to republish something that did well. Ideally, when you republish it, you make a slight tweak to it. Maybe you adjust the hook a little bit. Maybe you use a different piece of music. But you can republish because people that are coming to your social media, they're constantly changing. And it's not like your entire audience is seeing everything you publish anyway. So publishing something 60 or 90 days after it was first published is totally doable. It's what it's made for.

where short form content is meant to be reused. So we're building a library of assets in this. Then we're gonna amplify via partnerships. So whenever you've featured a vendor, a venue, a location, anything, you can literally reach out to them. Say, hey, I just featured you in this last social media post or on my website. I even gave you a link back. I'd love to sit down for coffee. Holy shit. Now you've done something beneficial for them upon reach out. And of course they wanna have coffee with you because you're already helping them in their business. You've already linked to them.

Plus, if you start cracking on social media, they're gonna be like, can you show me how you did this? And believe me, they'll be sending you business just to help them in theirs, okay? This is also where we wanna grow the community. So what we wanna do is make sure that each call to action that we're using is bringing people into our own email newsletter, okay? Think of all the audiences, Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, these are rented audience. Just because people subscribe to you does not mean that they are your audience. It's YouTube's platform.

Instagram's platform, always think of it as I'm renting space from these platforms. So we want to do is with the content that we're publishing, give people a reason. Again, that's where a lead magnet comes into play. Give people a reason with each video. You doesn't have to be every single one, but to come to you and to pick up, Hey, if you like this, download my free lead magnet. You can find the link in my bio, give them a reason to come to you and to actually give them, give you their information so you can pull them into your community and.

not simply rely on the platforms. What we wanna do is use the platforms, understand it's rented space, looking to grow our own space, okay? And then from here, you just experiment and expand the buckets. We're gonna talk about buckets. Buckets, there's my concept of like different types of content we're creating, okay? A talking head piece where I give tips just like this. I might have a behind the scenes piece. So I have a behind the scenes bucket. I have a talking head bucket. So I'm gonna expand and try different things. Maybe I try, you know, viral hooks.

a bucket. Things that work, I keep doing. I lean into. Things that don't, I drop. I move away from, right? But we keep experimenting and expanding. Again, I'm going to give you the entire thing here. So please don't be overwhelmed with this right now. We're going to start with the top lead with strategic content. So we're simply going to start by understanding SEO, and I'm going to give you the approach to that. And then we're going to expand it into each of these other things as you work through each step in the program. Okay? Well,

What I'm gonna mention is there's three E's. I didn't make this up. This is just good marketing. This has been used in marketing for actually quite some time. Some people argue it's the four E's. I think it's bullshit. You got enough E's, you don't need more E's. We get the idea. The three E's of good content is simply this. Each piece of content, you can design content that does one of these things, like educates. It empowers them with knowledge or information. You could design a piece of content that engages. It gives them relevant content, news, information, something that makes them wanna like, share, discuss something, or you can make.

to entertaining, right? Content can be that, it can be fast-paced, visually dynamic, it can be funny, dramatic, all those things. The best content is a little bit of a sweet spot. It kind of hits all three of these. So if we are some sort of a headshot photographer, we might create something that's entertaining, and entertaining always needs to fall into your personality. If your brand isn't really, if you yourself aren't humorous, then that shouldn't be the way that you entertain, right? If you yourself are quirky, then lean.

into that side of entertaining, right? Entertaining can mean a lot of things. I find things that are educational and interesting also entertaining, okay? So just understand we don't need to become comedians here. We don't need to be musicians, but we need to create something that is somewhat entertaining. But let's say you're doing headshots, right? We wanna make something that can educate, something that can engage them. And so what I might do is to make it entertaining, I might say, hey, hey, look, instead of a crappy shot like this, try this instead. And this is literally.

how I built my, I started a TikTok experiment back in 2022 or something like that, 2021. And I got it to 1.4 million followers in six months by literally that hook. Hey, instead of doing this, try this. And I would kind of make it quirky and fun. Like I like to, hey dummy, instead of doing this, like I do, try this instead, you know, so it's a little bit self-deprecating. It's a little bit, you know, but that works so incredibly well. It's entertaining. You're going to educate them. It's engaging. Hey, what'd you think about this?

and give it a shot, let me know what you think, right? I'm gonna give you ideas on exactly how to do this as we move forward. I just want you to have in mind whether we're writing a piece of content for your website, whether it is a video, whether it's short form, whether it's long form, whether it's a newsletter, whether it's, it doesn't matter what it is, whether it's a lead magnet. There's these three E's of good content. By the way, one of the easiest ways to entertain that I know every one of you are likely gonna overlook is just putting.

your own personality into it. It's the same thing that I've been having you do on your website. You're about you page. Build your personality into this process and immediately you gain an entertainment factor there that most people don't have because most people aren't generating human kind of content. And believe me, going to this AI world, being human in your content is gonna be a very real form of entertainment, all right? So these are the three E's. This is the leverage framework. Now.

Let's start unpacking and working step-by-step through each component.