Let's make your roadmap now kind of simple. Remember what we're creating here is the content roadmap. We're gonna be making it simple using SEO and I'm gonna make the whole idea of SEO simple as well. But let's dive into this, creating the content roadmap. So the first thing that I do wanna define is what is SEO, right? So SEO is optimizing your website content to match essentially what your audience is searching, okay? So whatever your audience is searching, there's something there for them relating to that search topic on your website. Simple enough. The goal inside this module is not to get into the weeds of SEO. We're gonna do that in the next module, in the next series.

there's kind of steps to that right. The goal here is to figure out well what is our content marketing strategy, what are the keywords, the categories, the topics that our audience is going to be looking for. In search terms we call those keywords but in reality it's just a topic or a category or a question that somebody's putting in right. That's search engine optimization. Now we have AI or AEO this is literally a new term that I heard of today like it hit my inbox and I was like oh that's what they're going to be calling AI engine optimization AEO versus SEO and I was like okay we'll build this. So what you're getting here I feel like it's my job as a

as a coach to stay up-to-date on everything so I can get things to each of you in the quickest way possible so that you guys are never struggling or never caught behind. So AEO is gonna dramatically change the idea of search engine optimization for a number of reasons, okay? And I'm gonna talk about that. But the idea here is that a lot of us now are going on to ChatGPT or even onto just Google and we're typing in a question. And if you're on Google, then Gemini is serving you an AI result. If you're on ChatGPT, then ChatGPT is actually going out, scanning and using SEO and delivering a result with some feedback and ideas included with it, right?

So this is how AI is shifting the way that we search. It's getting highly intelligent, and it's why I want you to focus throughout all of our marketing efforts. Whenever we talk about SEO, I really want you to focus on the fundamentals of it, the basics of it. I mentioned this actually in a recent, when we recently were in a group session, and I was like, I don't want you to get into the weeds in SEO, and the reason is is because 10 years ago, the weeds of SEO was like, figuring out nuances of every single thing, how an image should be named, and what the URL should be, and those are actually kind of.

kind of like some good details, but the weeds got a lot deeper. Like the placement of this and what should be an H1 versus an H2, and I don't expect all this stuff to make sense right now. What I expect you to understand right now is you can go really deep down the rabbit hole of SEO. And in my opinion, it's already not effective and it's only gonna become less effective with time because AI doesn't need you to perfectly optimize every single thing. It can literally read and see what's in an image. It can see what you're doing on your website. It can understand in a way that search never could 10 years ago.

So what I want you to do is we're going to allow search and optimization to kind of guide our marketing design, but I want you to focus on the basics of SEO and think of the 80 20 rule, you're going to get 80% of the benefit of SEO by just following these basics and not going down this rabbit hole because yeah, you have plenty of other things that are more important as far as where your time should go. I want to give you some context for where we're going in this kind of new world, chatbot referrals. So basically whenever AI gets like a question, right, the referrals are currently 96% lower than general search and it has just a.

0.37% click-through rate. This is expected to get worse, by the way. So it's gonna just keep trending down, which means we have to be designing content with the idea that this is gonna be served up in AI and it's gonna be served up in search because the referrals that we're getting from AI are dramatically lower. Now, does that mean none of this is worth doing? Absolutely not. The reason here is when someone goes to AI, when we're searching for something along those lines, we want the AI to give us answers, we want it to give us feedback, but think of the context of photography. Photography is experiential. It's something where if we want inspiration.

for wedding photos at a particular venue. If we want inspiration for headshots, if we want ideas of who to work with, we don't just want answers, we want images along with those answers. And we don't want it to be fabricated images, we want them to be real images. What that means is that OpenAI among other platforms, OpenAI is gonna be releasing a browser very soon. And what I'm guessing is they're gonna be using AI search to augment general search. So when you search something, it's still gonna be serving up your work, your website. They have to, they have to show what it is that you're doing. And if they're gonna show what it is that you're doing, they have to link to you.

have to reference you. So that type of article, that type of SEO is always going to be effective because people want to see examples. They want to know who you are. They want to know what kind of experience you deliver and simply typing something in search or in AI search is not going to give them that. So don't dismiss all this. We simply need to build this into part of our process. And again, what I would say is this 10 years ago, SEO, even five years ago, SEO by itself was a valid marketing strategy, meaning like somebody could build a successful business by just positioning themselves by just focusing on SEO, granted, they'd have a one.

legged table, and the problem to that is now. Now that one legged table crumbles because 97% that idea, the referrals are 97% lower and people are going to AI instead of regular search engines to find businesses and other things that they're looking for, right? So overly relying on this is gonna completely destroy a business now. That being said, today it is still a part of our strategy. So it's a piece of this puzzle. And I would say it's also the guiding piece of this puzzle because what we wanted to do is it's gonna guide the topics and the strategy that we talk about. It helps us.

to know what our clients want to understand, what they're trying to learn, right? So what this means is we're not gonna get lost in the weeds of SEO. What we're gonna do is focus on the basics and be flexible to adopt new strategies, and I'll keep you always on the cutting edge of those strategies. Our goal with SEO, remember the idea of it, it's optimizing your website and your content to match what your audience is looking for. This is the value of it. It's how does it guide the marketing? It tells us what topics actually matter. What people are typing into AI search or into SEO tells us what topics matter to our clients.

So those are the things that we should be talking about through our website, throughout our social media, throughout our lead magnets, everything, okay? All right, so with this, let's go just a bit deeper into SEO and understanding the basics of it. We're not gonna go into any of the weeds. Again, we're gonna keep it high level. We're gonna come up with our strategy. But there are a couple simple terms that I want you to understand. So two simple keys to really understanding SEO optimization. It comes down to two components, okay? One is keyword strategy. All this means is what is the keyword that someone's typing in, right? What is the question that they're typing in the search?

Hey, this article satisfies this question. It helps it to line these things up, right? So examples of keywords, and this was always a confusing concept to me. I was like, why did they call it a keyword when it's a phrase? A keyword is one word. Keyword is a word. But San Francisco wedding photographer is not a keyword. That's a phrase. But yeah, when people say keyword, they generally mean keyword phrases. It can be one word, but it's also a phrase, okay? So this would be a keyword, San Francisco wedding photographer. Someone that types it in a search is looking for a wedding photographer in San Francisco, right? New York portrait photography. So again, looking for a type of business in a.

location. They might also be looking for inspiration. They might type something like what are the best wedding venues in Los Angeles or the best engagement locations in Utah. Now I know these are only wedding related. I'm going to give you more examples. So keyword strategy is just kind of building a group of phrases that you want to target in your business. It's really simple. Okay what are the here's my audience, my niche, my keyword strategy is just the things that these people are searching. We break that into an idea of a primary keyword or a secondary or niche keyword. I like the term niche keyword better because again secondary keywords makes it

Makes me think that like you can only have one of those and that's not the case. A primary keyword is something broad. Okay. It's say, for example, San Francisco, wedding photographer, New York portrait photography, you know, Utah family photography. Those are broad keywords, keywords that maybe a lot of people would be searching, but there's also a lot of businesses that are trying to compete for those. So we generally want one of these. If you want to, I'll let you take two. But one is usually enough. Usually if we're going to pick a second one, it's a variation of the first. Okay. And we'll get into the exact details of that in a bit as we go through.

design process. Niche keywords, however, are unlimited. These are specific phrases that someone's typing in based on their client journey. So some examples of primary versus secondary, right? A primary keyword, Los Angeles pet photography. This is broad. They're looking for a general business in an area. New York family photography, Salt Lake City wedding photography. These are all broad terms. There's gonna be good search volume. So a good number of people are searching for this, but there's also a good number of people competing for these search terms. Broad keywords are generally what we try to design the homepage of your website to cover, okay?

It's a broad keyword that encompasses kind of your overall strategy or positioning. But it's not that important. I'm gonna talk about why in just a moment. Niche keywords, these are the keywords that are more narrow and they go into, say, your articles, your resources. If you wanna put it under your blog, that's fine too, but I prefer it under kind of a permanent page. Or not a permanent page, we'll talk about it in a second. But these are unlimited. So it's how do I choose a wedding photographer? I was gonna say the perfect wedding photographer, but what are personal branding portraits? Tips on posing newborn babies for photos.

search volume for each of these is going to be lower, but it's a lot more narrow and focused. So not only is there less competition for these terms, the people looking for these answers are going to be very specifically targeted to what we do. So if we provide them value, if we give them answers in this journey, we're very likely to convert them. Now here is the big piece of this. Most people, they're going to find you from niche or these secondary keywords, meaning like because these are less competitive, that's where most people are actually going to enter your website from, is from these articles.

resources. The primary keyword is just a long-term goal. In fact, it's a long-term goal that we're not even going to spend much time on getting. You're going to get it over time naturally by doing the things that you're going to do to build your business. So we're not even going to worry too much about that. What we're going to do instead is focus on all these ways, these niche keywords that we can use to quickly have an effect on our business. So understand that most people will enter your website not even through the landing page but through possibly Google image search or possibly like a regular search or possibly an AI search, all of which takes them to a blog entry or it takes them to a resource page on your website.

That's where the majority of our views still come from, is from all of our niche topics. Okay, so the other component, remember how I said what is, let's see, the strategy, the two simple keys here is the keyword strategy. That's keyword strategy, okay? We have a primary keyword, we have niche keywords. That just defines the category of what it is that we're talking about. The other component here is website authority. This is relevance. That means if someone writes an article on how to plan for your newborn photo session, and you also write an article on how to plan for your newborn photo session, then website authority becomes.

the difference maker between who shows up first in this order. You think of it as like the website authority is what is the likelihood of these people being right? If they have more authority, the likelihood of them being right is higher. The way that this is done, it depends on a number of things, right? But the way that website authority works is it determines the rank or order that these websites are presented from search based on the topic that's entered and what it depends on are all of these items, the website and the content quality. So it's actually looking like if you've got a shitty website, that's factored into this. Again.

why we tackled that in steps one through five. If you've got misspellings on your website, that's factored into this. If the quality of your content on your website is not great, if you're writing for search engines instead of for people, all of these factors will slam your website authority. But other things that matter too is the number of inbound links. Think of these like referrals from other people. So if another wedding vendor or if another pet photography business links over to you and says, hey, check out this work, that boosts your authority. Think of it like a digital referral, okay? The way that a search.

and thinks is well the more people that are digitally referring this website the better that website must be just like an in-person referral if I refer another business they must be good right number of outbound links these are links that go to other websites these are links that go in well we'll talk about internal linking structure as well but outbound links kind of send a little bit of your link juice outward which is great that's how we're gonna kind of give a little bit of link juice to other businesses and bring them in and say hey I even linked to you I gave you a link right here on my website it's valuable having those links okay the internal

linking structure, can people find pages in your website from another one? Is there a footer that guides us? Is there a good menu system? Are there links throughout that take us from one page to the next, right? Yes, along with the, think about this too, along with inbound and outbound links, the value, and again, this gets more into the weeds that we'll talk about in the next module, but there's a value associated to links as well. If your website authority is higher, the value of your links that you're sending are better. Vice versa, if you're receiving a link from a valuable website, from a website that has a high authority, that's valuable.

that's good, it's even better if they have a high authority and it's relating to the topic that you're in, right? The thing that you do. So there's a way that we kind of dictate quality of links, but the thing is, I'm really not even gonna tell you, we're not gonna spend a huge portion of our time focusing on link building because these are things that will happen naturally over time. I will give you ideas and strategies if that's something you want to do, but again, I think over time, these methods are going to become outdated as we push forward in this kind of next generation. So I don't want you to spend too much time on certain things. So domain age, site speed, all of these things are gonna have an impact on your website authority. We'll get deeper.

into this as we go to the next steps. What I just simply want you to understand is this is what determines the order. When somebody searches a particular topic, the website authority is what determines the order that these things are presented, okay? So let's think of, we're gonna build authority with time. So most of our effort in search and optimization is getting things set up the right way, getting our category set up the right way. Most of this authority component, we're gonna build with time as we create awesome content. That's gonna do the hefty lifting. And maybe if you wanna get listed in a couple of directories here and there, that can be beneficial too, if we're mindful where we're doing it. And we'll talk about that as we go.

Last note here is, I know a lot of us have spent a lot of time learning search engine optimization. Okay. What I need everybody to understand is 10 years ago, those little minor differences, those little optimization strategies, those were very critical. 10 years ago, it was really important that, you know, the first words on your website were designed for a search engine. I need you to think from an AI standpoint now, do you really think it matters? Can an AI not, if it's, if the second thing that you say is an SEO statement, can AI not figure that out? What we should be doing now as we push forward is developing our material, our content, our website.

Everything should be focused on the client experience. What makes this easier to read? What keeps people on my page longer? What information can I give them to improve that experience? Because the authority component of this, if somebody stays on your website longer, like how quickly they bounce to another website, that's gonna impact your authority. And I would think going into an AI world, that's gonna impact your authority far more than a lot of these other components in the past. Going forward, things are gonna be about engagement. They're gonna be about, you know, did this, we can actually.

can detect now if this website answers that question. Okay, so let's focus as we move forward on just following the principles of good SEO optimization and AEO optimization, and let's focus our efforts on the audience's experience, on readability, on making sure they're getting what they need. These things will take care of themselves if we just follow the basics. All right, let's jump to the next lesson.