Trip is worth spending the money on. I want to do something else. Same thing with like, I need to think about it. I need to think about it. The belief is likely to be something like, well, I'm.

I'm worried here that I'm gonna make the wrong decision and I'm gonna regret it. Maybe because I've done that before. So I need to think on it.

If your competitors are cheaper, we talked about that one. The belief is, well, all of these options are the same, so I should be able to pay less and get the exact same service.

So when they say your competitors are cheaper and we get immediately defensive or we go well Who are you looking at or we go? Well, yeah, I know my prices are higher, but it's worth it

Instead, we speak to the belief. It sounds like you feel like if you hired someone that's cheaper, you would get the exact same experience.

that you would get if you hired me. That is how we're going to handle objections. So regardless...

list of what they say. I want you to recognize to I put an icon here. Love yourself because it's very easy to

love others, but it's very difficult to love ourselves, especially when we're interpreting things that are happening in our business. You have to love yourself enough to know that these.

Rejections these beliefs they are not personal attacks on you Their rational thought the rational fears that we all have about major purchase decisions

Will give you a note here. Sometimes people are just dicks. Okay every now and then you're gonna encounter one Maybe one in 21 and 30 people is just a dick and they're gonna say crazy things

things, which again, it will be a personal attack because they're just, they're a hurt person and that's the way that they're going to respond, but recognize that they're.

basically taking out their belief set on you. And what it usually is, when someone's just a dick, like how the F can you charge that much? Like how do you sleep at night?

It's still a belief.

I don't make this much money and I'm going to take it out on you because you do. That's what that is. So every now and then you might encounter one of those

is please do not project that onto every sales experience because that person is not only speaking still from this place of belief, but they're also just a dick. All right, let's just.

Call a spade a spade. Can we do that? I want you to also do this in the objection process Regardless of what they ask. I want you to do your best to

to avoid saying no, unless you absolutely have to. Meaning, if someone makes a ridiculous request, I don't say no, I say absolutely.

I would love to do that. We do need to build some room in the budget. I'm thinking something like this might cost around three or $4,000. Like I'm literally just going to price it out. So.

I'm gonna say yes to almost everything that they offer, but the things that I don't wanna do, I'm gonna price them out. And if they choose to pay for it, then I'm gonna suck it up and do it because, hey, they're paying.

handsomely for me to go and do something. Okay, so let's try to remove no. We've talked about this, we're not going to stress about the words of the objection, we're

only going to speak to the belief behind it. There's common ways that we're going to do this and this is where again you're going to see a lot of therapy in this process because it's very very similar.

it sounds like you feel it seems like you're worried that gotcha you're not sure if okay so it sounds like you

really value, oh, I got you, that's a reasonable concern. Ah, you're right to think about this. Oh, I understand, but do you feel?

Okay, so P.S. Thank you psychotherapy. This was helpful. Sales across the world appreciate you. All right.

That's a bit of just mindset work. Now we're gonna start getting in the nitty gritty. I'm gonna start giving you ideas on specific objections, but come back to this now and then and revisit this.

lesson because it's going to make more and more sense as you keep having these conversations with people. Let's go to the next lesson. Objection! Wow!

That's a lot of money. Let's talk about this one. Wow, that's a lot of money. This is a very common one. And to be honest, it's not necessarily really an.

it's kind of like they're noticing something. This is just sticker shock. And what's beautiful about wow, that's a lot of money is they didn't say that you're not worth the money. This is just more than they expected.

right? So there's still a belief attached to that, and that belief is simple. This is more than what I expected, and that's fine. So we just to say we literally

address the belief. It sounds like this is more than what you were expecting, and you're absolutely right. This price is a lot of money. At the same time, I do know this is an investment you're going to love and cherish.

bearish forever there's nothing there to really worry about until they say something else well like can you reduce the price or so-and-so is cheaper we don't have to stress about

about this objection, we simply acknowledge it. It sounds like, and remember, common phrases, right? It sounds like. You're gonna see these common phrases used throughout all these responses.

What we're gonna do is acknowledge the belief and say, yeah, you're totally right. This is a lot of money, but it's something that you're gonna really appreciate. That's it for that one. Probably didn't think that one.

Be that simple, did you? But it is. But so-and-so is cheaper. I love this one. Okay, now we've gone beyond the that's a lot of money to like.

now we're making a comparison right this is one of the most common things that's going to be happening to you especially when you're in a place where this is why we we work

Work steps one through five is purely about brand, building a brand that demands price respect, right? Because when we don't have a brand that demands price respect, everybody.

is going to compare on price but look the idea here is pretty simple i don't want you to be offended they're comparing based on what they understand and all of us understand

money in terms of like well how much I need to spend to get something that I want that's the the common kind of denominator between all of us right so this is not a strange thing

And I want you to know in yourself that we all do this don't we we all go and when we shop for something That's expensive. We make sure that we shop around we make sure that we make good decisions We make sure that we're getting what we want

want, but we're also concerned about price. So don't take this personally. The belief there is I can get the same service, the same imagery, the same

experience by hiring someone cheaper than you. Now, if you've done steps 1 through 5, beautiful, because know that

They can't, that's very visually apparent that they cannot get the same service, the same level of experience. If you have not done steps one through five, and we have leaky bucket syndrome because we have a brand that's.

broken, then they might be justified very well to think that, right? Either way, though, we're going to address the belief. See, what we're going to say is

I understand that they're cheaper. Remember, I understand, I understand, but do you feel, right?

cheaper, but do you feel like they're offering the same product or value? Again, this could backfire real quick if you haven't set up your brand, right?

If your work is not on par, if your brand doesn't look great, if it's not demanding of price respect, and you say this, and they go, well, yeah, actually.

they're their work is fantastic and and I actually like it a little bit better even but like like this could very much backfire but again if we are their advocate

and they like the other person's work and the other person's work is cheaper than ours, then honestly, they should go that route, right? But what I want you to recognize that if you have done.

steps one through five, if we've built a respectable brand, if you've done the wave with them, if you've built value in the process, then when you ask this question, they most likely are gonna go.

Well, I do really like your work and I like the conversation that we've had and they're gonna justify it right there, okay? So I understand that they're cheap.

But do you feel like they're offering the same product or value you can modify by the way any of these right? I understand that they cost less than I do But do you feel like?

That person understands your values the types of images that are meaningful to you and would deliver the same experience that I would Right all of these can be tweaked so

But don't feel like these are just like, oh, I have to memorize this. No, this is a structure, this is a pattern that I want you guys to follow and to make it yours. Okay.

Objection, do you offer discounts? Nothing wrong with asking a question that we would all ask, okay? Please.

The reason why I keep saying that is because we get offended very easily at something that is pretty dang normal, okay? We take it very personally.

when in reality this is very normal. But once again, the belief here is sometimes businesses offer discounts. It can't hurt to ask, right? It can't.

hurt to ask why not i mean sometimes they have in their mind well so and so is cheaper but but guess what after we address this with yes we

We actually do. So as you bundle more, as we step up in the collections, I can offer you a collection price, which reduces the overall cost, for example. So you just say, yes, that's already built.

Now, if the real objection is this comparison objection, it'll come out. They'll say that next. They'll say, well, I get it, but this is still

feel quite a bit more expensive than so-and-so, or I was looking at some options that are less. So it's gonna lead you to the next place in the conversation, right? So there's a couple ways of.

that you can do this, and again, you can modify. Yes, we do. In fact, what I've built for you already has collection pricing, which has reduced the overall cost by, and you can give them the number actually. So any.

these would work totally fine. But no, notice that I did not say no. Just because we don't call it a discount, maybe we call it collection pricing, right?