But so-and-so is cheaper. I love this one. Okay, now we've gone beyond the that's a lot of money to like now we're making a comparison, right? This is one of the most common things that's gonna be happening to you, especially when you're in a place where this is why we work steps one through five is purely about brand, building a brand that demands price respect, right? Because when we don't have a brand that demands price respect, everybody is gonna compare on price. But look.

The idea here is pretty simple. I don't want you to be offended. They're comparing based on what they understand. And all of us understand money in terms of like, well, how much I need to spend to get something that I want. That's the common kind of denominator between all of us, right? So this is not a strange thing. And I want you to know in yourself that we all do this, don't we? We all go and when we shop for something that's expensive, we make sure that we shop around, we make sure that we make good decisions, we make sure that we're getting what we want, but we're also concerned about price.

So, don't take this personally. The belief there is I can get the same service, the same imagery, the same experience by hiring someone cheaper than you. Now, if you've done steps 1 through 5, beautiful, because no they can't. That's very visually apparent that they cannot get the same service, the same level of experience. If you have not done steps 1 through 5 and we have leaky bucket syndrome because we have a brand that's broken, then they might be justified.

very well to think that, right? Either way though, we're gonna address the belief. See, what we're gonna say is, I understand that they're cheaper. Remember, I understand, I understand, but do you feel, right? I understand they're cheaper, but do you feel like they're offering the same product or value? Again, this could backfire real quick if you haven't set up your brand, right? If your work is not on par, if your brand is.

it doesn't look great, if it's not demanding of price respect, and you say this and they go, well, yeah, actually, their work is fantastic and I actually like it a little bit better even, but this could very much backfire. But again, if we are their advocate and they like the other person's work and the other person's work is cheaper than ours, then honestly, they should go that route, right? But what I want you to recognize that if you have done steps one through five, if we've built a respectable brand.

if you've done the wave with them, if you've built value in the process, then when you ask this question, they most likely are gonna go, well, I do really like your work and I like the conversation that we've had, and they're gonna justify it right there, okay? So I understand that they're cheaper, but do you feel like they're offering the same product or value? You can modify, by the way, any of these, right? I understand that they cost less than I do, but do you feel like that person understands your values, the types of.

images that are meaningful to you, and would deliver the same experience that I would, right? All of these can be tweaked. So don't feel like these are just like, oh, I have to memorize this. No, this is a structure, this is a pattern that I want you guys to follow, and to make it yours. Okay.