I gotta ask my spouse first. There's many interpretations to this one. The humorous part of me wants to say some of them, but I won't, because they can be offensive. I try only to defend my children. Okay, I have to ask my spouse first. Sometimes this is valid. Sometimes it's an excuse. Either way, I want to kind of give you a solution to this. Usually the belief is somewhere around this area, like I'm not the decision maker here, or it could be hate.

I want my partner to validate this decision so I don't get in trouble. Now trouble could mean a number of things. It doesn't necessarily mean that the person is a pushover. It means that trouble could be they both regret it. Trouble could be that they don't get the images that they want. Trouble could be that they later argue about it, you know. Trouble could be a number of different things but essentially it's I'm not comfortable making this decision or I don't believe that I can make this decision without my partner for whatever reason it might be. So how do we handle this? We would say

I totally understand. Look, I want your husband, your wife, your spouse, whoever this person is. I want your significant other to be on the same page as well. How about we actually loop them into the call right now? Okay, like half the time, they'll be like, oh, that's a great idea. The other half time, they'll be like, oh, I love that, but they're at work right now, okay? If it's, that's a great idea, we do it right now, we just continue the process. All right, let's hop on. Let's get them on the phone, let's keep, don't you wanna see what they would say to the Wave too? Yeah, that'd be.

Really cool. Okay, if another potential one is this, is like let's say they're not available, right? I would say, look, I actually really wanna have that chat with your spouse as well, and I actually wanna make sure that we incorporate their values into our shoot just like I did with you, right? Because we've completed the wave with them. Wouldn't it be fun to hear what their answers to the wave would be? So how about we do this? How about we continue the conversation with them on this date and time, and offer a specific date?

in time. Don't don't end the call without the date and time. If they say like oh you know I got to check their schedule then you go how about this what's like does that time typically work for them and they go yeah sometimes well okay if that time doesn't work what about this time and you go okay and what I'll do is if you need to reschedule after we end the call let's at least end it with a date on the calendar and then if you need to reschedule it you've spoken to them by all means but I don't want to I don't want to hang up with you and not have a time because sometimes it's hard to get a hold of each

other again. You know, I'm busy, you're busy, anything like that, right? All right, so we're gonna respect the objection and the belief, but we're gonna try to address it right there and see if we can bring them on. If not, we're gonna schedule the next consultation with them.