on but recognize that they're basically taking out their belief set on you. And what it usually is when someone's just a dick, like how the F can you charge that much? Like how do you sleep at night? It's still a belief. What they're saying is I'm not happy with the work that I do. I cannot charge this much. I don't make this much money. And I'm gonna take it out on you because you do. That's what that is.

So every now and then you might encounter one of those, please do not project that onto every sales experience because that person is not only speaking still from this place of belief, but they're also just a dick. All right, let's just call a spade a spade. Can we do that? I want you to also do this in the objection process. Regardless of what they ask, I want you to do your best to avoid saying no unless you absolutely have to. Meaning, if someone makes a ridiculous request,

I don't say no, I say absolutely. I would love to do that. We do need to build some room in the budget. I'm thinking something like this might cost around three or $4,000. Like I'm literally just gonna price it out. So I'm gonna say yes to almost everything that they offer, but the things that I don't wanna do, I'm gonna price them out. And if they choose to pay for it, then I'm gonna suck it up and do it because, hey, they're paying handsomely for me to go and do something, okay? So let's try to remove no. We've talked about this. We're not gonna.

to stress about the words of the objection. We're only going to speak to the belief behind it. There's common ways that we're going to do this and this is where again you're going to see a lot of therapy in this process because it's very very similar. It sounds like you feel. It seems like you're worried that. Gotcha. You're not sure if. Okay so it sounds like you really value. Oh I got you. That's a reasonable concern. You're right to think about this. Oh I understand.

stand but do you feel okay so PS thank you psychotherapy this was helpful sales across the world appreciate you all right that's a bit of just mindset work now we're gonna start getting in the nitty-gritty I'm gonna start giving you ideas on specific objections but come back to this now and then and revisit this lesson because it's gonna make more and more sense as you keep having these conversations with people let's go to the next lesson