All right, so before we get into specifically dealing with objections, right, I do wanna just mention this, that three calls, three emails, that's my personal rule to move on, okay? What I'm saying here is that we're gonna, look, we're in the business of photography, we're in the business of getting leads, and we want to get lots of leads, and ultimately that means that we're gonna get quite a few people that come our ways that's just not our kind of client. It could be a budget reason, it could be just not a good fit, it could be.

because they're not timely and responding, whatever it might be. So I don't want us to feel like we have to convert every single person because that's literally impossible and trying to convert every single person is gonna be detrimental to your business as well. So I have some simple rules, okay? Knowing when it's time to let go. So at a certain point, we have to let somebody go and the way that I do that is I simply fire off the pricing and experience guide. So the one we designed earlier, I just fired off with a simple email and then I basically cut them loose. So if we're.

this is your catch and release moment, right? We got the lead, we caught the lead, but we're not gonna be able to eat it, we're not gonna be able to do anything with it, so we're gonna release it back into the wild. And the way I do that is a simple email that might say something like, and this is just an example, so please design it however you like, but hey, so-and-so, I've tried a few times to get ahold of you, I'd love to chat, but I don't wanna keep bothering you. I've gone ahead and attached my experience and price guide. If you have any questions, please click here, you can book a free consultation. You can also put a different CTA in there. If you have any questions.

buttons, please give me a buzz. If you have any questions, please respond to this email. That's totally fine. But I think if you want the highest conversion rate from this, set up a Calendly link that says, you know, please click here for a free consultation and have them directly book the right on your calendar. Because the likelihood at this point that they're going to reach out to us is not that high. So if they are going to reach it back out to us, they might as well be directly booking an appointment at that point. Okay. So you can.

modify that as you see fit. So this means that after I've tried to call them three times and I haven't been able to successfully reach them, I've emailed them three times and I've gotten no response, I cut them loose. That's my rule, okay? You could make a rule like one of the clients that I coach, a different business, it's a physical therapy practice, they have a rule of we follow up until we hear a no. That's probably actually the best rule in sales is that you follow up whenever someone's.

offers a lead, you follow up until they say no, essentially, right? If we want to maximize revenue, that is the best way to do it, but it also might feel uncomfortable for some of you. I'd rather you, um, embrace part of the, like, I'd rather you actually do something versus like, try to go a hundred percent with it. And sometimes we can't go on it, but we can't keep following up with people over and over. Not only the uncomfortable feeling, but we might just not have the time. Right. So that's why I set a simple rule of three calls, three emails. If you want to do five.

calls five emails, by all means, you set this for yourself. I would say that three calls is like my minimum, okay? Three emails is my minimum. So meaning the first email that they get is right after the lead comes through, I send them like an email that says it's a confirmation, right, so that's already one email. My second email is like I've tried to reach out to them and I send them an email and say, hey, I just reached out in case you didn't recognize my phone number, it's this, this is my phone number so you.

you know next time, I'll try again tomorrow. And then after the next call, then I'm gonna send another email. So basically like I'm following up, I try three times with the phone, I try three times with email. If I'm not hearing back, it's time to let go. Okay, we've already talked about like what are the best times to call and those specific things. So if you have any questions on that, refer back to steps 15 when we talked about basically phone sales, okay? And we talked about kind of like the five minute rule and all those details there.

All right, so with that, let's go ahead now and actually speak on objections. Objections are one of my all-time favorite, what I think is a not so hairy, scary monster of a kind of topic and lesson, okay? I know it feels that way, it feels like this hairy, scary monster, but it's really not. And this is one of my favorite things because when you understand this, when you understand that objections are actually guiding your conversation, you're going to.

level up your sales skills to an entirely different degree. All right, let's go ahead and continue.