So I've given you a bunch of these tools now. We've talked about basically each of these different methods of objection handling. We've given you kind of the format for what we're doing, right? We're trying to look for that underlying belief and address it. And what I want you to recognize from this point moving forward that sales, I heard this phrase from jujitsu and I absolutely love it, okay? Because in jujitsu and competition, you can translate this to really any sport. It's just the place that I learned it. When a kid goes into a tournament or an adult goes into a tournament.

You're either gonna win or you're gonna learn, right? The idea there is, honestly, you actually learn more from the losses than you do from the wins. From the wins, we kinda just know that, okay, whatever we did worked. We don't really pick up anything new. It's confirmation that we were doing things correctly. But it's from the loss that we actually go, hey, there were things here that we didn't do correctly, things here that we can improve on. So when it comes to your sales conversations, I want you, the sales consultations and conversations.

want you to recognize and truly believe in this idea that it's either a win or we're gonna learn. There is no loss in the process. If you honestly ask me, and this is not a bullshit line that I'm giving you, there is no such thing as a loss so long as there was something that you gained from the experience. If you gained some level of lesson, some level of experience, if you gained something from it there was no loss. Now if you lost without learning anything then yes I would put that in a category of like

that was a loss, all right? But as long as you learned, there is no failure in the process. And someone mentioned that this idea actually came from Nelson Mandela, which is cool. I did not know that. That's really awesome. Okay. Oh, Meredith mentioned it, all right. So what I'm gonna give you is this, a post-sales checklist and an AI analysis tool, all right? I'm gonna show you how to use both. The post-consult checklist is pretty dang simple, all right? This is basically all the different lessons that we've kind of been focusing on throughout the sales process.

And whenever you wrap up a console or even a role play, I want you to be 100% honest with yourself and check off the boxes, all right? Now, when it comes to speaking to a qualified lead, as long as they are not grossly unqualified, we check the box. Then, were we able to follow the five minute rule? Were we timely in getting back to them? If we got back in 30 minutes, jot that down, 30 minutes, okay, I want you to start seeing the patterns. How were we during the opening of the conversation? Was it smooth? Did we develop a quick sense of trust?

and advocacy even if it was short? Do we avoid feature selling and technical details? The more check marks you can get on this list the better. Are we asking for the close directly on the phone? I want you to be doing that. Are we attempting to resolve questions and concerns? Are we communicating clearly? Are we scheduling the next step if we couldn't close? So this is going to be a wonderful tool for you in both role plays as well as actual consults to kind of point out what's going on and what might be going on.

going wrong in these situations. And at any point, if we're having an issue with the Wave, if we're having an issue with presenting the solution, you know exactly where to go in the course. You simply go back to that place, do a little refresher on it, and then practice again. I've built you another tool. This is the AI and Wave Coach. I'm gonna show you how to use it, okay? You're gonna record, this is one of the things that I've always encouraged you all to do, is to record your sales consultations, every one of them. Record your role plays too. They're incredibly helpful to watch back. But, what we're gonna do.

whether you record via phone or with Zoom, whatever application that you're using is totally fine. We can take the audio or the video file, we can drop it into either Descript or Riverside. Descript, I believe, we can open it up. I believe they give you one hour a month or so of free transcription. If you want more than that, then obviously it would be a paid service. But usually if you just wanna review one, like look, the sales conversation I did with Meredith that I had to do, that was 26 minutes. So you could actually do two of those.

you get one hour of total time. There's also Riverside. There's also other platforms that you could potentially use for that. But what we wanna do is transcribe the lesson, okay? Then what we're gonna do is go to chat GPT and we're gonna go right here and we're gonna go to add photos. So you're gonna click that sales and wave coach link which will take you to this spot. And you can click here or you can just literally just upload a transcript, right? If we click there, it'll give us a bit of instructions and it'll say, got it. Okay, you can upload a transcript and I'm gonna.

to score it using the wave. So what I'm gonna do is just demonstrate for you. I have my conversation with Meredith. It was placed into a text file. We're just gonna click open, okay? And then I'm not even gonna say anything. I'm just gonna submit it. Okay, now it's gonna review the entire thing and watch this. It gives me an entire scorecard. So here's my wave scorecard. Did I hit the pattern interrupt? How about emotional visualization? Anti-analytical framing?

anchoring, force prioritization, key emotional questions, the value board transfer, the bonus re-entry. So I got a bonus re-entry because Meredith gave me so many freaking objections that this said flawless re-entry after price logical objections. You loop back to her family parroted family psychology, parroted story and authentic imagery instead of defending the cost. That was why it was one of my favorite examples. It gives you best moments, missed opportunities. So look, I love what it offered here and this is where it took a lot of time because

Initially, it was saying things like, well, I'll tell you what it's saying, but here it said the session fee, what I said was the session fee is 250, nothing is included beyond the time to capture the images. And it said, this is a logic first, low trust phrasing. It broke the emotional rhythm. And I was like, you're absolutely right. It would have been better. It said, use value first framing, saying the session fee actually covers creative planning and design, the time that we spend crafting what will become your family's story. Everything else is purchased in addition to that. This would have been such a better phrasing for that.

Now, a lot of the place where it got hung up was when I say things like most of my clients spend around two to $3,000, it was defaulting back to like really bad sales principles where it would say things like, oh, before we talk price, let's just go into this conversation. Before we do that, before we, let me figure out that's, and so we, I had to do a lot of working on the logic to get it to not do what typically is kind of like followed in bad sales philosophy. So, and each of these, it gives.

me like a better version. We do a reveal session. This is too procedural. Replace with emotional context. Once the images are ready, we're going to design together how you'd love to experience them, whether that's in your home, whether it's an album. I'm like, man, now we're nailing it. So the backbone of this is the entire wave process. It's going to give you an entire rating. It's going to give you like overall execution, everything. And it should give you really good feedback. And if it doesn't, please.

Let me know, I'm sure there's gonna be places where we can make improvements to it, but I want you to use this tool. It is gonna be highly helpful to you as an analytical tool to understand what's happening after one of these consultations or even one of your role plays. I'm also gonna say this, I've tested it quite a bit. I spent more than 10 hours designing this one because I had to test and go back and forth multiple times. It's good, but it is still an AI-based tool. So your judgment is required, meaning if it says something.

strange please report it to the mentorship group and say hey the AI said this ideally you give me a section of like what it said so I can see like where it went wrong and then I can kind of make updates to it or I can tell you yes in this case it was actually correct or no in this case this is what I would do and I'll look to make an update to it please take advantage please use all these tools and let's turn you into a sales jedi all right hope you enjoyed