Welcome to step 16. I am stoked for this one. This is where we're gonna be handling objections and kind of working on just basically sales mastery. I want you to dive into this, like especially when you have gone through the sales process. This module right here is gonna really help you to refine your sales skills, which again, these translate to everything that we do. So specifically, so basically what I'm saying is don't sleep on this. But specifically

the topics and pain points that we're addressing is, well, how do I deal with objections? I don't want you just to deal with them. I want you to literally get comfortable with objections, get to a place where you not only expect them, but you actually want them because it gives you a place to go in the conversation. We're gonna talk about like, when do you stop following up with somebody? When do you kind of just cut them loose and let them go? We're gonna talk about specific objections. Like what do you say when people go, that's a lot of money, or, but so-and-so is cheaper, or do you offer discounts? Can you come down on price, but this is not a wedding? You know?

I have to ask my partner first. All of these common objections, I've built right into the lesson material, so I can give you specific examples. But what I really want you to take away from this is the framework, the approach. Because at that place, if you're using the framework and the approach of how to handle objections, it really doesn't matter what somebody says, you're gonna always know what to say. But with these common ones, I thought they'd make for great examples, and we're gonna get into those. Once again, this is fast-paced. Please pause, please implement, please.

as I've mentioned throughout the sales section, this is one of the sections of this course, this part three of the sales course is an entire program in and of itself. So steps 12 through 16, meaning like you would expect to spend three to $5,000 on a program like this, and it's built right into Tandicate 2K. So not only do I want you to take advantage of it, I want you to repeat, to come back to this section as you actually have some experience with call.

as you do role plays, because each time you go back through, you're gonna pick up new nuances and just further refine your skillset. In between sessions, once again, the mentorship group, it's there for you to ask questions, it's there for you to seek advice, give feedback, and to share wins or aha moments. And specifically with the sales section, it's there for you to actually find role play buddies to practice the things that you're learning. Okay, that's it for our intro, let's dive in.