is why I kind of put this one down on the list. I still think that that's a classic book. It's still great. But the two that probably made the biggest impact for me are these two. And then How to Win Friends, Never Split the Difference is fantastic. It's a book about how compromise is not really a good solution for anybody. Presence with Amy Cuddy, it's a very much a charisma book. All of these are fantastic books, but these first two are killers, okay? So if you wanna dive deeper, here's kind of a list of favorites to go to.

All right, let's jump to the next lesson. Okay, so asking the right questions. Can we get more specific with things that we should say? And again, reviewing like what we're talking about here, we're still kind of in this process of building rapport and creating trust, but as you start asking these questions, you're going to start hearing a lot of their problems, their needs, their values if you listen close, okay? So there's some crossover over here before we kind of dive completely into identifying

the customer's problem and need. So the question is, your clients walk in to meet with you in person, where do you start the conversation? And I would say that this is a great guide too, if it's a Zoom call, right? I'm going to give you a specific set of training, like there's a specific module on phone conversations, because I find that phone conversations, they need to be a little bit more like quick and snappy. People tend to have much less patience over just a phone conversation than say like a Zoom conversation.

or even like an in-person. I say in-person conversations where there's the most flexibility and time. Zoom is like second most, but still quite a bit shorter. Like people usually expect those meetings to be maybe 30 minutes up to 60 minutes. I've had some in-person sessions go like two hours, okay? Because they want to keep talking. Phone stuff usually needs to be like five, 10 minutes, unless we get to the close and we can kind of continue, but they're generally quite a bit shorter. Either way though, we still have the same goals. Whenever we're entering the sales conversation, we're.

aware of the three brains that we've talked about, right? The croc brain, the neocortex, and the limbic system. And your goal is let's hurdle past the croc brain with, you know, usually once we're meeting them in person or on Zoom, we've already done that, okay? So we're there. What we really need to do is avoid the neocortex, okay? And then we need to stay in the limbic system. Where we're most concerned about getting past the croc brain is when we're calling them back with the five-minute rule because they're not expecting the call. And so that's where our opening line is to kind of get past.

that and we gave you the opening line okay so really the primary goal is like how do we avoid neocortex like deeper thinking and rationale and how do we stay in the limbic system and just to quickly review remember this is the croc brain is the instinctual part of the brain that's like oh man i don't want to is this just a sales call i don't want to deal with this is this a telemarketer it's that part of us that wants to conserve time and conserve resources and really wants to limit things that could potentially waste our time right the neocortex is where we want a lot of time

to think, we want time to compare, we want to reason. This is where we spend honestly most of our day because we're working, we're doing things that require complex thought processes and so we're spending most of our time here in this space as we drive from to and from, we're kind of in between the croc brain and the neocortex like how do I stay alive, maintain all these, like I'm gonna follow all the driving rules and not get into an accident. So it's challenging to bring people over the limbic system because that's the emotional center of the brain, that's the space.

It's for our memories. That's the space for our, you know, the things that we, everything that we would want in a photograph, it lives inside the limbic system, but we're not naturally there. Most of us are naturally sitting in this space of the neocortex throughout our entire day. So how do we get someone there? So we're gonna do a few things. I wanna point out questions that we most definitely don't wanna ask, and then I'm gonna point out questions that are like a little bit of like caution, like little warning signs, okay? So your red flags are questions like, what brought you in today?

It's a terrible question, because there's not really a good answer to it. The good answer to it is obvious. Well, what brought you in was whatever photography that you do, right? Whether it's weddings, whether it's seniors, whether it's newborns, that's what brought me in, okay? There's no place to go. It's a wasted question. What are you looking for in your photos? This will take somebody straight to the neocortex, going, oh boy, like, I don't know. Like, I really like, I like some of the stuff that you've been doing. I don't know what to, I don't know how to describe. They can't figure that out. Now, oddly, what you're gonna.

learn as you go through the next module is my process called the wave. Okay. The wave is a psychological tool, ultimately designed to answer this question of what you're looking for in your photos, but we have to steer them through an entire process to actually get to a meaningful answer. We can't ask this question at the beginning of a meeting and expect that they're going to be able to answer it because they're not in the right headspace. Answering this question requires that they're in an emotional space and people aren't there. So they're going to try to think technically of what.

they like and and that's not a helpful answer to us. Okay I don't know why that just scrolled over the left let me see if I can scroll back okay now what's your budget? Dumb question again it's a neocortex question but it's also one that has no good answer because what's you know we're not gonna talk about money before we establish value that's that's silly and the simple answer to what's your budget is my budget is as little as I have to possibly spend on this my budget was you know right now there's someone down

downstairs, putting in our dishwasher. We paid Costco, and this is the funny thing, we paid Costco 1,600 bucks for this dishwasher and it said installation was included. And he comes and he's like, oh, these other items are needed to be able to complete this installation. If he asked, what's your budget? I would have said, well, we already paid what we paid to get it installed. There is no budget for installation. We already paid for installation. But instead he goes, okay, you need this, you need this, you need this. You could call some.

else or I can handle all these for $400 in addition to what you've what you spent okay I didn't have the budget for that and yet I paid for it this is not a good question what's your budget people make room in a budget they make room for something that they value that they appreciate that they need just like we did downstairs a moment ago with the dishwasher by the way if you hear the buzzing that's what it is hopefully you don't hear the buzzing okay what do you do for work I would say

This is a cautionary question because there's definitely worse questions, but there's also better questions, right? The other thing with what do you do for work is like, well, what if someone's a stay-at-home mom or a stay-at-home dad? You know, like this can create kind of like these awkward moments that we don't really wanna get to. And there's, again, better versions of this. How's the pregnancy been? Again, there's better, more sensitive versions of this, right? Tell me about your wedding timeline. That's a very technical question that gets us deep again into kind of the wrong headspace. So.

Let's not ask those questions. What I want you to do is slow down, okay? I remember we put this slide in the last module. I'm gonna remind you again. Slow down, ask clients meaningful questions that are genuine, that show that you're working as their advocate. So trust and advocacy first. And again, the reminder, the reminder that in-person, this might be five minutes or more, like three to five minutes, you know, in-person via Zoom. Phone, usually it's just one question. It's 30 seconds getting to know them a little bit. But remind yourself.

of this, okay? These are not, it's not just a sale. These are human beings. They have their own unique story, their own values. I want you to ask questions to help uncover that story. Part of being able to do this is taking yourself out of the business mindset of like, this person is another client, and thinking of them on a human level. So our perception, for example, is that they're just another family wanting photos.

They come to us for family portraits, but dad has a specific reality and so does mom. And I wanna understand what those realities are. For example, if we dove deep into one example of a dad, well, dad misses a lot of the family moments because of work and travel, right? He admires his son's strength. He loves his daughter's smile. Daddy's girl gives him Eskimo kisses in person, on video when he's away. He feels like he's missing too much of their lives. When dad gets home, his son and daughter, they're always at the door.

waiting. This was a few of my pieces of reality about 10 years ago when I was grinding and working non-stop and my kids were very young at the time this was my reality and if someone said what if I what if during the shoot we captured Eskimo kisses I'd be like that's such a great idea I would love that if somebody was like you know what if we showed your son like running and and and what is he like