very outgoing and very extroverted because I have frame control. I have a certain level of authority in that space. And so it gives me a level of confidence that I wouldn't normally have otherwise. And I want you to think of yourself as that. Within the realm of photography, you are the authority. You have frame control, right? And that means that you have the ability to guide. You have the ability to basically maintain this frame by speaking less than the other person, by asking great questions

where you're kind of guiding the conversation by listening intently, by using authority and warmth within that frame, within that authority, or sorry, within the frame control. The reason why I say this, by the way, is because authority without warmth, you just come across like a dick, okay? If you have authority, but there's no warmth that comes along with it, you know, people have labels for that. You're not a nice person. So you're gonna be labeled that thing. So we need to make sure that there's always warmth with the authority. And then also you.

You maintain this frame control by developing trust. You are their advocate. And that's exactly what the French waiter was doing in that situation. It wasn't that he was so much as saying like, you know, no, that's a terrible choice. No, I can't do that for you. He was saying like, well, that's not gonna be something that's possible, but look, I know best and I know exactly what you're gonna want. Let me bring you something better. Let's figure out what you're gonna eat. And then I'm gonna pair it with something that you would very much enjoy. And you can do that exact same thing inside of the space of photography, okay?

So this is the idea, the concept of frame control. So I know the question is like, well, but what essentially do you say when someone is fixated, when they just want the price, right? And the reason why we're discussing all of this, the idea of frame control, again, goes back to that fear and that self-doubt of losing control. So we go back to this, well, what if they just talk about the price, just the price, the price? We keep it simple. When someone has price on their mind.

Think of it like a dog that's trying to get a bone, right? If you take that bone away, the dog is gonna get mad, it's gonna try to bite you, so what we do is we give the dog the bone. And in this situation, I want you to give the human the bone, okay? They wanna talk about price, so I want you to simply give it to them. I like doing it in a way where I can say, look, I know figuring out price is something that's kind of frustrating. People probably tell you that they don't wanna talk prices until they walk you through this whole thing.

Is that the experience you've had? And they're like, yes. And I go, okay, I'm going to make this very simple for you. My prices start at this. And most of my clients are going to spend around this on their package. But I'd love to learn more about what you specifically are looking for. And if I find that we're not a good fit, at least I might be able to help recommend somebody who is. So why don't we dive into this? Then when they agree with that statement, they're transferring back frame control to you.

So, each of those moments where you feel like somebody else is kind of taking over a situation, they're basically trying to kind of take this frame control from you. They're trying to kind of take away your authority and what I want you to do is to reestablish it. In the case of price, we can't reestablish it by just saying, oh, you know, wait a little bit. We'll talk about price in a bit. We can't do that. That's going to get them frustrated. It's going to be, it's an anti-consumer mentality to be like, I just asked you a question and you're wrong.

refusing to answer my question, that's gonna just lead to frustration. So we don't withhold, we simply give them that thing, and then we say, look, I'd love to continue. And if they have an objection to it, they will let us know. If they say, oh no, those prices are just way too high, they're gonna say something, right? But if they agree to continue, then that means, well, okay, I can wrap my head around those prices, let's continue the conversation. And that's what we're gonna do to get back our frame control.

Okay, the same concept, by the way, applies to when you're at, say, a shoot, whether it's a wedding, whether it's a senior portrait session, whether it's maternity, and your client might be freaking out about something. And just a little story for you guys. I remember this was one of my early weddings that I was at. And I remember seeing it for the first time, my mentor did it, and then I remember it happening to me. And I literally responded the way that my mentor did.

I'll tell you about the mentor situation, right? This is one of the first high-end weddings that I'd photographed. I was third shooting for my mentor, John Solano, and a groom's, no, it was the bride's father came out and said something along the lines, and forgive my language, he says, John, what the fuck are you doing? I'm not paying you to sit here and just take photos of everybody. That's the weirdest thing to say, right? Because you literally are paying him to take photos of everybody.

In the dad's mind, he was taking too long with the bride and the groom and the family stuff. And so he comes out and he's upset and he says this, right? And John goes, oh, dad, don't even worry about this. Like, I'm gonna be done in just a minute. I want you to go and relax. And I thought that was so interesting because dad did. He kind of like relaxed and then went and had a drink and just kind of came back and he was buddy-buddy with John the entire night. And I was like, that's fascinating. I'm gonna use this myself and I have. I had a similar.

I had a situation that almost mirrored his several years later, and I did the exact same thing. It was with a mother in that case, and it worked so beautifully. So anytime we're in a situation like this, we reassure and then we re-establish the frame control, right? So in my case, it's kind of like the mom was freaking out because I wasn't taking the right detail shots. I've had multiple freak outs, but one of the ones that's popping in my head was I wasn't taking the right sort of shoe shots.

the right detail shots for her, because I had placed the shoe shots on like a box, and she's like, I want them surrounded by nature and all of that, and she was wigging out, and I said, Mom, I want you to relax. I don't want you to stress out, but I think that's a fantastic idea, so what I'm gonna do is go capture that, and I'm gonna shoot a lot of images that are actually gonna be surrounded by nature as well, and I'll come and show it to you, but I want you to be present. I want you to be happy, to be engaged. That's what you're actually gonna remember today, okay? Can you promise me that? Thank you so much.

She's like, yes, Pi, I'm gonna relax, I'm gonna, I'm gonna. And then I brought her the photograph a little bit later where I created some detail shots that kind of use a little more of the florals and those things. She's like, that's beautiful, that's amazing. Thank you so much, you're the best. So this idea of frame control works in any one of these situations where you can display authority, but also warmth. Anytime you feel like you're losing control, we're gonna come back to this space, okay? Now, one of the comments is we are kind of.

recording this is well what if a person does say that it's out of their price range right so like we talked about this give the dog their bone like i said if they have an objection to the price then that's fine like if they say oh that is way too far out of my price range um where we go from here kind of depends on what the objection is right if their objection let's say that my my my prices start at three thousand dollars and most of my clients spend around seven and then they come back with the objection of like oh i thought this was going to cost you like

thousand dollars. They are so far underqualified that at that point I'm simply going to say, oh, you know what, not a big deal. Sometimes, you know, people don't know our prices when they reach out. But if at any point, you know, that that changes, just let me know and I'd love to help you out further. OK, so just give them a bit of ideas, a bit of guidance. Well, you can literally close the conversation or you could also say, you know, in that price range, I might suggest this. And sometimes I'll say that, like, you know, in that price range.

I might suggest that you jump onto Facebook, look for somebody that does good work, but they're kind of not established yet, and you might be able to kind of sneak a deal in there. But yeah, that's a bit below where we'd be looking at. Now that's if they're way, way underpriced, right? If they say, okay, I was kind of thinking around something around the $4,000 to $5,000 range, I would say, you know, that's fantastic. Why don't we keep talking to actually figure out what it is you're looking for? We can come up with a complete price. And even if you decide not to continue with me, I'd like you to be able to go.

and make these comparisons with all of the information at hand, okay? A lot of times we think we're comparing apples to apples when we look at photography, and really we're comparing apples to oranges. How does that sound? Can we continue with this? And then you just continue the conversation. So depending on how underqualified they might be, a lot of people that are in the, if they thought of, it's gonna be their initial budget was three or 4,000, a lot of people will double their budget if you can give them what they want, right? So.

But if it's like five times what they budgeted if it's like ten times what they were budgeting That's where I kind of just closed the conversation off Okay so This is how we can come back to this fear self-doubt of what if we lose control? Okay. Now I know you might be thinking like what if this doesn't work, right? How do I create the the right space a safe space for this emotional sale? It'll work if you're if you're conveying authority with warmth it works and in the cases where