I've literally not had a case where this doesn't work, but I would say this, if someone's going to be that rude to you, if they're gonna just shut you down when you're trying to kind of guide them and move them forward, it's not a good fit anyway. It's not the type of client that you'd wanna be working with. So they're gonna reveal a lot about themselves in this process, but I will tell you, it works. Authority with warmth, it'll work each and every time, okay? 99% of the time, it works every time. All right.

So let me just take a look and see if there's any other questions here that popped up. Do we refer to the mom of the, oh yes, Catherine asked, do we refer to the mom of the bride as mom? I don't see an issue with that. But I do actually learn, like usually when I first arrive, I call mom, mom. I call dad, dad. And then I ask them like, tell me your names. And then I refer to their names afterwards. I much prefer that versus that, like going throughout the day, just calling them mom and dad. Okay. I think we covered the price stuff. So let's go now. So we've, the mistakes we've addressed.

Right. When we fail to create the right emotional space for the sale, we've also failed in these other steps, right? We failed to understand what we're selling. We failed to understand their needs, their values. We failed to help them know that we're their advocate and we failed to establish value. These are all things that we've, we've solved at this point. Okay. But remembering good sales is good curiosity. One of the best ways to take your frame control back is by simply asking more questions. Okay. So after some.

brings up some sort of an objection after somebody tries to steer the conversation a certain way it's okay to ask a question around that usually what I'll try to do is kind of like guide back to where I want to go but in a certain case if someone like continues to hammer price after I've just mentioned the price I would say it sounds like price is a major concern for you tell me what's kind of on your mind there right and then once they share what's on their mind

because I already gave them a starting point. I already gave them like say the, what clients typically spend and they're like, but I wanna know what it's gonna cost. This very rarely happens by the way. So I think a lot of times these fears in our heads, they're for these one-off scenarios that are so rare, but on occasion they might happen. So first, don't worry about them so much. Second, when it does happen, I would say, well, it sounds like you're really fixated on price. Can you tell me a little bit more about that? And then they might say whatever you're gonna say. And I'll say, okay, I'm honestly not trying to withhold anything.

thing but trying to give you the price right now without knowing what you're actually looking for is kind of a lot like you walking into a car dealership saying I want to buy a car tell me how much and me going well what kind of car do you want that's what we're here to figure out is like what kind of photography service are we creating here I know I know it's wedding photography or whatever your genre might be I know it's maternity but but what exactly are we trying to create that's what I want to get to and then from there I can guide you into the

Perfect fit. Does that make you a little more comfortable? Can we continue? And then you get their permission again and keep moving forward. But this idea of slowing down, talking less, remember the 80-20 rule, where 20%, like I want you to basically use your 20%, 20% is you speaking, right? And in that 20%, you're generally guiding the conversation with good questions, with acknowledgements, and you're listening 80% of the time. That's kind of the rule I generally.

want you to follow in these situations or in really any sales situation. Honestly, this works for like any human situation too. You are in an argument with your partner, 20-80 rule. It works totally. Ask questions, try to understand what's going on, let them do the talking if they are upset and yes, that works. So look, you're here getting business guidance. We're going to make you a better person across the board. All right. So let's go ahead and go to this next step. This, these

maybe you're wondering why I have you do these things. There's something that happens when you physically commit to something. Now, if you'd like to keep all your commitments in a little book, by all means, but I want you to physically acknowledge this. I don't want you just to digitally sign this. Like, please don't load this into Adobe PDF and be like, I'm gonna digitally sign this. That's meaningless. What I want you to do is if you're gonna commit to this, commit to it in some sort of a way. If you don't wanna print the page, that's fine. Write out the statement and actually sign it, okay?

But those things are meaningful because it's the physical process, the physical act that helps not only ingrain it in your mind, but actually creates something for you to commit to and an idea to remember. So your commitment here is to stop talking, to use the 80-20 rule and to exercise good curiosity and to remember this concept of frame control. The idea that you have the authority to guide the conversation where you want it to go and the person that actually stays quiet and asks good questions, they're the one that's going

One's in control of the conversation. It's not the person that's talking the most. It's the person that's asking good questions and allowing the other person to speak, that's the person that's guiding this situation and the conversation. Okay. Let's jump on to the next lesson. Okay. So why people buy, right? Well, we have another low hanging fruit here that I want to cover and it's the five minute rule. So reminder, low hanging fruits. These are any strategies that are easy to implement and have a significant impact on your revenue. And the five minute rule is.

one of those. So all the five-minute rule says is we're going to, as soon as we get a lead, we're gonna do our best, okay, to reach out to that lead within five minutes. So within five minutes, it would kind of preempt this process, because within five minutes, we reach out to start the process of building rapport and creating trust, right? Now, here's why. What if I told you, and for those that are actually watching this live, please put in the chat, if you're watching this inside the lesson library, please.

into Facebook into the mastermind and let me know. I'm gonna ask you a question. What if I told you that doing one thing which would take you no additional time, mind you, one thing which would take you no additional time, what if it could improve your conversions by 400 to 800 percent? My question is would you commit to doing it? Okay, it's such a dumb question, I get it, but every one of you is like, yeah, obviously I would do that. That's what we're talking about in the five-minute rule. Now, the reason why I say

it takes you no additional time is because you're going to call the person anyway. Right? So the, the only difference is doing it sooner than doing it later, right? There's this concept in sales, it's called speed to lead. And there's a good reason. It's one of the most famous sayings in sales. And what it means is when possible, you're going to call the lead within five minutes, and the reason is that the five minute benchmark. So calling Lee within five minutes increases the likelihood of contact by a hundred times. So your likelihood of contact is where they're going.

to pick up the phone or not, okay? So it increases the likelihood of contact by 100 times compared to 30 minutes. Most of us are like, oh, I'm gonna get back to somebody in 24 hours and we think that's great, right? This is 100x more likely to pick up the phone than compared with 30 minutes later. Not 24 hours, 30 minutes. Then there's more stats. Being the first responder wins, period. So research shows that at a minimum.

50 to almost 80% of sales literally go to the first vendor that responds to something. And this isn't one study. This is multiple studies, including a Harvard business review. So 50 to 80% of the decision, when somebody needs to hire somebody, when they need to buy something, when they go to the first person who responds, okay. Then the conversion boost when compared to 30 minutes, a five minute response time.

Increases your chance to qualify by 21 times and it increases your conversion rate This is where we got that number from by four to eight hundred percent All of this is to say that 24 hours is way too long 24 hours as a response time when somebody's interested in something is way too long and You can you can feel this out for yourself, right? When you are in a moment where you want to buy something

Isn't it frustrating when like you're literally ready to give up your money and you can't find the right product, you can't find the right solution, you can't find the right service. It is so annoying. So I want you to follow this whenever, like whenever it's actually possible, okay? I'm gonna give you guidance on that in a second. Because when something is on somebody's mind, when they're thinking about something, that is the best time to capture them, that's when they're most.

most interested, that's when they want to hear from you. So I want you to call them. Now, you're probably asking like, what times of day are best? Well, look, four to 6 p.m. are the ideal times of contact if you're gonna call somebody back, okay? Eight to 10 or six to seven is the second best. So these are times of day that typically are best based on general statistics around the world. So your time, obviously, would be the thing to consider. What I want you to do, though, is.