than questions like, how's this pregnancy been? This feels a lot more empathetic and sensitive to potentially someone that might not be having an easy pregnancy, okay? All right, and then I'm giving you, for more ideas, open-ended questions, you just simply grab this. You're gonna go right into ChatGPT, and it's gonna give you examples based on your niche. It's based on the first few moments of a conversation to get more concepts from this. Pretty simple.

Really easy to use. So if you all have any questions on this though, jump into the mastermind group. Let's open each of our conversations with these questions that are not only open-ended, that help us to kind of start building rapport, that build trust, and then we're gonna move to the next step. Okay, so last but not least, once basic rapport and trust is established, well, what do we do next? This is kind of our topic for the next module. But basically, once we've built rapport and created trust, really, we've already started to get.

somewhat into identifying their problem and need. Like I mentioned, several of the questions, you're gonna get clues in there. But then once we've established basic level of trust and rapport, we go right to the wave. The wave is the process that we're gonna hit in the next module. Some of our members, Thomas calls it the magic booking tool. It's not magical, it's just a psychological sales framework that I created to basically help our salespeople in our studio get.

consistent results with sales. Because what we noticed was that if someone was inherently decent with sales, if they had charisma, if they already, they could close, right? But for the average person that didn't have these tools, they couldn't. And they also couldn't figure out what the client was actually wanting. So what we'd end up doing is we'd go and do a shoot and we'd come back, we'd have great photos, they'd look magical, they'd look awesome, but then a client might, every now and then, go, I don't like the photos. And we'd go, that's so weird, they're technically accurate. This is like 15 years ago, right? These photos are technically beautiful, there's.

there's beautiful color, there's all this stuff, but they didn't like them. And so I designed this process to uncover what somebody values, right? And then once we understand what they value, we know exactly what type of images to create. So that process will not only help you to identify their problems and needs, it's gonna help you to actually become a better photographer in the process. And it's also gonna set up the next keys of how do we develop the value proposition, which is basically the package we're gonna push to them, not push, that's the wrong word, package we're gonna push to them.

promote or whatever we're going to offer. And then how do we present how that solution is a good fit for those, those needs, the things that they bring up. Right. So it's going to guide the entire way that we finish out the sales conversation going all the way through to the close. When we get to the wave, that's where I say like, I want you to learn this process. I want you to master the wave, the specifics of the words. You can change, you can flip flop. If you guys have watched me and you will see me do wave role plays. When you watch me do a role play, I'm not

saying the exact same words every time, but I am following the same steps each time, okay? So that's where I want you to follow the steps, like understand it, internalize it, and then make it yours essentially. But this is where we're gonna go deep into that. So we're gonna end for now. Jump the next module when you are ready.