Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Open your call with a simple statement to show that your time is valuable. POTENTIALOPENERS STEP ONE Hi [NAME], I just got your info, I have 15 minutes before my next [MEETING/SHOOT/ETC] and wanted to give you a quick call... Hi [NAME], I just got your inquiry and happened to have a few minutes, so I thought I’d give you a quick call... 

Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Next, ask an an open ended question about their client journey to learn about them and begin building trust. OPEN ENDEDTRUST BUILDERS STEP TWO BOUDOIR - "I’d love to know—what inspired you to book a boudoir shoot? What’s the story behind that decision?" MATERNITY - “Before we get into it, how’s this whole pregnancy journey been for you? What’s surprised you the most so far?" WEDDINGS - “Before we start, tell me what the wedding planning process has been like for you so far?” 

Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Respond with something simple (like what we’ve put on your website) and then ask permission to continue. IF THEY’RE HUNGUP ON PRICE... STEP THREE “Absolutely. I can’t give you an exact price of course until I know what you’re looking for, but my prices start at [X$] and clients typically spend around [Y$ and Z$] on their entire collection. That being said, I can give you an exact quote at the end of our conversation once I know what you’re looking for. Do you have a few minutes for me to continue?” OPTIONAL POWER MOVE: “There’s no obligation or pressure in this call. My goal is to help you find the perfect photographer, even if that’s not me, I want to help you find the right fit...”

10 KEYS TOBUILDING TRUST& RAPPORT 1 3 STEP Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

THE SALESPROCESS Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Build rapport & create trust Develop value proposition Close by making the ask (value for value) Identify the customer’s problem and need Present how the solution fits the need Follow up, address objections or concerns Now let’s get specific with 10 steps to help you build trust.

Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com “Photographers don’t need photography school, they need charm school.” MY MENTOR - JOHN SOLANO 

KEY ONE Choose clients you can love (Step 1) because how can you serve and document someone you don’t? Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

KEY TWO Be genuinely excited to talk to clients, but smile slowly to not come off as disingenuous. Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

KEY THREE Be present. This is the most critical step to having charisma. Stay in the moment, focus on the conversation. TIP: “Let me silence my phone (place phone face down), I might also take notes as we go just to remember everything we talk about.” Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

KEY FOUR Be genuine. No feigned kindness or compliments which can come off as fake and desparate. Be yourself. Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com 

KEY FIVE Remember their names and use them often in the conversation! Make sure you pronounce them right! Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

KEY SIX Sit forward in an active posture that shows you’re interested and engaged (even on the phone). Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

KEY SEVEN Stop talking! Remember the 80/20 rule. Your 20% is to guide the conversation as you listen 80% of the time. Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

KEY EIGHT Actively listen. Remember, being present means that you stop thinking about the next thing you want to say. Instead, look to mirror parts of the conversation to show understanding. Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

KEY NINE Carry authority with warmth, becuase without warmth you come off as an arrogant asshole. Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

KEY TEN Look to serve! Rare are those who serve others. Always act in the best interest of your potential client. Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

WANT TO GODEEPER? Here’s my book list for sales, charisma, and persuasion: Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com The Charisma Myth (Olivia Fox Cabane) Pitch Anything (Oren Klaff) How to Win Friends... (Dale Carnegie) Never Split the Difference (Chris Voss) Presence (Amy Cuddy) What Every BODY Is Saying (Joe Navarro) To Sell is Human (Daniel Pink) Influence (Robert Cialdini)

ASKINGTHE RIGHTQUESTIONS Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com 1 3 STEP

THE SALESPROCESS Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Build rapport & create trust Develop value proposition Close by making the ask (value for value) Identify the customer’s problem and need Present how the solution fits the need Follow up, address objections or concerns Pye, can you get more specific with things I should say? Yes! If you listen close, you’ll start hearing needs too!

QUESTION... Your clients walk in to meet with you in person, where do you start the conversation? Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com 

THE 3 BRAINS Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com When entering a sales conversation, you need to be aware of the 3 brains: Croc Neocortex Limbic 

YOUR GOALS Goal #1 = Get past the croc brain Goal #2 = Avoid the neocortex Goal #3 = Stay in the limbic system Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

STOP ASKING! These questions will get you nowhere... PERIOD! Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com What’s your budget? What are you looking for in your photos? What brought you in today? What do you do for work? How’s the pregnancy been? Tell me about your wedding timeline

SLOW DOWN TURBO Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Get to know your clients (genuinely). Ask meaningful questions to show you’re working as their advocate. In-person: 5 minutes or more Phone: 30 seconds (get to know during) TRUST and ADVOCACY first! 

REMIND YOURSELF... Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com This is not just a “sale” these are human beings with their own unique story and values. Then ask questions to help yourself uncover that story.

FAMILY PORTRAITS Our perception, they’re just another family wanting photos... Dad’s reality: Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Dad misses a lot due to work/travel He admires his son’s strength and loves his daughter’s smile Daddy’s girl gives him Eskimo kisses in person and on video when he’s away He feels like he’s missing too much When dad gets home, his son and daughter are always at the door waiting

WEDDING CLIENTS Our perception, they’re just another couple in love... His reality: Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Wanted to be a pro football player Met lots of girls, never interested Met her at the school gym She was the first girl to make him laugh He loves her smile and intellect His favorite features are her eyes He proposed during an adventure trip to Thailand after consulting her best friend to make sure he got the perfect ring 

Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com We have to stop looking at our clients as a pay check or “just another client,” start uncovering their truth... TRUTH BOMB t r u t h (This is easy when you only have a few clients, not so easy when you start getting busy)

All of your questions should be designed to keep someone in the limbic (emotional) thought center. LIMBIC SYSTEMFOCUSED... Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Croc Neocortex Limbic

Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com WHEN YOU ASK THERIGHT QUESTIONS...

NO MEMORIZING! Don’t memorize, treat these scripts as an idea and place to start. Speak from the heart moment-to-moment and client-to-client. Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

TRUST BUILDING& ICE BREAKINGSCRIPTS Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com 1 3 STEP

Emotionally driven and open-ended questions to get to know your clients... Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Tell me the story of how you both met. Who made the first move, how’d it happen? Tell me about the first moment where you just knew, “this is my person.” WEDDINGS

Emotionally driven and open-ended questions to get to know your clients... Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Have you ever done a boudoir session before, or is this your first time? (follow-ups below) I’d love to hear your story, what made you want to reach out for a boudoir session? What made you decide to do a boudoir session now? Why does this feel like the right time? BOUDOIR

Emotionally driven and open-ended questions to get to know your clients... Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Tell me, what inspired you to do a maternity session? Is this your first child, or do you have little ones already? (follow-up) Oh, tell me about your family! What’s been the most beautiful or unexpected part of this pregnancy journey for you? (not first, below) What’s been different about this pregnancy compared to your other children? MATERNITY

Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com You are a [NICHE] photographer. When you meet with potential clients, your goal is to be able to understand their story, background, and values. That way you can capture the things they most value in their photographs. Knowing this, give me 10 or so examples of open-ended questions that you would ask them right at the start of a first meeting? Questions that will help you get to know your client, build trust with them, but also hold them in the emotional/limbic system. This means I’m looking to avoid analytical questions or questions that might lead to one-word answers. Take the questions that you like, then modify and make them YOURS! AI-PROMPT If you want more ideas for open-ended questions within your consults, try this:

ONCE BASICRAPPORT + TRUSTIS ESTABLISHED... 1 3 STEP Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com

THE SALESPROCESS Ⓒ SLR Lounge www.slrloungeworkshops.com Build rapport & create trust Develop value proposition Close by making the ask (value for value) Identify the customer’s problem and need Present how the solution fits the need Follow up, address objections or concerns Once you’ve established a basic level of trust/rapport > W.A.V.E.