wigging out and I said, mom, I want you to relax. I don't want you to stress out, but I think that's a fantastic idea. So what I'm gonna do is go capture that and I'm gonna shoot a lot of images that are actually gonna be surrounded by nature as well. And I'll come and show it to you, but I want you to be present. I want you to be happy, to be engaged. That's what you're actually gonna remember today, okay? Can you promise me that? And she's like, yes, Pi, I'm gonna relax. And then I brought her the photograph a little bit later where I created some detail shots that kind of use a little more of the florals and those things. She's like.

that's beautiful, that's amazing, thank you so much, you're the best. So this idea of frame control works in any one of these situations where you can display authority but also warmth. Anytime you feel like you're losing control, we're going to come back to this space. Okay, now one of the comments as we are kind of recording this is, well what if a person does say that it's out of their price range, right? So like we talked about this, give the dog their bone. Like I said, if they have an objection to the price, then that's fine.

Like if they say, oh, that is way too far out of my price range, where we go from here kind of depends on what the objection is, right? If their objection, let's say that my prices start at $3,000 and most of my clients spend around seven. And then they come back with the objection of like, oh, I thought this was gonna cost me like $1,000. They are so far underqualified that at that point, I'm simply gonna say, oh, you know what? Not a big deal. Sometimes, you know.

People don't know our prices when they reach out. But if at any point, you know, that changes, just let me know and I'd love to help you out further, okay? So just give them a bit of ideas, a bit of guidance. Well, you can literally close the conversation or you could also say, you know, in that price range, I might suggest this. And sometimes I'll say that, like, you know, in that price range, I might suggest that you jump onto Facebook, look for somebody that does good work, but they're kind of not established yet. And you might be able to kind of sneak a deal in there. But yeah, that's a bit below.

where we'd be looking at. Now that's if they're way way underpriced right? If they say okay I was kind of thinking around something around the four to five thousand dollar range, I would say you know that's fantastic. Why don't we keep talking to actually figure out what it is you're looking for? We can come up with a complete price and you know even if you decide not to continue with me, I'd like you to be able to go and make these comparisons with all of the information at hand. Okay a lot of times we think we're comparing apples to apples when we look at photography and we're really really we're comparing

apples to oranges, how does that sound? Can we continue with this? And then you just continue the conversation. So depending on how underqualified they might be, a lot of people that are in the, you know, if they thought of, uh, it's going to be their initial budget with three or 4,000, a lot of people will double their budget if you can give them what they want, right? So, but if it's like five times what they budgeted, if it's like 10 times what they were budgeting, that's where I kind of just close the conversation off. Okay. So.

This is how we can come back to this fear or self-doubt of what if we lose control, okay? Now, I know you might be thinking like, well, what if this doesn't work, right? How do I create the right space, a safe space for this emotional sail? It'll work. If you're conveying authority with warmth, it works. And in the cases where, I've literally not had a case where this doesn't work, but I would say this, if someone's going to be that rude to you, if they're gonna just shut you down when you're trying to kind of guide them and move them.

forward, it's not a good fit anyway. It's not the type of client that you'd wanna be working with. So they're gonna reveal a lot about themselves in this process, but I will tell you, it works. Authority with warmth, it'll work each and every time, okay? 99% of the time, it works every time. All right, so let me just take a look and see if there's any other questions here that popped up. Do we refer to the mom of the, oh yes, Catherine asked, do we refer to the mom of the bride as mom? I don't see any.

issue with that, but I do actually learn, like usually when I first arrive, I call mom, mom, I call dad, dad, and then I ask them, tell me your names, and then I refer to their names afterwards. I much prefer that versus going throughout the day just calling them mom and dad. Okay, I think we covered the price stuff, so let's go now, so the mistakes we've addressed, when we fail to create the right emotional space for the sale, we've also failed in these other steps. We fail to understand what we're selling, we fail to understand their needs, their values, we fail to help them know.

that we're their advocate and we failed to establish value these are all things that we've we've solved at this point okay but remembering good sales is good curiosity one of the best ways to take your frame control back is by simply asking more questions okay so after somebody brings up some sort of an objection after somebody tries to steer the conversation a certain way it's okay to ask a question around that

Um, usually what I'll try to do is kind of like guide back to where I want to go. But in a certain case, if someone like continues to hammer price, after I've just mentioned the price, I would say, it sounds like price is a, as a major concern for you, um, tell me what, what's kind of on your mind there. Right. And then once they share what's on their mind, cause I already gave them a starting point. I already gave them like, say the, what clients typically spend. And they're like, but I want to know what it's going to cost. This very rarely happens by the way. So,

So I think a lot of times these fears in our heads, they're for these one-off scenarios that are so rare, but on occasion, they might happen. So first, don't worry about them so much. Second, when it does happen, I would say, well, it sounds like you're really fixated on price. Can you tell me a little bit more about that? And then they might say whatever they're gonna say, and I'll say, okay, I'm honestly not trying to withhold anything, but trying to give you the price right now without knowing what you're actually looking for is kind of a lot like you walking into a car dealership saying, I wanna buy a car, tell me how much.

and me going, well, what kind of car do you want? That's what we're here to figure out, is like, what kind of photography service are we creating here? I know it's wedding photography, or whatever your genre might be. I know it's maternity photography, but what exactly are we trying to create? That's what I wanna get to, and then from there, I can guide you into the perfect fit. Does that make you a little more comfortable? Can we continue? And then you get the permission again and keep moving forward. But this idea of slowing.

down, talking less. Remember the 80-20 rule, where 20%, like I want you to basically use your 20%, 20% is you speaking, right? And in that 20%, you're generally guiding the conversation with good questions, with acknowledgments, and you're listening 80% of the time. That's kind of the rule I generally want you to follow in these situations, or in really any sales situation. Honestly, this works for like any human situation too. You are in an argument with your partner, 20-80 rule.

It works totally, like ask questions, try to understand what's going on, let them do the talking if they are upset, and yes, that works. So look, you're here getting business guidance. We're gonna make you a better person across the board. All right, so let's go ahead and go to this next step. This, these, maybe you're wondering why I have you do these things. There's something that happens when you physically commit to something. Now, if you'd like to keep all your commitments in a little book.

by all means, but I want you to physically acknowledge this. I don't want you just to digitally sign this. Like, please don't load this into Adobe PDF and be like, I'm gonna digitally sign this. That's meaningless. What I want you to do is if you're gonna commit to this, commit to it in some sort of a way. If you don't wanna print the page, that's fine. Write out the statement and actually sign it, okay? But those things are meaningful because it's the physical process, the physical act that helps not only ingrain it in your mind, but actually creates something for you to commit to and an idea.

to remember. So your commitment here is to stop talking, to use the 80-20 rule and to exercise good curiosity and to remember this concept of frame control. The idea that you have the authority to guide the conversation where you want it to go and the person that actually stays quiet and asks good questions, they're the ones in control of the conversation. It's not the person that's talking the most. It's the person that's asking good questions and allowing the other person to speak. It's the person that's guiding this situation.

conversation. Okay, let's jump on to the next lesson.