I speak in a way that's less energetic and it's more relaxed. It just comes natural. The body language kind of, our voice mirrors the body language we create. And then as soon as I start kind of sitting forward and going to more of an active posture, I can lean in. I can get into our conversation and show I'm interested and actually engaged. I don't know why that is. I just know that it translates over the phone, it translates on a Zoom call, it translates in person. So I want you to maintain active body.

language. Okay, we've talked about this one quite a bit. Key technique number seven is to stop talking to remember the 80-20 rule. 20% of the time when you're talking you're primarily guiding the conversation and it's a little bit different when you get into a space where you're explaining something. In those moments you might talk more. Obviously in a lecture space like this, this is a space where you'd be talking the entire time, right? There are moments inside of a presentation where you might, on our presentation, moments in the

inside of a sales conversation where you might actually need to present some information. Don't beat yourself up for those moments. As we look at the conversation in a whole, you should be guiding the conversation and speaking around 20% of the time, leaving most of the room for them to describe things, okay? Technique number eight, I want you to actively listen. So this means that you are not only present, you're not thinking about the next thing you wanna say. This is what I mentioned earlier, and it's very difficult to actually do. It's.

It's very difficult to just stay in a moment, listen to what someone's saying without trying to think of what you wanna say next because we worry about those moments of silence, right? We don't want any silence that feels awkward to us. What I would say first is start learning to get comfortable with a bit of silence, like right now. It's okay for me to stop talking to let you digest something. I do that all the time in our lectures. I do that all the time.

do that all the time in our conversations, allow yourself to do that. And when you allow yourself to actually take a breath in between thoughts and ideas and to leave room for silence, you'll find that you can actually actively listen far better because you're not looking for the next thing to actually say. There's nothing more frustrating in a conversation than for me to not only have that conversation but to observe it, right? I've observed a lot of sales conversations and what I'll hear is the client will say something.

Like, I remember a recent sales call that I was giving feedback for, it was for my physical therapy business client, right? And I'm listening to the sales call and this woman goes, my daughter is in kind of a very difficult mental space right now because she's taken away from the sport that she loves. I want to know that like, she's working with somebody who can listen as well as give her physical therapy and guidance. And the person goes, oh, that's great. Yeah, you're really going to love our.

therapists so when do you think you would be able to that's not actively listening actively listening means that she would have engaged on that she would have said oh tell me more about that like what's it been like for her how when did you start noticing this oh what you're really gonna appreciate about this is that part of what our therapists do is is mental coaching mental guidance they've been there they've done this with a lot of different people and so that's gonna immediately help your daughter to

to feel better. So look for parts of the conversation that you can show understanding, that you can start mirroring and parroting back to them instead of just looking for the next thing to say. Okay, key technique number nine, carry authority with warmth. Without warmth, you come off as an arrogant asshole. Like seriously, there's a huge difference between this, okay? There's a big difference between me saying something like, let's say that example.

of mom coming up to me and saying that I need to go, you know, I should shoot these detail shots differently. If I said, mom, you hired me to be the photographer, let me do my thing, and you do your thing. I'm just a dick, okay? Versus, mom, I want you to relax. The one thing that you remember today is being present, being in the moment. I want that to come through in all the images that I create. I hear you on this, though. I'm gonna go create that shot with some florals. I'm gonna bring.

back for you to look at, but after that, I don't want you to worry about it, but if you do have good ideas, you come to me, okay? There's a huge difference in authority with warmth versus authority without. I want you to always carry the warmth with you, and that warmth comes in body language. It also comes in tone, right? It also comes in the specific words, obviously, that we say, too. Okay. Key technique number 10, you're going to look to serve. It's rare.

Rare are those that look to serve others, okay? If you're always acting in the best interest of your potential client, this is why advocacy is such a huge piece of what we're doing, right? If you're looking to serve, your ability to convert goes through the roof. If a client feels like you are their advocate, it goes through the roof, okay? So we want reasons why people buy. These are 10 concrete reasons why people buy. Now what I...

love for you to do is after like I'm encouraging each of you and I'm going to reiterate this quite a bit throughout the sales modules. I want you to be recording your sales conversations and I want you to go back to those at the end of the sales training. I'm going to give you a checklist and I want to see, did you check off each of these items? Now it's not important that at the beginning that you check off every single one. Okay. What's important is that after each call you can check off an additional box and we keep going until we can check all these items off. But these 10

This is your charm school. This is what John was saying, was like a lot of people don't inherently do these things. And if you simply do this in a sales call, like I mentioned earlier, you can mess up the entire close. You can mess up the discussion about like, like what were the services. You can mess up a lot of different things. If you do these steps, you're gonna close. You're gonna get the job, okay? More likely than not, you will get it still. And that's where I kind of.

I tell each of you, look, just because you flubbed a certain part of a sales call, doesn't mean that you didn't succeed. It doesn't mean that you aren't getting better at this. Like, if you're doing these steps, you're on the way. Okay, someone asked, by the way, do you record or do you ask permission to record the sales call? If it's on Zoom, I actually don't ask permission because what I do is I start the recording before the conversation begins. Or you can even start it like at the, you know.

I like being the first person in the room, so I generally join at five minutes early, and then I start the recording right then, right? So what you'll hear right now, if I press the record button, recording in progress, is that. So as soon as you join a room, as soon as you join a room where somebody is recording, it says that, right? And if they have an objection to it, they're gonna bring it up. They're gonna say, oh, I didn't know you'd be recording this. And you say, oh yeah, I like to record this just for training and education purposes. But if there's any issue, just let me know.

And they'll say, oh yeah, I'd prefer if this wasn't recorded or oh yeah, no problem. Eight out of 10, nine out of 10 clients will say, oh no problem. On occasion, somebody will say, oh yeah, I prefer not to be recorded. But you start the recording at the beginning and then when they enter, they get told that and then they have their, that's literally the legalese essentially of what Zoom is doing is it's giving everybody a heads up, right, that it's being recorded so they are aware. Okay, so as far as these go, like I said, I've distilled all this from.

a lot of different experience and education. If you wanna go deeper into this, this is my list of, my book of, my book, my book list for sales, charisma, and persuasion. And I kind of put these in my order of favorites, okay? So Charisma Myth is at the top. Honestly, I relate to Charisma Myth. It feels like a modern, more tactical version of how to win friends and influence people, which is why, like, I kind of put this one down on this. I still think that that's a classic book. It's still great. But the two that probably made the biggest.

this impact for me are these two. And then How to Win Friends, Never Split the Difference is fantastic. It's a book about how compromise is not really a good solution for anybody. Presence with Amy Cuddy, it's very much a charisma book. All these are fantastic books, but these first two are killers, okay? So if you wanna dive deeper, here's kind of a list of favorites to go to. All right, let's jump to the next lesson.