Okay, we're gonna hit another mindset hurdle right now. There is this fear or self-doubt. Something that I hear often is kind of this idea of like what if the other person takes control of the conversation? What if they just wanna know about my price? What if they don't give me the space to talk about their values? What if I lose control, okay? This is what I wanna address in this lesson right here and the first concept that we're gonna do to discuss this

the idea of frames, okay? Frames is, think of the word frame as a, well, I'm gonna describe what it is. It's just a word that people have assigned to kind of describe this idea of having control within a specific situation, okay? So what we're talking about is frame control. Now, I don't know if there's, I'm sure there's a million other terms for this, but in sales, it's often referred to as frame control. And the place where, I remember.

learning about frame control was actually from Oren Kloff. He wrote this book I think it's called Pitch Anything and in it he talks about this example of the French waiter. Okay and the idea there's this part in the book where basically if you imagine Oren kind of goes into a fancy restaurant there's this French waiter there and Oren asks for a particular wine he's like oh I'd like to to have this kind of wine it's not on the menu but is this something that you offer right and the waiter responds with something like

No, monsieur, I need to do this in a French accent. Okay, no, monsieur, that is not possible. That is not what we do here. I will bring you something better. Was that, I think that was, that might've been more German, let's be honest. I'd like you to tell me. Maybe you can jump in the group and let me know. Anyway, we know it was terrible. But look, imagine the waiter basically saying that to you, right? And it's kind of, if you take it out of context, it's kind of offensive almost, right? I mean, you're the customer.

and here's this person saying like no that's not possible when we're told like okay we should be saying yes always to our clients and here's this person saying no that's not possible that's not what we do here yet in the context of that restaurant and with that waiters authority or was like I was totally okay with it in fact I kind of welcomed it because this person's the expert and they're gonna guide me to something better this is the idea or the concept of frame control

What's really interesting about these frames is that inside of that restaurant, right, the French waiter would have all of this authority, all this power, his knowledge of all the different wines and the different pairings, it matters, it's meaningful. He has authority in that space. But if you take the person outside of this space, then their authority is meaningless. Like, who cares? If I go to, you know, if I'm talking to...

a high school athlete, would he at all care that I am a Somalier and that I know all these different wine pairings? No. If I'm speaking in front of a group of people that want to learn business, does the French waiter's experience hold any water whatsoever? No. So inside of specific areas, you can have frame control, you can have authority, and then outside of those spaces, you really have none, right? And that's the beauty of this concept of frame control.

is even if you think of yourself as well I'm not very extroverted, I actually tend to be more introverted and that's actually true for me, I am more introverted, but within certain spaces if I'm talking to somebody about marketing, if I'm talking to somebody about business, if I'm talking to somebody about photography, I personally, myself, I can be very outgoing and very extroverted because I have frame control, I have a certain level of authority in that space and so it gives me a level of confidence that I wouldn't normally

have otherwise, and I want you to think of yourself as that. Within the realm of photography, you are the authority. You have frame control, right? And that means that you have the ability to guide. You have the ability to basically maintain this frame by speaking less than the other person, by asking great questions, so you're kind of guiding the conversation, by listening intently, by using authority and warmth within that frame, within that authority, or sorry, within the frame control.

The reason why I say this, by the way, is because authority without warmth, you just come across like a dick, okay? If you have authority, but there's no warmth that comes along with it, you know, people have labels for that. You're not a nice person. So you're gonna be labeled that thing. So we need to make sure that there's always warmth with the authority. And then also you maintain this frame control by developing trust, you are their advocate. And that's exactly what the French waiter was doing in that situation. It wasn't that he was so much as saying like, you know.

that's a terrible choice, no I can't do that for you, he was saying like well that's not gonna be something that's possible, but look I I know best and I know exactly what you're gonna want, let me bring you something better, let's figure out what you're gonna eat, and then I'm gonna pair it with something that you'd very much enjoy, and you can do that exact same thing inside of the space of photography, okay, so this is the idea, the concept of frame control, so I know the question is like well but what essentially do you say when someone is fixated

when they just want the price right and the reason why we're discussing all of this the idea of frame control again goes back to that fear and that self-doubt of losing control so we go back to this well what if they just talk about the price just the price the price we keep it simple when someone has price on their mind think of it like a dog that's trying to get a bone right if you take that bone away the dog is going to get mad it's going to try to bite you so what we do is we give the dog the bone

And in this situation, I want you to give the human the bone, okay? They wanna talk about price, so I want you to simply give it to them. I like doing it in a way where I can say, look, I know figuring out price is something that's kind of frustrating. People probably tell you that they don't wanna talk prices until they walk you through this whole thing. Is that the experience you've had? And they're like, yes. And I go, okay, I'm gonna make this very simple for you. My prices start at this, and most of my clients are gonna spend around this on their.

package, but I'd love to learn more about what you specifically are looking for. And if I find that we're not a good fit, at least I might be able to help recommend somebody who is. So why don't we dive into this? Then when they agree with that statement, they're transferring back frame control to you. So each of those moments where you feel like somebody else is, uh, is kind of taking over a situation. They're basically trying to kind of take this frame control from.

They're trying to kind of take away your authority and what I want you to do is to reestablish it. In the case of price, we can't reestablish it by just saying, Oh, you know, wait a little bit. We'll talk about price in a bit. We can't do that. That's going to get them frustrated. It's going to be, it's an anti-consumer mentality to be like, I just asked you a question and you're refusing to answer my question. That's going to just lead to frustration. So we don't withhold. We simply give them that thing. And then we say, look, I'd love to continue.

and if they have an objection to it, they will let us know. If they say, oh, no, those prices are just way too high, they're gonna say something, right? But if they agree to continue, then that means, well, okay, I can wrap my head around those prices. Let's continue the conversation. And that's what we're gonna do to get back our frame control. Okay. The same concept, by the way, applies to when you're at, say, a shoot, whether it's a wedding, whether it's a senior portrait session, whether it's maternity.

and your client might be freaking out about something. And just a little story for you guys. I remember, this is one of my early weddings that I was at. And I remember seeing it for the first time, my mentor did it, and then I remember it happening to me, and I literally responded the way that my mentor did. But I'll tell you about the mentor situation, right? This is one of the first high-end weddings that I'd photographed. I was third shooting for my mentor, John Solano, and a groom's...

No, it was the bride's father came out and said something along the lines and, and forgive my language, he says, uh, John, what the fuck are you doing? I'm not paying you to sit here and just take photos of everybody. That's the weirdest thing to say, right? Because you literally are paying him to take photos of everybody. But apparently in the dad's mind, he was taking too long with the bride and the groom and the family stuff. And so he comes out and he's upset and he says this, right? And John goes, Oh, dad, don't even.

worry about this. Like, I'm gonna be done in just a minute. I want you to go and relax. And I thought that was so interesting because dad did, he kind of like relaxed and then went and had a drink and just kind of came back and he was buddy-buddy with John the entire night. And I was like, that's fascinating. I'm gonna use this myself and I have. I had a situation that almost mirrored his several years later and I did the exact same thing. It was with a mother in that case and it worked so beautifully.

So anytime we're in a situation like this, we reassure and then we reestablish the frame control, right? So in my case, it's kind of like the mom was freaking out because I wasn't taking the right detail shots. I've had multiple freak outs, but one of the ones that's popping in my head was I wasn't taking the right sort of shoe shots, the right detail shots for her because I had placed the shoe shots on like a box and she's like, I want them surrounded by nature and all of that. And she was.