okay so last but not least once basic rapport and trust is established well what do we do next this is kind of our topic for the next module but basically once we've built rapport and created trust really we've already started to get somewhat into identifying their problem and need like i mentioned several of the questions you're gonna you're gonna get clues in there but then once we've established basic level trust and rapport we go right to the wave the wave is the process that we're going to hit in the next module some of our members thomas calls it the magic

booking tool. It's not magical, it's just a psychological sales framework that I created to basically help our sales people in our studio get consistent results with sales. Because what we noticed was that if someone was inherently decent with sales, if they had charisma, they could close, right? But for the average person that didn't have these tools, they couldn't. And they also couldn't figure out what the client was actually wanting. So what we'd end up doing is we'd go and do a shoot.

and we'd come back, we'd have great photos, they'd look magical, they'd look awesome, but then a client might, every now and then, go, I don't like the photos. And we'd go, that's so weird, they're technically accurate, this is like 15 years ago, right? These photos are technically beautiful, there's bokeh, there's beautiful color, there's all this stuff, but they didn't like them. And so I designed this process to uncover what somebody values, right? And then once we understand what they value, we know exactly what type of images to create. So that process will not only help you to identify their problems.

needs, it's gonna help you to actually become a better photographer in the process. And it's also gonna set up the next keys of how do we develop the value proposition, which is basically the package we're gonna push to them. Not push, that's the wrong word. Package we're gonna promote or whatever we're gonna offer. And then how do we present how that solution is a good fit for those needs, the things that they bring up, right? So it's gonna guide the entire way that we finish out the sales conversation going all the way through to the close. When we get to the wave, that's where I say,

I want you to learn this process. I want you to master the wave. The specifics of the words, you can change. You can flip-flop. If you guys have watched me and you will see me do wave role plays, when you watch me do a role play, I'm not saying the exact same words every time, but I am following the same steps each time, okay? So that's where I want you to follow the steps, like understand it, internalize it, and then make it yours, essentially. But this is where we're gonna go deep into that. So, we're.

We're going to end for now, jump to the next module when you are ready.