Just a quick review and kind of recap of what we covered so far, okay? So we think that clients hire us, and this is not now, because now you've already changed this mindset, but we used to think that clients hire us because of our professional gear, because we offer professional product, we have good lighting technical skills, a studio, a real business, and we know now that these are just expectations, okay? When we're selling a luxury product, all of these so-called features are really just expectations.

Expectations of the service and in reality clients are looking to us. They're looking to you specifically because they like you They trust you because they resonate with your values because they believe you can deliver because they find value in your price point. Okay? Interestingly, we had a new member kind of joined in Alessandra who joined in just for this little in between this little filming spot and One of the things that I asked was was why did you decide to join and it was again? Well, he mentioned something about resonating with the way that

might teach or the values. This is why the expectation that the education is good is already there. If my education were not good, you simply wouldn't join the program. Nobody would, right? So somebody joins something, somebody hires somebody because of these things, not because of these inherent features. I could talk all day long about how good my education is. That would not convince you. What would convince you is seeing other people's results and then being able to resonate with who I am as.

as a person. That's what I want you to carry to each one of your sales conversations. So what I want you to do is as you approach your sales conversations, remembering this idea of good sales is just good curiosity, okay? Sales is uncovering someone's needs and values and then guiding them toward a meaningful solution. And we recognize that when we look at sales this way, sales is actually something that we would appreciate individually, right? We all know what a negative, what a bad sales experience it looks like. We don't want those.

But when I say, well, don't you want somebody, if you're buying a laptop, if you're buying an expensive stereo, if you're buying something nice, a car, don't you want someone to genuinely understand your needs and try to help you find the right solution for you? Every one of us would say, yes, that is something that I want. Okay, again, this is all just recap and review. And the reason it matters is because I need to take away the fear that we have with sales. We have this inherent fear in this process because of these negative experiences.

experiences, right? So we have to understand that true sales is understanding and relating to our clients. It's uncovering your clients' needs and values. It's being kind and empathetic, being their advocate. That's really number one over everything, being their advocate. It's helping your client find the ideal solution. And then we simply close by asking for value in exchange for value. And in total, sales is a value added experience, meaning sales when done well actually.

adds to the value of what you're charging. It adds the value of the service that you're delivering. It doesn't take away from it, okay? This little, this is my slice of pie, okay? Little slice of pie because people buy because they trust you as their advocate and they value your understandings of their needs. This is really what it is. And the funny thing is that you can actually kind of mess up a lot of the steps in the sales process as long as people feel this, that you're their advocate.

advocate and that you have their kind of their values, their needs in mind, that you're guiding them to the best solution as long as they feel that, as long as they know that they're still gonna buy despite having messed up many different steps in the process. So this is first and foremost, the biggest piece of the sales process and then understanding the refinements and how we can get better and better and improve our ability to convert is gonna come along the way. Okay, so where we are now in the sales process, we talked about the six step sales process. This

module is really focused on the first step. So we're talking all about building rapport, creating trust. We're going to get specific into this and there will be a little bit of crossover here into starting to identify the customer's problem and need. But most of this we're going to save for the next module when we cover the wave. When we cover the wave, we're going to be talking about basically the next two points. Okay, let's go ahead and jump on now to the next lesson.