avoid caloric consumption. It wants to avoid the loss of resources. My Persian accent just came out for one second. The vants too, that's my dad right there. But yeah, it wants to avoid this loss of resources. So it doesn't wanna give up time, it doesn't wanna give up money. This is what it's concerned about. And that's the, when we call somebody.

We have to think that the first mode that they're in is gonna be in this instinctual mode to want to get off the call, okay? So this is the first thing we have to get past. Then we have the neocortex. This is our reasoning center. It's the place of the brain that wants time to analyze. It wants to problem solve. Honestly, this is where we hang out most of our day.

Okay, it's where you are right now. You're you're in the neocortex. You're processing information. It's where you are when you work It's also where you are You're maybe in a mix of these two places when you're driving for example Because when you're driving that's part instinct part like analyzing and trying to you know Stay alive and not kill anybody in the process So the neocortex wants time for research comparison of data

point space to think and process and it's also the part that wants to negotiate debate and bargain. Okay then we have the limbic system or the midbrain. This is the emotional center of the brain and it's responsible for stories, for memories, for relationships and if you're wondering like well we're going to talk about that.

in a second actually. Your goals, number one, get past the croc brain. We need to show what's in this for a person when we speak to them, right? Number two, we kind of want to avoid the neocortex, like we don't want to ask questions that are overly complicated, we don't want to get them into this this place of higher reasoning. We want them, the goal number three, the main thing is to stay in the limbic system.

And the reason for this, the reason we need them to stay in the limit system is because if we're talking about a luxury sale, like if we're talking about selling a high ticket, a luxury product, what we're talking about is an emotional purchase, right? We don't generally need these items, we want these items, which means that it's mostly an emotional decision, paid for.

paired with some sort of kind of price rationale. So we want to hold people in this space where we can talk to them and get meaningful answers and see what they truly value. So truth bomb, this is your idea here that I kind of just shared. Luxury purchases, they just, they're not logical. Like you can try to justify, I know we do.

I know we try to find crazy ways, like my wife will be like, oh my God, I really want this purse. It's $2,000, but I really need this. Like, I need this, right? And my wife doesn't do that. What she does instead is like, I got a $2,000 purse for $100 off of eBay because it has a hole in it, and I'm just gonna fix it. And now I've got a purse that's worth.

$2,000, but I got it for a hundred, and I'm like, that's amazing, you rock. So anyway, we cannot make luxury purchases logical. They are always an emotional decision. And I say for the most part, because it's not as if price isn't some form of control. There is some thought to price. There are things that we want that we simply can't afford.

So there is some level of rational thought in there, but by and large a person doesn't want a Bentley because they're like Oh, I need this car I need my feet to be surrounded by Bentley fur which if you haven't felt it. It is like hmm I've never like the fact that it's on the floor in that car makes me

It makes me just like feel anxious but yeah you take off your shoes you just put your feet in the fur and it's incredible. Anyway, why does this all matter? It matters because so much of our frustration with sales is actually because we've created the wrong psychological space for the sale meaning what we end up doing is actually spending all of our time in this neocortex.

we're asking questions like about timeline, we're asking about details, we're asking about what do you look for in your photography, we're asking about all these different things which makes someone sit there in that space. Then when we get to price, we are surprised that they wanna negotiate or debate or bargain or compare. This is literally what we've queued them up to do.

When you're in that space, it's exactly what you want to do. You want time to compare, you want to say, oh, you know, let me talk to my wife, oh, you know, let me just go and figure this out. I'll call you back if I'm interested. That's what that portion of the brain wants, right? Okay, so we've created the wrong psychological space. What we need to be doing, what we want, is we want our clients to see the person

person behind the camera, right? Us. We want them to recognize that, hey, it's not just about their photography, it's not just about the money, it's not just about gear, photography technique, it's not, these are, and yet we spend most of our time talking about those things, but we want them to see the person, right? How many times have I seen this?

I've seen so many photographers hop online. I've seen big photographers hop online and then go you know photography is so much more than just the gear and the camera and Then two weeks later. I saw the same person put up a post. Why is photography expensive because it takes a significant investment in gear

here because we have to learn, because this is a trade skill, because we have business, we have overhead, we have computers, we have editing software. I kid you not, the same person said those two things two weeks apart, and I'm sitting here going, this makes absolutely no sense. We want the person to see us, and yet we don't.

We keep talking about the features, so let's talk about how to get away from this. If we made the three brains practical, if you can't get past the croc brain, this is because they see no value in what you're offering, meaning there's nothing in it for them, you only want to take, that's the way they perceive a scenario. Think telemarketer.

Keep them in the neocortex. They're gonna want time to think, to analyze, and to bargain over price. They're gonna want time to, they're gonna call you back. They're gonna say, I need to review the contract. They're gonna say all those things. They're gonna want to hold onto this. But if you keep them in the limbic system, they're gonna think about what they actually want and what they value, and they're gonna weigh that against the cost.

cost of what your service is, and that's what we want. We want them to understand us, what they want and what they value, the fact that we know what they want and value, and that we have a solution for it, and then last but not least, of course, price should be a consideration too. But we want it to be in that process.

So, making this more tactical, bad question examples. Do you have time right now? No, nobody has time right now. Are you busy? Yes, I am always busy. This is a croc-brain warning sign, okay? Do not ask that question. Bad example number two. Tell me about what you're looking for in your.

or newborn photography, or in your pet photography, or in your wedding photography. This will send them straight to the neocortex. They're thinking about their mood board, they're thinking about Pinterest, they're thinking about all their shot list, everything they want to get captured. Bad question example number three, can you tell me about your wedding day timeline? Oh my goodness, that is just stressful.

something that they're gonna have to hammer out they're gonna think about for a long time and ideally not with you that should be with a wedding planner that should be with someone else but that is a stressful question what's your budget how much you looking to spend nothing as little as possible like what what possible good answer can we get

from that aside from saying the neocortex still you're not gonna get good answers from this right our first big mistake in the sales process is failing to create the right emotional space and when we do this it's very likely that if we failed to create the correct emotional space we've also failed to understand what we're selling we've also failed to understand

and their needs and their values, we've also failed to help them feel like you're their advocate, and we failed to establish your value. Okay, so I want you to think about this before we go into the next module. How do you sell an emotional product through reason and logic?

you some funny and silly examples of this as we went through this, but I actually want, if there's a little bit of homework, to think about this. If you were selling a Bentley, is there anything that you could say reasonably and logically that would justify the half million dollar price? if you're

selling a $5,000 photography service? Logically, reasonably. Is there anything that you can say, any reason you can give, any logic you can give to justify that price? If the answer here is, it's hard to think of reason.

and logical arguments for an emotional product, then the first thing we need to be working on is steering our conversations. Our sales conversations need to be emotionally guided and stay in an emotional space. Not a manipulative space, but an emotional space.

We're gonna work through this as we go through each module. We're gonna get more and more tactical as we go. But for right now, I want you just to process kind of the mindset stuff that we discussed and then jump into the next lesson, or module in this case.