Welcome to step 12. We are launching right into the sales portion of the course now. So sales is basically gonna be from steps 12 through steps 15, okay? And the topics and pain points that we're gonna be addressing specifically in this module is a lot of mindset stuff. Like I need to...

help rewire the things that we've learned about sales, including like the actual definition of what good sales is. So we're going to talk about what is sales actually. We're going to talk about what you're really selling. We'll be talking about like, why do clients truly hire you? And a lot of this is to help us to stop talking about the things that don't matter.

Instead, emphasize our time with clients on the things that actually do matter. We're gonna talk about why clients don't necessarily value your pricing and what we're doing to basically create this environment where someone wants to negotiate with you. We'll be talking about establishing value and I'm gonna lay out also the correct order of sales. We're actually gonna do that pretty early on as well. We're gonna dive right in.

I've almost like right into that process. Okay, once again, this module, all of our modules are fast paced. Please pause, implement, repeat. Come back to this one as well. Like all of these modules are especially effective to say what I really like doing, right? Is saying, spend an hour a day on your education.

That's my goal for you, is that you spend an hour a day on your education. Now, while you're in this program and you're completing the program for the first time, I would love that hour to be focused on this, right? But even when you're completed with this program, spend an hour a day learning. And I would love for part of that time, it doesn't have to be all of it, but for part of that time to be reviewing things. Because what you're gonna...

to find is as you begin to implement the things that you're learning here, your second time through, or even your third time through, you're going to see things in a completely different lens. Okay. Sales is such a big area in that regard. When we try sales and we implement and we, you're going to make a massive,

difference in your business by just implementing what you're seeing here. When you come back to it for a second time or even a third time, you're going to be like, holy cow, I missed that. I missed that and I'm going to try this part too and you'll find an even bigger difference. So please come back for it. Um, pause implement and then repeat. Make sure that you have that, uh,

Part of each and every day is spent learning and absorbing new information, good quality information, and I'd love for this to be a part of that. Also remember between sessions, you have the mentorship group. That's a perfect place to ask questions, to seek advice, feedback, to share your wins, your aha moments, and as we're going to be talking about through the sales section, to also request a

a role play buddy, or even to ask and get feedback on a sales situation. Okay. All right, let's go ahead and dive now into the first lesson. Sales problems in a nutshell. I want you to think of this section of the program. So part three of this program, part one was building your business foundation, maybe

Making sure that we don't have this leaky bucket, right? We address, we figure out who we're speaking to, what we're offering, we design out our brand, we figure out our pricing, all the kind of product components to set up a proper brand. Step two was all marketing, right? Or not step two, part two of the program, step six through 11, that was all marketing. This was SEO, this was social media,

with how we're gonna get our voice out. Now as we go into part three, this is all sales. And I want you to think of this section of the program as basically a journey in and of itself. Each part of this program is, and I've said this before, each part of this program is basically a three or $4,000 program in and of themselves. The sales section,

That's why this is a $10,000 mentorship. That's why we kind of got the name from that, right? It's combining all these different steps into one thing. So think of the sales portion as another complete program in and of itself. One that I think is truly transformative on many, many levels and kind of a completely different.

journey from the one that you've just been on, okay? This journey of marketing, the journey of building out the brand. So, this is gonna be a new space, and the reason why I say that is, we have this primary issue, like most of us, okay? I'm gonna say more than 90% of us. When we're getting into this, I'm not saying each of you are having, you know, this major of an issue right now,

But in general, if I were to look at photographers that are building their businesses, most of them are gonna struggle to consistently convert quality leads into high-paying clients without offering discounts, without giving up positions, without negotiating. They're gonna have a hard time with that, right? And what we tend to think in this process is,

I tend to think that, well, it's because I'm an artist and I don't really like sales. I don't like the idea of selling or being sold to. I don't wanna use pushy or gross sales tactics. That's why I'm not selling as much. I'm introverted, so I'm not gonna be good at this process. Some of us might also think I'm already good at sales. That was actually me, and I'll talk about that in a minute.

But all of these misconceptions and self-limiting beliefs, we take into the sales process. And so it's why I say this is a completely new journey because when we actually go into the process of sales, we're gonna be uncovering a lot of misconceptions, a lot of self-limiting beliefs, and believe it or not, a lot of trauma.

Okay, a lot of these things, they actually stem from our own experiences, many of which were childhood experiences, some of them were young adult experiences, some of them were adult experiences. But they're basically experiences that have given us a negative perception of money, experiences that have given us negative perceptions about the sales process, experiences where we feel like someone cheated us, like they took from us.

and we bring all this, all these issues of potentially self-worth, we bring it into the sales environment. And so that's why this is not only a new journey, it's also why I'm gonna say on repeat that sales is very much a process of unlearning, okay? And the truth is, you don't need to be extroverted, you don't need to be.

be pushy. We don't need to use gross or high pressure tactics. When done correctly, I would say that sales doesn't actually feel like our definition of selling. Okay. It feels like a value added service. It feels like something that we actually want. I'm also going to give you one disclaimer.

to kind of preface all of this. What you're gonna learn throughout part three of this program, in the next series of modules, it's very powerful, okay? Using these tools to actually convince people to do things or to buy things that they don't want, that is straight up manipulation. It is not sales, it's gross, it's a violation.

and I want to I want you to always remember that my number one rule in sales is to be your clients advocate that's first and foremost be their advocate and that means if you can't deliver for this client that means that if you feel like they'd be better off with someone else that means if stylistically maybe you're not a good

fit as their advocate you're not trying to close the sale because you will be capable of it when you get good at these things you will be capable of closing any sale and it's up to you to decide whether it's appropriate or not okay that's gonna be the only disclaimer I'm gonna give you on this I want you to hold

that in your minds and remember it. I also want to state this, there's a difference between learning this and living it, okay? Knowing how something works, it's relatively easy, okay? You can know how something works by reading a book and really trying to understand it, maybe reading it twice, three times. You can know how something works by going to school. But there's a...

a complete difference in studying on how to build a business versus actually building a business. There's a huge difference in understanding the sales process and actually being good at the sales process, okay? So I want you to understand that. You're gonna learn this stuff very quickly.

And then when you get into an actual role-play or a sales scenario, it's gonna all go to crap. You're gonna be like, what just happened right now? I did not do anything that I should have done. I want you to bear with yourself, give yourself some patience, some grace in those moments, and remember that there's a difference between learning something versus living it. Learning it is relatively.

quick, living it's gonna take some time and some practice. But I also wanna give you a bit of light at the end of the tunnel, okay? We have way too many of these for me to screenshot and show all of these, but Ning's was a funny one because Ning was a friend of mine, or he is a friend of mine, I talk about him like he's not a friend of mine anymore. No, Ning's a good friend of mine. He joined the program, he paid full price. He actually texted me, he's like, I'm thinking about joining your program.

Cool dude, but just know I'm not giving you a discount. He's like, no, I would never ask. I'm gonna join the program. And by the way, the reason I do that is not to be a dick. The reason I do that is because if I make it cheaper, if I incentivize, then it takes away someone's commitment to actually doing the program, right? You do the program because you committed a good amount of money to it. And so that's what makes it work. So a few weeks.

into the program he completes the sales module because most of you know from the intro I say if you already have an existing business I want you to go straight to the sales modules because that's where I can change your business almost overnight. So within a few weeks he completes the sales portion, he applies what he learns to actually going into a commercial booking and he turns this

what would have been like an eight or $10,000 job into a $47,000 check. And he's like, dude, this is like a, what, 24, 25 time return on my investment in this program. And then he basically quit the program. He was like, I got what I needed, now I'm done. I'm like, Ning, we have so much more to do. Like, let's keep going. Anyway, my point is when you...

learn the sales process, you're going to unlock something very special. Most people, most people do not know how to connect with another human being. They do not know how to understand someone else's values. They don't know how to actually empathize. They don't know how to create a solution to someone else's problem. That's what I'm teaching you throughout this section of the program.

And when you learn this process, and when you get good at it, you'll realize, oh my goodness, a $5,000 check now becomes a $10,000 check, a $2,000 check becomes a $5,000 check, or potentially what was a $10,000 client becomes a $50,000 client, because you're looking for opportunities to soar.

and you're truly trying to understand and solve problems. Okay. So don't think that like what Ning's not doing in this is he didn't take a $7,000 product and market up to $47,000. That's not what sales is. That is again, manipulation. And that is again, the wrong thing. What he's actually doing and what we're doing in these situations is spending time.

to understand someone's problem and then go, hey, I noticed that you're not doing this on on this side. I think there's an opportunity here. What do you think about this? What do you also think about this? And so what we're doing is building other pieces into this after understanding the problem set, right? After working to understand what it is that they need, what are their goals.

all of that, then we start building up something bigger and that's where you land on something like this. I wanna clarify that because sometimes we could think like, oh, being good at sales means that you sell something worth $2,000 but you sell it for $10,000. I'm like, no, that's just stealing in a legal form, okay? All right, so we got that. Now let's go on to the next lesson.

about one of the lowest hanging fruits before we dive into it. So an urgent low-hanging fruit is going to be fixing your website and then understanding the sales process. I want to get this one right away. I moved this lesson right to basically the front of this because you'll notice that this entire module, step 12.

It contains a lot of pieces where if you just start doing these things You're gonna immediately see a massive difference in both your conversions and also the booking rate So the cool thing about moving through steps 12 through 15 is we don't have to master all of it to start seeing major improvements and increase in revenue and bookings, right the

The low-hanging fruit, it refers to anything, strategies that are basically easy to implement and have a significant impact on your business, okay? The low-hanging fruit here is we do not display full pricing. Remember, this is from step five. I think we talked about it as early as step three. We've talked about this quite a bit, right? We do not display full pricing on the website.

That doesn't mean that you deceive them. It means that we include a little bit of information, you know, prices start at most clients typically spend, right? The reason why is because when we place full pricing up front, we're training a potential client to basically compare us solely based on price. We're telling them, look, this is everything you need. You see my work. You don't need to talk to me.

you see the price, go in and make your decision, right? And then we wonder why, when we get online and we're like, hey, when you hire a photographer, it's not just about the imagery, it's also about the person behind the camera, and we wonder why people don't get that message. It's because our sales process is literally training them out of that message.

So, what we're gonna do is qualify those prices, meaning that's the prices start at and then clients typically spend, and then everything we do is gonna work to get them on the phone. Now, I realize that some of you are gonna be uncomfortable with phone calls. I wanna help you to build comfort around that because the phone

is gonna be the best place to close. I'm not an absolutist in the sense of like, I do believe that you can convert people through say direct message, through say email. The problem is, is that the conversion percentage is so much lower. So if we are talking about a situation where we have.

hundreds of leads, and you can't call them all, by all means, let's start sending emails, let's send out direct messages, let's find another way to communicate that's more efficient, knowing that we're gonna see a huge fall off in response rate. Most of us are not in that position, right? Most of us are not dealing with the problem of having hundreds of leads.

hundreds of leads. So to increase your conversion percentage to the max, to make sure that we're utilizing it and taking advantage of every lead we get, I'm pushing you towards the phone. I'm gonna help you to get comfortable with it if you're not already, okay? And if you are, if you do feel comfortable talking to people, don't worry, it's gonna get even easier. But like I said, you don't need to be extroverted.

Truthfully, I'm introverted, very introverted. And there's just moments where I have trained myself to basically be extroverted. Some of those moments are like now, like in front of a camera, or when I'm asked to lecture. But you put me into a room, like when we do our photography meetups, a lot of times you guys have probably recognized that one of the most uncommon...

comfortable things for me is when you guys talk about me, even when it's like praise. Like it makes me want to shut down and not talk. And in those environments, I tend to be more quiet. I tend to ask you guys to speak because I'm naturally introverted. So don't for a moment think that because Pye is a presenter that he's extroverted, I'm not, okay? And these types of things.

used to be just as uncomfortable for me until they got comfortable. And I want you to recognize that so you're not misjudging your own feelings in the moment. Okay, so all our goal is, is wherever we interact with somebody, let's get them onto the phone. And this is why. I wanna show you what the sales process should be.

Okay, this was developed by John Henry Patterson in the 1890s. I show this to you because I want you to recognize that this isn't anything new. I didn't make this up. This isn't like, no matter what salesperson or sales trainer says, like, oh, I innovated this new process. No, this has been around for a very long time. And before John Henry Patterson documented it, I'm sure it existed.

prior to, but he's the one that's known for creating this process. Okay. So it starts with basically identifying the customer's problem and need developing a value proposition, presenting how the solution fits, and then you close by making the ask. So this is the exchange of value for value. I would add two steps to this. Okay. Namely, because probably in the 1890s.

There weren't that many sales people around to like like worry about and relationship building was fairly easy back then Now there's so many more people so many more voices. And so let's build a rapport and create a bit of trust first Then we go through this process the four-step process and then we follow up with it or address objections or concerns Okay, because most

likely in today's age, people are a bit more discerning, they need a little more help and support to get there. Now anytime we present the price before we've done these steps, you're queuing yourself up to either lose the sale, be compared on price, or to have

someone negotiate. Let me say that again. Anytime you present the price before you've gone through these steps, in other words, when you present price before you've established value, you will very likely lose the sale. So we need to work through this process, develop the value proposition, show them how it fits.

then we speak about money. It's not about not disclosing, a lot of people are like, well, Pi, if I don't disclose pricing on my website, that's deceitful. And I'm like, dude, I'm telling you to put prices start at and clients typically spend. What more do they need to know before actually understanding what they're.

looking for? You don't know what they're looking for. You don't know what they want. What is the point of getting into an in-depth conversation about price when you don't know these things? Have y'all ever had someone come to you to start up a business? I don't know if anyone has had the experience, but I've had this experience so many times that it mirrors a sales process where someone will

come to me and say, hey, we should start a business on this. And then they'll talk about freaking ownership. We'll do it 50-50. We'll do it, you know, let's, and then a lot of times it'll become like a big long conversation about ownership. Like, oh, you're gonna get a third, you're gonna get third. And it's like, my guy.

Nothing exists yet. There is no business yet. Why are we spending all this time talking about this thing, as opposed to actually figuring out what we're going to be doing, and what are the different roles? And there's so much else to discuss before that piece, right? And in every one of those instances where someone brings that up,

before actually figuring out the important stuff, I've never done a business with those people. I've never created something with those individuals. It's the exact same thing here. Talking about money before we even know what somebody wants or needs is pointless. Okay, so your truth bomb for this, the best way to lose a sale is a.

Spend time discussing the price before you actually establish value, okay? Now, the objection, whatever objections they might have, I want you guys to all recognize this right now. An objection is not a no. An objection is not the end of the world. An objection is not that they don't value.

value your photography. They don't think that you're good. And all of those things that go into our head. You know, someone objects to our price and we immediately take it personally. Immediately go, oh, I must not be worth it. My work must not be good enough. An objection is simply a statement of their belief. It might be right, it might be wrong, but it's just a statement of their belief.

just a statement of belief. Now usually most price objections comes down to they believe that you're the same as somebody else that's offering it for less, okay? They believe that you are the same as someone offering it for less. Now whose problem is that?

In reality, whose problem is that? When someone objects on price because they believe that your product is the same as somebody else's, that's my problem. What have I done to set that up, that environment? Did I not create a good enough brand online? Is my imagery not high enough quality?

Did I not get them on the phone to discuss and establish value, to understand who they are and what they need? Whenever they have that belief, this illustrates I have a problem on my side. Now I got to identify where it is. But if you know it's not a problem on your side, then...

My favorite objection handler for any price objection like this whenever someone's making a comparison is very simple. Do you believe that hiring me you'll get the same thing that you would if you hired them? Or other way around, do you believe that if you hired them they deliver the same service that I would deliver?

Now, if they say yes, that points back to me. What did I do in this process to not establish value? But if they say no, then they've already justified your price, because they recognize that now. They recognize that what you do is not the same as everyone else's. So look, most objections, most.

Most calls for discounts, most things that occur in this space is because of that false belief or a belief that is similar to that. And what we're working to do in the sales process is simply undo those beliefs that they have. Help them to gain comfort of why they're doing this. But we have to establish value.

before we're doing this. We have to have to get there. Okay, we lose sales. If I were to make this simple, we lose sales because we didn't adequately establish value by failing to uncover their needs and their values, by feature selling instead of listening, by presenting the price before establishing value, or by

by talking too much, not giving space. If you were to simply make this change, meaning like if a person goes from displaying full pricing to simply saying price is starting at, and clients typically spend, and then they move everything to a phone conversation rather than email or rather than.

texting, if you do those two things without a single bit of additional training by itself, we're talking double the conversions, meaning you did nothing else. You don't even, you still don't know how to sell just those two changes by itself will add a minimum double conversions.

Okay, so your call to action playbook, in case these two things are not yet done, I need you, step one, make sure that the website has a pricing page, that is important, because people click pricing more than anything else. On it, it should have packages start at, clients typically spend, and then simply a contact form.

Then we get them onto the phone. Drive everyone to the phone. Whether it's your website calls to action, I want it to go contact form and then phone. If it's the about you page, go to the about you page and then to the phone. Like every single place that they click, they go from one page to another and then it drives them over to the contact page. We should always drive them to the phone.

If it's on your social bio and they click book me here, the link goes right to your contact form. If you're direct message them, engage and request their phone number, go straight to a phone call. And if they email you, for maybe like you send them a resource, right? Maybe they sign up for whatever resource, then that resource takes them to a contact form to get the.

resource, and then you give them a call. Everything is about getting them on the phone. If we do this, this raises your chance of booking so much higher. Like, we're not talking, if you're talking about DM conversions versus phone conversions, it's not a small number. We're talking seven, eight, nine times higher.

The only reason I didn't put an insane number here is because number one, probably wouldn't believe me. And number two, I didn't wanna go and look up a study to support this specific fact because I have a lot of studies that are gonna be wild and I'm like, I don't need to cite every single thing. So I'm just saying, look, at a minimum, this will have a 100% return, like 100% conversion boost. It's actually a lot.

a lot more and you'll see that as we go through, okay? So make this a commitment right now to get that because that is lowest hanging fruit number one. Okay, now let's go on to the next video. Now, we're gonna start to fix your mindset. This is gonna come with time. I don't expect any of you to be like, oh, I am suddenly that much more.

more confident, I do expect an improvement right away because it's gonna reframe the way that you're thinking about sales, but let the other piece of it come with a bit of time, okay? Give yourself some time to kind of process these mindset shifts. But I'm gonna ask this question. We have the benefit right now of actually filming this live. So those that are.

are actually watching this live, I'd love for you to answer this question in the chat. Don't worry, we don't do this often, and if you're not watching this live, there's no difference between taking this in. But I would also challenge you, if you're not watching this live, take this question and go into the Facebook group, and if you disagree with what I'm about to say, I'd like for you to share your...

your thoughts with me, okay? In the mentorship group. So bring it to the mentorship group. If you disagree with this, tell me. But the question is, how can you knowingly, meaning with some level of confidence, create a meaningful and lasting change in someone's life without a transaction? How can you knowingly create a meaningful?

and lasting change in someone's life without a transaction. Do any of you have any examples of this? Can you do this? Okay, now Beth said you can't. I'm gonna show you some people that would disagree with me. Marie said, I posted this question in our mastermind group a little while back.

not the mentorship group, but the free group. Marie said, you absolutely can. Think about your own positive experiences in a store, getting your work done on your home, your pet sitter, receiving care at a hospital. And then she goes, those though, typically involve a transaction. There are likely aspects that come along with the transaction that would have occurred without the.

exchange of money. For example, take a portrait session with a family of special needs child or family member with dementia. Patience by the photographer does not cost extra, but it would create a meaningful experience of the family. Now, the funny thing is, is that, or you, Pi, with the mastermind workshops, sure, I paid to join, but your teaching methods, your down-to-earth nature and your humor create even more value. So, what I said back was.

I'd kind of argue that you hit all my points on the head. Every one of those experiences and examples that you said, they had transactions there, right? Even what allows me to create free education for everybody are the transactions that actually support me. Because if I had none of that,

of those things, then there would be no ability to do that, right, if there were no support. Even when it comes to like receiving care at a hospital, how many transactions had to take place in order to build that building, in order to put people right there, right, to be able to provide care? Even if there's, I didn't say could you do something like that, I didn't say could you do something like this, I didn't say could you do something like that, I didn't say could you do something like that,

something meaningful without an exchange of money. Sometimes transactions involve money. Sometimes transactions are barter system. It's a trade of time, right? So a transaction can be different things. We're committing something to the process. A transaction is a commitment. It's a two-way.

commitment right let's look at this okay i believe it can it can also come in many forms a simple smile of act of kindness that gets passed on helping a homeless man buy a meal okay well helping a homeless man buy a meal involves a transaction there um and then the other idea here is well what about knowingly create

knowingly, confidently, and what about lasting? I can do one thing for somebody. Do you know how many times I've given a friend golden advice like advice that would literally change their lives and they did nothing with it? I can tell you that the number of times where someone actually did something is zero.

Okay, not like the number, I won't say zero because maybe they're behind the scenes learning something and they're doing something, but the amount of times that I know where like someone's like, Pi, dude, can you just help me out in this space? Like I offer basically free coaching. Zero.

Zero times has that been effective. I have more examples of this, okay? You can inspire them with empathy, honesty, and that's really the limit of what we can do without a form of transaction, right? The limit of what we can do without a form of transaction is inspire. But the choice to make a decision, the choice to create meaningful change.

is on them. And even our ability to inspire them is very likely to require some sort of transaction either past or present. Meaning, if I don't have the ability to support myself to be able to do this, then I can't inspire for very long, right? So.

the idea how can you inspire them without their honest commitment to listen and to be present. What I want you to recognize is that the reason we can create meaningful change is through generally a transaction. I'm not again I'm not going to be an absolutist and say in every single case but I am going to say that in general if you want to confidently know

That this is gonna make a lasting and meaningful change. There has to be some sort of two-way commitment for our two-way commitments When you're talking to a stranger, we generally are using money, right? The only reason we're using money for these transactions is because it's the easiest form to actually create a mutual commitment but

In the past, it wasn't money. In the past, it was furs or time, and you still do this. You know, I'll clean your teeth if you wanna take some photos for me, right? We do this constantly. But we have to have a mutual commitment in order to create lasting and meaningful change. One of the best examples of this.

Well, we won't even go there. I'm not going to go there. Let's just... Okay, someone said, let's see, Meredith said, by giving your photos to those you love unconditionally. Yeah. And then you can hope. You can give your photos to somebody and then hope. Right? But you're not knowingly creating meaningful change.

Okay, the reason why I spend time here, because I posted this poll in the group, in the mastermind group. Does selling bother you? Does it bother you that I'm here to sell you on our education and mentorship program? Be brutally honest, pick your answer. 36% said yes.

it makes me a bit uneasy. 100% said, sorry, 9% said 100%, that thought makes me honestly uncomfortable. 45% said, not really, I know how the world works, everyone's trying to sell something. And 10% said, no, I love selling and being sold when it's done right. I wanted 90% to be in this last one.

But, what it told me was that 45% of us just straight up fear sales and being sold to. 90% of us don't actually understand the nature of sales. 10% of us know the nature of sales and that's why they appreciate it when it's done well.

Share this with you because if we understand that meaningful change requires a transaction, then we should stop demonizing sales. And I don't care if you demonize it out loud, I don't care if it's in your head, but it has to stop. There's nothing wrong with sales. In fact, sales is a beautiful.

beautiful thing when you fall into this group of you appreciate it when it's done right. This is why we hate sales. A good person can sell a ketchup popsicle to a woman in white gloves. This was from Chris Farley and Tommy Boy, one of my favorite movies. This is our general idea of sales, isn't it?

a ketchup popsicle something gross something that nobody would want to a woman in white gloves the last person that would want that thing that's what we think sales is it's the used car sales person that tries to push us into a car that gets us to pay too much and i get it that's what we think sales is because all of us have had so many

negative experiences in that kind of arena, right? But actual sales is this. Zig Ziglar said, sales is uncovering the need, manipulation is creating it. That's why I gave you the disclaimer. Sales is simply uncovering someone's need and looking to find a solution for them.

In fact, I would argue that you're selling in just any form of conversation with someone where you're trying to convince someone to do anything. Maybe it's to go out for dinner with your wife, with your husband, with your partner. Maybe it's where the kids should...

put their time in their activities, which activity they should do. I want the kids to do jiu-jitsu. I'm selling the idea of it to my wife. Why this is a good thing. Why there's a need there. Sales is everywhere. I want you to start undoing.

your old definition of it. Because if we made it more simple, sales is good curiosity. I would say good sales is good curiosity, okay? That's it. Why this matters is because we fear sales because of these negative experiences. When we stop fearing the process,

We can start to recognize that actual selling true sales is understanding and relating to your client, uncovering their needs and values, being a kind and empathetic advocate, this is our number one, helping your clients find a solution, then you're simply closing by asking for value in exchange for value. The money is just because this.

This is the easiest thing to do because how are we going to use any other form to transact this? I don't think that's a verb, but that's okay. How are we going to do that? Am I going to give you a $10,000 package and say, what we'll do is your family will just come over to my place to do my laundry for the

next four years. There's nothing else that makes sense, so we use money. Money is not inherently good, it is not inherently bad, it is simply kinetic energy, and I'll speak on that in just a moment, but it is simply energy. And sales, when we do these things, can any of you say that you don't want this?

If someone were to step in, be genuine, and actually understand who you are, and help to solve your problems, and do that in exchange for some money, would that not be a value-added service that you would want? I think most of us would agree to that, right? But this fear of sales, what it's done is inadvertently trained you to design.

in a sales process that literally pushes people away. It's why we don't think about making that contact form easier to find. It's why we don't think about, you know, getting on the phone with everybody that might be interested. We're so afraid of this idea that we're actually designing things into our systems that are pushing people away.

not to mention when we do actually get on the phone call, then we continue the process of pushing them away by talking about the wrong things. What I'm gonna share with you has been learned over the last 20 years, okay? This sales training is kind of combined from my 20 years of experience. We have now passed, Liningers has passed $30 million of revenue collected. So this isn't from education.

education. This is from client paying work over the last 15 plus years. All of this comes from that. Okay. And, uh, and I'm going to say this, I've by the way, I didn't put this together myself. I learned from books. I learned from going to courses and all that. Um, I will say this, the process that you're going to learn in this,

The sales process, the psychology behind this is pretty concrete, okay? This stuff is pretty well-defined, but I would say that it's your job to take the specifics of it, of the exact words that you're saying, and make these yours, okay? Bring your personality in this process. What I want you to understand

is that the process or the psychology of this though is firm. The details is the flexible portion that rely on your personality. The mistake that everybody makes when they step into the sales process is they learn it and then they change it all before they've actually mastered it. So they try to bring their personality into the sales process.

Immediately, like, oh, I wouldn't do that. Oh, I'm going to change this. Oh, you asked for the close on the phone. I wouldn't do that. I'm going to ask for the close in an email. Oh, you do this. I'm going to, I'm going to change. I want you to understand to master this process first, then work to make it yours. Okay. And know that the process and the psychology

of this is pretty set in stone and what that means is it doesn't mean that what I'm giving you inside this entire framework, it doesn't mean that you can't do something another way. What I've done is I've created a framework that maximizes conversions, okay? What that means is you get one lead, I'm going to give you the best chance to convert.

convert that one lead. You get 10 leads, I'm gonna give you the best chance. We're gonna make it 80%, 90% chance of closing those 10 leads. But that's under the assumption that for most photographers, their primary bottleneck is gonna be getting more leads, right? If you're somebody who gets thousands of leads,

then you can choose to say I know the phone is going to be best for conversion but it's simply not feasible because of the number of people coming in. So what I'm going to do instead is I'm going to send them to a setting page where I have a video that explains my process and then those that are interested are going to continue.

you to an actual phone console. Now, is that going to yield the highest conversion rate? No. What it's going to do is actually filter people and lower the number of people that make it to the phone so that I spend less time talking to people that are more qualified. So, I want you to understand the intent behind this process and why.

I had set up this way so that you go, if I don't want to call people, then I'd simply need you to say, okay, if you don't want to call people, then you need to figure out a way to generate 10 times more leads. Your, your booking rate is going to drop by 10 X. So rather than out of, out of a hundred people, if you would have spoken to each one of them, you would have booked 80.

Now you're going from 80 down to 10 people, if you're gonna only speak via email, right? So you need to do eight times more work to get back to 80 leads if you wanna get the same amount of revenue. That's what I want you all to understand this process. Okay. I wanna share with you my ugly truth too. I mentioned to you.

that I was closing early on in my career I was closing and I thought I was really good at sales this is like 17 years ago and then my business partner Justin sat in one of my meetings and he just like he kept giving me the eye the entire time and I remember afterwards he just laid into me he's like why did you you presented the price

And then right afterwards, you said, you know, but if there's a problem, we can do something about that. I was like, this is gonna be $4,000, but if you have any issues, just let me know. And he's like, why did you do that? They immediately just asked for a discount and then you gave them a discount. Why did you do that? And he's like, how come you're talking about the camera the whole time? He gave me so much critique afterwards.

I'll be honest, I was a little bit defensive at first, because I was like, dude, I'm closing. He's like, you're closing because these people are already sold. They saw our stuff. They're already ready to go. Those are the people you're selling. Then, as I started actually diving into sales and learning the process, I was like, dude, I'm lost.

really bad at this. So I was closing sales for about a year or two before I realized how bad I was. And this is kind of illustrative of the Dunning-Kruger effect. The less you know about something, the more that you think you do. And then as you learn more about that thing, you start like losing confidence in it until it eventually kind of goes up. But anyway, a lot of us might.

be in that position. And the reality is that, is really this, I don't know if you've seen this quote, this is one of my favorite from Simpsons way back, but he's like, I've seen teams suck before, but they were the suckiest bunch of sucks that ever sucked. It was one of my favorite lines. But look, the reality is that most of us just are not good at sales. We're all, it's like what I say about jujitsu.

When everybody, anybody at Jujitsu that's getting worried about like, oh, my belt, or I'm not good enough, I'm like, dude, we all just suck at varying different degrees, okay? There's always gonna be someone that's a lot better, there's gonna be someone that's a lot worse, and this is the exact same thing in the sales process. Having never studied it, I was not good at it. I was good at closing people who were already sold.

And I see this a lot among photographers. And what I wanna do throughout this process is take you from someone that can close the person that's already sold and maybe get them into a package that's bigger, that solves more of their wants, more of their needs, so we can upsell them into something bigger, and that's great. And then for the people that aren't sold, you can help them to make the right decision.

for themselves and hopefully most of the time that decision is booking you, okay? The tough truth bomb which I mentioned is that this is gonna be as much of a learning process as it is an unlearning process and a process where we resolve emotional baggage, okay? So I'm gonna give you that reminder again of learning and living. These are two separate things we have to.

practice both as we go. Vince Lombardi had this beautiful quote, famous quote, he said, practice does not make perfect, only perfect practice makes perfect. Because if you practice something incorrectly, then you're just gonna get really good at doing it wrong. So I would say most of us are pretty much experts at being not good salespeople. We're really good at that. So let's.

Let's kind of first unlearn, and I'm actually going to give you some small little kind of mindset exercise in this process for the first few lessons. So I want you to let go of these bad habits, these self-limiting beliefs. We're going to prepare kind of for this mindset of growth and abundance. I know that mindset and, you know, growth and abundance, these have become like almost these...

fruity cliche terms that just get thrown around a lot. There's a lot of truth to them though. There's a lot of truth to having a mind of gratitude, to having a mindset of growth, to believing that you can have abundance in your life. There's a lot of truth to that. And so I'm not going to go into the depth of it. I don't feel like we need to.

to get it throughout the program of this course or throughout this section of the course. But I will say this, most of us have money fears. We have fears around having it. We have fears around asking for it. We have fears around giving it up. That's a crazy one. We hoard it, because we're like, what if I can't make more, right? These are things that we.

we need to undo, because how are you gonna genuinely ask somebody to give up their money if you A, have a hard time asking for it, and B, if you wouldn't do it yourself? If you wouldn't give up your money for the service that you're offering, there's something disingenuous about that then, is there? Right?

So we need to create something that we ourselves would pay for. Okay. So your first step, we need to stop fearing sales and money. We need to learn to love it within reason. We don't need to worship it, but we need to appreciate what it is because it's exactly how you're gonna bring about meaningful change to your clients' lives. And if you're wondering, like, how did I drive to this point?

draw those dots, it's this. You want to go out and create images that are transformative for your clients, right? I don't think there's anybody here that would disagree with that. You wanna create images that they hang in their home. You wanna create images that bring them happiness. The only way for you to do that consistently is to be paid for it. The only way for you to be able to consistently.

devote your time, your energy to this thing, is for someone to be able to make an exchange that allows you to keep your lights on, allows you to support your family, allows you to put a roof over your heads, okay? You can't do this without the exchange of money. I think most of you, I know most of you already know this, but I also know that you have to do it.

haven't accepted it. We live in a very beautiful time right now, okay? I don't know if you've ever paused to think about this, but since we're talking mindset, I think this is appropriate to talk about for one moment. A hundred years back, a person had to, maybe let's go 200 years back, a person had to sustain themselves. You needed to be able to build your home, you needed to be able to have a family. You needed to be able to have a job. You needed to be able to have a family. You needed to be able to have a job.

You need to be able to work the land. You need to be able to do all these things to be able to sustain yourselves, right? Now we live in this environment where we've gotten to this place that's very unique in time. It's a time where basically I can specialize in one specific thing down to a very nitty gritty detail. Something that's

not even necessary for life right something that could be a I could make music I can make art I could focus on one specific thing and we can use this economic system that we developed to actually exchange services oh well I do enjoy farming or I do enjoy this but I love listening to music while I do it oh I do really enjoy accounting

I hated accounting, but some people do actually enjoy it. I've met those people. I don't like them. But there's a lot of people that really love accounting and they still want to be entertained and they still want to, you know, have things that go to the comedy club. They still want to do all those things. And so each of us can specialize in these things that are meaningful to us individually. And then we use money to exchange to say, I'm putting my-

energy here, you're putting your energy there, we'll exchange this form of kinetic energy to allow each other to do what the other person likes doing. I don't know if this system's gonna last forever. Be grateful for while it is here, because in 50 years, who knows? Maybe we all go back to like, okay.

We got to figure out how to provide for ourselves again. This whole experiment didn't work, but right now that's the way that I want you to think about money. It's kinetic energy. Spending money demonstrates that you commit to something that you value. Earning money demonstrates that you can, what did I say? Earning money creates a commitment to provide. Okay.

Earning money is you providing value and the other person's spending is showing that they actually appreciate the thing that you're creating. That's it, okay? Whether you're asking for a lot of it, whether you're asking for a little of it, it doesn't matter. This is ultimately what it is and I want you all to get comfortable asking for a lot of it. It's not because...

we should be trying to screw people over. It's not because you know that we're trying to make as much money as possible. This is not a space like if you want to make as much money as possible you should be in finance. You should be in finance, you should be a banker, you should be one of those areas where you could make hundreds of millions of dollars. This is not that place.

You can make a great living doing this. The reason why I want you to charge a lot though, is because it takes a lot of your time and your energy to do this thing. This is a luxury product. It's a luxury service. It takes you time to interact, to deal with each client, to sell, to close, and realistically, if we can only handle one or two.

two clients per week, we have to be charging three to four thousand dollars a client. That's just a numbers game. If you want to have a good living, we have to get to that place. And so we need to remove the discomfort of earning and recognize exactly what it is. A person that hangs up your photographs

in their home, they didn't pay too much for them. They paid $2,000, $3,000, $4,000. That's something to celebrate because they found their memories and they found their values being on the walls of their home as worth that. Oftentimes, we, not just, I don't mean like our memories.

mentorship, but I mean as a community, people will often celebrate all these IPS wins, and I want you to. I want you to celebrate every sale and every win, but I don't want you to forget the fact that each one of those was a person who valued their memories and positive moments being something first and foremost in their life that's visible every day.

That's really what we're celebrating in this process and money does not make that dirty. Please. So good sales equals good curiosity. Sales is uncovering someone's needs and values and then guiding them towards a meaningful solution as a customer and client. That is something that you would appreciate yourself, right?

If you're looking for a laptop, if you're looking for the right fit, if you're looking for anything, a car, someone genuinely doing this, advocating for you, that is something you'd want. So I want you to embrace that. Your only homework in this one is to accept this truth. We can't make a meaningful difference, and if you disagree with this, please,

Jump into the group, let us know. I want to help this idea. We can't make a meaningful difference without a transaction because without it, neither person has a reason to commit to a process. By the way, this doesn't mean that my relationships in my life are transactional. It doesn't mean that yours will be either. One of my closest friends, right?

I am one of his coaching clients, and he's one of mine. And you might say, well, Pi, there's not a transaction there. Actually, there is. I committed to coaching him, and he committed to coaching me. We understand what this value is that we each bring to the table, and so we take it seriously.

there has to be some meaningful commitment, okay? Number two, what you're signing when you sign this is that you believe client advocacy comes first always. Your function as a salesperson is twofold, okay? There's the idea of always be closing, that's number two. You first always advocate for their best interests.

Step two, the second thing that you're gonna hold in your mind is always be closing. So we don't close somebody when it's not in their best interest. And I want you to sign this. This commitment to letting go what you think about sales, the truth that you had about this, and embracing what it actually is with your commitment to client advocacy.

So why would clients want to hire you? Again, a part of understanding this is helping us to realize what we should be and what we shouldn't be talking about, right? So why is a potential client going to hire a professional photographer? And even more specifically, why would they hire you? We think it's because we use professional gear because we offer.

professional product, because we have good lighting and good technical skills, because we have a studio and a real business. In reality, and by the way, this is like if you actually looked it up on Google, I bet if I looked it up on AI or on Google, it'd give me the same thing. And sure enough, why is Vidarbi so expensive? Oh, because of equipment and overhead costs. And I'm like, dude, once again.

Clients look for professionals and specifically for you because they like you and they trust you. This is a luxury product, right? They like you, they trust you, they wanna spend money with you. They resonate with your values. They believe that you can deliver. By the way, resonating with your values is a big one. We wanna spend money with people that, have you ever felt the pull to buy?

buy something that has a brand, a logo, or a motto on it that's something that you stand behind? Have you ever felt that? That's when you resonate with values, right? So we want to create a brand that people can resonate with. We wanna show values that they can resonate with. And because they find value in the price.

Obviously there has to be value in the price. That doesn't mean it's cheap. It means that there's value in it. A MacBook is not cheap, but a lot of us find value in it. And a lot of you nod your heads like, no, there is no value in that. But some do. Okay. Truth bomb. People buy because they trust you as their advocate and they value that you understand their needs.

This is why they buy from you. And then the better question here would be, well, why don't they buy or what makes them maybe say no, by the way, do you think I'm trying to get at, like, if they, if these are the things that they actually value, they trust you, they value understanding needs. Do you think I'm trying to get you to not?

talk about the weeds like the details of things that's kind of where this is going right to focus our energy on the on the things that we should be talking about but so to know that the better question would be well why don't they buy what makes them say no right the first reason someone doesn't hire us is that they're just not impressed with our brand and work that's why part one of the program is like hey let's get the brand

and looking like an actual brand, let's get the work. You know, if we need to improve the work of whatever we need to do, let's get that. That needs to be number one, because people don't hire someone that they're not impressed with. So the thing is, these people never become leads to begin with. So we really don't see them in the pipeline at all. When you see leads in the pipeline and then they end up not booking, this points to, well.

Do we have a marketing issue where we're getting unqualified people or do we have a sales issue where we're not able to properly close? So we kind of, you'll notice that the program structure is designed to solve each problem as we would encounter it, right? The first problem is we're not getting leads. And usually the big reason there is because of our brand or our work. Okay. When it's not that.

It's you or it's us, meaning that when we are getting leads and when we're having conversations and we're not booking, then it's generally because of our approach to sales. And it's because usually we're approaching sales with negative biases, those things that we talked about, those limiting beliefs, all that, or because we don't have a sales process that we have.

understand, and so we prep the sale to be lost. So, making this concrete, these are some of those negative biases that again come from those experiences, the trauma, that word is again an overused buzzword, but you can say negative experiences if you like. But, oftentimes we're our own worst enemy in sales because,

Most of us don't understand the nature of it. We fear the thought of being sold. We enter the conversation in fear. We don't believe in our service or value. We fear rejection and objections. We lack confidence in our pricing. We project our own insecurities. Oh, uh, this package is $4,000, but if there's a problem with that, let me know.

We doubt the process. We're too hungry for the sale. Oh, just to let you know, I got a lot of other people that are really interested in this. So if you don't buy, they probably will. We bring all this into the process and it shapes the environment that we create through our words.

or in some cases, the lack thereof. Why this matters. Truthfully, the lack thereof sometimes is better. I need you to stop talking about the things that don't matter to the majority of your clients. So if we think clients hire us because of our gear, then we end up talking about gear. Oh, you know.

I'm using the latest camera, I'm using this. You're gonna love the way that I light. I'm gonna make you, I'm gonna pose you and do. Look, if someone's genuinely interested in your gear because they are a photographer and they ask you a question about gear, by all means, have the conversation. But please don't think that this justifies your price.

this is something it'd be like you going to the dentist and then like you're like oh it's 250 dollars yeah because you know we use the simon chair that you're going to sit in and the simon chair reclines to like 20 degrees which was amazing and then we're going to put this light over your face and that light is like five thousand dollars that's one of the winnebago lights and they are incredible

They're going to shine so much light into your face that every one of you hearing this would just be laughing because you're like, that's insane. All you care about is that they do quality work, right? So by recognizing the insanity of a dentist doing that to you, I'm hoping you recognize the insanity of photographers feature selling to our clients.

We don't need to talk about any of this, that we offer professional product. Of course you do. That's an expectation. We have good lighting technical skills. We have a studio and real business. Nobody gives a shit. Let me just say it how it is. We don't care. What we care about is that you do good work. What we care about is that you're a brand that we can align with, that you're someone that we value.

Okay, those are the things that definitely matter. So we're gonna stop talking about all this unless it's completely relevant, meaning they are interested, they are asking about it, and then you have my permission. So yes, all of us can go on to AI, can go on to Google and say.

Hey, on this one, you are completely full of shit. Please do. I tell Chachap to do that all the time. I'm like, dude, seriously? You missed it on this one. Look, when it comes to a luxury product or service, what we have here is something that is limited in nature, requires highly skilled labor, it's time intensive, and it's an elevated experience.

This is why I told you, you should be charging a good amount because at a maximum, we can only serve a few clients a week. If we have a product or a service like that, then it's inherently a luxury service. We can't service a hundred clients a week. So we need to build a luxury product, a luxury solution. And if you're like, well,

I do want to offer something that is a commodity. Why? The phone can do that. The phone is the commodity in the photography space. If you want to capture the $1, $2, $10 market, go design an AI app that takes headshots. That'll be your $10 client type thing.

but otherwise we have to design a luxury service, something that is worth stepping beyond the phone, right? So when we look at these, these are luxury services versus non-luxury services. So I kind of gave you one of each to compare. Isn't it a little bit ironic that the both luxury services, do you notice the presentations of them are fairly similar?

You notice the colors are kind of similar, right? But what are the other things that we notice? This is a Honda dealership. This is a Bentley dealership. This is a Louis Vuitton store. This is a Ross. Ross sells name brand stuff, don't they? You can find, you know, I don't know if you find Gucci in here, but you'll find like name brand, you know, you'll find Calvin Klein, you'll find all sorts of name brand goodies.

Ross. Are they expensive though? What do you see different in each of these experiences and for you watching the video I want you to like maybe pause and just look at this for a moment. I'm going to point some things out so hopefully you hit the pause button. Okay in both of these commodity levels

the Honda dealership and the Ross, what you see is tons of options, right? Especially on the Ross side, you see just tons of options, relative organization, lots of repeated products. You're expected to kind of dig through and figure out what you want here. And similarly up here, you see a lot of products. I mean, comparatively cars are a lot bigger than clothes,

But you see multiple cars, you see a lot of different chairs for sales conversations and you see a lot of options on the wall like what do you want to choose, what do you want to pick, do you want leather, genuine leather, do you want pleather, do you want just fabric, what do you want in your car. With the Bentley dealership you have one chair, one desk.

one car and with the Louis Vuitton store you don't see you see each purse each item is placed as a singular piece it's presented as a piece of artwork it's even lit like artwork isn't it right the car is lit like artwork look at this top down light right here kind of accentuates the car there's

one of them. They're not looking to sell hundreds of these bags, hundreds of these cars. They don't need more than one chair because when someone comes in you're either going to buy a Bentley or you're not. The warmth of the colors, the simplicity

of the design. If you've ever watched me in our audits, our website audits, I'm always telling everyone, push towards simplicity. Make your work needs to stand out at its own. We don't want the website to be busy. A busy website distracts from the fact that you're creating beautiful images.

This is what we're trying to do. Now, why all this matters here? Because for those of you thinking that features matter when you're selling a luxury product or service, I need you to recognize the craziness in this idea. On this side, you'd very likely sit down and you'd ask questions like, hey,

uh what if i upgraded the rims to like like like what are the upgrade options for like alloy wheels or hey um what if i want leather on this side would any of you walk into a bentley and say does the car come with leather if you would please

take me with you because I want to record it and make it part of this case study, okay? The person will look at you as if you're crazy. And then if you're like, those are nice rims, but do you by chance have rim upgrades? These are built as pieces.

pieces of artwork, the expectation there is that it's already feature-rich. It already includes the best of the best everything, okay? When we step into a luxury service, into a luxury environment, we have to recognize that features become expectations. It's not that they're

not important anymore. It's that they become expectations, meaning they're no longer selling points. So speaking of your gear, going back up here, speaking of your gear, speaking of your technical skills, speaking of your lighting, speaking of your, if anything, the only thing that it does for me is start to create this discomfort

with like, well, yeah, I mean, you should be good at this, right? I mean, well, yeah, you should actually be using good gear, right? It actually presents doubts in my mind because the expectation was, obviously, you're using professional gear. Obviously, you offer a good product. Obviously, you have lighting skills, technical skills, post-production skills.

skills so features in a luxury environment are just expectations which means we stop asking questions like what do you like about my work or what are you looking for in your photography and we stop telling them things like oh you're really gonna like the way that I pose you're really

gonna like you know again there are exceptions to be made if someone says hey look we really feel uncomfortable in front the camera what can you do to help us there then saying look you've probably experienced what it's like to have a bad photograph taken of you I hate it myself

That's not on you though. That's because we don't understand how to pose It's because oftentimes a photographer might not help you with that. So we have a bad experience around that We are trained and we are professionals when it comes to posing and body language So I'm gonna help you through the entire process. I'm gonna make it feel comfortable and While we're gonna guide you it's still

going to look natural. It's still going to look authentic. I don't need to go okay. Have you ever heard of foreshortening? Foreshortening is like when your hand is like too close to anytime your face is forward like this. We need to hinge from the hips and then kind of lean back. We just don't need to go there.

but you do have my permission to talk a little about the areas that they might be uncomfortable. I want you to slow down. I want you to get to know them genuinely and then ask meaningful questions to show that you're working as their advocate, okay? Trust and advocacy first and what this generally means is we talk about like the the tactical side of like going into the conversation.

If we're talking about like a in-person conversation, I'm usually gonna build trust and not talk about anything photography related for three to five minutes. It depends on the person. I'm giving you a general idea. Please don't say like, like Pi, I tried to force them to go five minutes and they were like really uncomfortable. I'm like, dude, that was a general idea.

wants to get into a little bit quicker, by all means, if they want to spend a little more time just like talking and getting to know you, do that too. On the phone, it's generally very fast. When I call somebody, it's a few seconds, it's one question. How is this process going? Tell me where you're at in this, you know, in the, tell me where you're at.

with the the maternity, like that's not the way you'd ask that question. I was gonna say tell me where you're at in the wedding planning process, you wouldn't frame it the same way, but you might say yeah tell me about the pregnancy, how is it going so far, right? That'd be a better way to would communicate. Okay, by the way, I don't know if some of you feel this, but I feel like I rely so much

Much on chat GPT that like my own ability to come up with ideas is diminishing. It's worrisome. I'm gonna have to stop using it so much. All right, this entire process, I want your first sale. We're gonna work through all this, but I want your first sale to be you, okay? That's why we're doing this mindset work. You need to buy.

into the process yourself so we're gonna let go of the sales trauma okay there's a little smiley face because it's a funny use of trauma please don't take it too literal we're gonna start letting go of these things we're gonna stop selling to your your your well you're selling to your clients wallet I don't want you to sell to your wallet meaning like you're worried that you

you can't afford something, so then you're gonna give them a lower price because you think it's too high, right? We're gonna sell to their wants, to their needs. We're gonna let go of our fears, our doubts, our biases, the negative beliefs. I'd like you to start, stop being, like this takes a bit of time, right? So start, start the process of not being afraid to talk to people. Stop fearing the.

Ask stop making rejection more than it is. It's not personal. It's not you and oftentimes It's not even rejection and stop fighting to justify your price with features Okay Again, this is going to be a process of of learning it and living it so This isn't going to be instant But I want you to

commit to starting this process. Okay, so again, starting to let go. Once you've signed it, let's move forward. Okay, with that stuff covered, let's start getting a little bit now into the more tactical side. Let's start pushing into sales and buyer psychology and talk about first kind of the three.

brains okay. Obviously we have one brain but when talking about the brain we'll often kind of like talk about these different areas of the brain and no I am not a neuroscientist so for those of you that might be please forgive me I'm going to dumb this down and make it simple so I can understand and hopefully it's simple for you as well. So be aware of these three kind of different

Brains that we that we all use on a daily basis. Okay, there's the croc brain the neocortex and the limbic system Um croc brain is is referred to like this is the the brain stem area. It kind of controls instinctual functions Okay, so what the croc brain wants is simplicity. It doesn't want jargon. It doesn't want complex words

It wants summaries, it doesn't want to be overwhelmed. It's this part of the brain that thinks most, like, what's in this for me? It's the flag that goes off when someone calls you and you worry that it's a telemarketer, have you noticed that? You like, I'll pick up the phone and be like, hello? And I'll be like, oh, hey, Pi, it's Julie calling from Dr. So-and-so's office. I'm like, oh, hey.

hey, Julie, because I thought it was a telemarketer, that feeling of like, ooh, I don't wanna have this call, that's the croc brain that's going off, right? And as soon as you find out that, hey, there's something in this for me, oh, this person's calling me because I'm actually interested, then it shuts off and we move past it. So it's the survival part of us. It doesn't wanna be pressured. It wants to.

avoid caloric consumption. It wants to avoid the loss of resources. My Persian accent just came out for one second. The vants too, that's my dad right there. But yeah, it wants to avoid this loss of resources. So it doesn't wanna give up time, it doesn't wanna give up money. This is what it's concerned about. And that's the, when we call somebody.

We have to think that the first mode that they're in is gonna be in this instinctual mode to want to get off the call, okay? So this is the first thing we have to get past. Then we have the neocortex. This is our reasoning center. It's the place of the brain that wants time to analyze. It wants to problem solve. Honestly, this is where we hang out most of our day.

Okay, it's where you are right now. You're you're in the neocortex. You're processing information. It's where you are when you work It's also where you are You're maybe in a mix of these two places when you're driving for example Because when you're driving that's part instinct part like analyzing and trying to you know Stay alive and not kill anybody in the process So the neocortex wants time for research comparison of data

point space to think and process and it's also the part that wants to negotiate debate and bargain. Okay then we have the limbic system or the midbrain. This is the emotional center of the brain and it's responsible for stories, for memories, for relationships and if you're wondering like well we're going to talk about that.

in a second actually. Your goals, number one, get past the croc brain. We need to show what's in this for a person when we speak to them, right? Number two, we kind of want to avoid the neocortex, like we don't want to ask questions that are overly complicated, we don't want to get them into this this place of higher reasoning. We want them, the goal number three, the main thing is to stay in the limbic system.

And the reason for this, the reason we need them to stay in the limit system is because if we're talking about a luxury sale, like if we're talking about selling a high ticket, a luxury product, what we're talking about is an emotional purchase, right? We don't generally need these items, we want these items, which means that it's mostly an emotional decision, paid for.

paired with some sort of kind of price rationale. So we want to hold people in this space where we can talk to them and get meaningful answers and see what they truly value. So truth bomb, this is your idea here that I kind of just shared. Luxury purchases, they just, they're not logical. Like you can try to justify, I know we do.

I know we try to find crazy ways, like my wife will be like, oh my God, I really want this purse. It's $2,000, but I really need this. Like, I need this, right? And my wife doesn't do that. What she does instead is like, I got a $2,000 purse for $100 off of eBay because it has a hole in it, and I'm just gonna fix it. And now I've got a purse that's worth.

$2,000, but I got it for a hundred, and I'm like, that's amazing, you rock. So anyway, we cannot make luxury purchases logical. They are always an emotional decision. And I say for the most part, because it's not as if price isn't some form of control. There is some thought to price. There are things that we want that we simply can't afford.

So there is some level of rational thought in there, but by and large a person doesn't want a Bentley because they're like Oh, I need this car I need my feet to be surrounded by Bentley fur which if you haven't felt it. It is like hmm I've never like the fact that it's on the floor in that car makes me

It makes me just like feel anxious but yeah you take off your shoes you just put your feet in the fur and it's incredible. Anyway, why does this all matter? It matters because so much of our frustration with sales is actually because we've created the wrong psychological space for the sale meaning what we end up doing is actually spending all of our time in this neocortex.

we're asking questions like about timeline, we're asking about details, we're asking about what do you look for in your photography, we're asking about all these different things which makes someone sit there in that space. Then when we get to price, we are surprised that they wanna negotiate or debate or bargain or compare. This is literally what we've queued them up to do.

When you're in that space, it's exactly what you want to do. You want time to compare, you want to say, oh, you know, let me talk to my wife, oh, you know, let me just go and figure this out. I'll call you back if I'm interested. That's what that portion of the brain wants, right? Okay, so we've created the wrong psychological space. What we need to be doing, what we want, is we want our clients to see the person

person behind the camera, right? Us. We want them to recognize that, hey, it's not just about their photography, it's not just about the money, it's not just about gear, photography technique, it's not, these are, and yet we spend most of our time talking about those things, but we want them to see the person, right? How many times have I seen this?

I've seen so many photographers hop online. I've seen big photographers hop online and then go you know photography is so much more than just the gear and the camera and Then two weeks later. I saw the same person put up a post. Why is photography expensive because it takes a significant investment in gear

here because we have to learn, because this is a trade skill, because we have business, we have overhead, we have computers, we have editing software. I kid you not, the same person said those two things two weeks apart, and I'm sitting here going, this makes absolutely no sense. We want the person to see us, and yet we don't.

We keep talking about the features, so let's talk about how to get away from this. If we made the three brains practical, if you can't get past the croc brain, this is because they see no value in what you're offering, meaning there's nothing in it for them, you only want to take, that's the way they perceive a scenario. Think telemarketer.

Keep them in the neocortex. They're gonna want time to think, to analyze, and to bargain over price. They're gonna want time to, they're gonna call you back. They're gonna say, I need to review the contract. They're gonna say all those things. They're gonna want to hold onto this. But if you keep them in the limbic system, they're gonna think about what they actually want and what they value, and they're gonna weigh that against the cost.

cost of what your service is, and that's what we want. We want them to understand us, what they want and what they value, the fact that we know what they want and value, and that we have a solution for it, and then last but not least, of course, price should be a consideration too. But we want it to be in that process.

So, making this more tactical, bad question examples. Do you have time right now? No, nobody has time right now. Are you busy? Yes, I am always busy. This is a croc-brain warning sign, okay? Do not ask that question. Bad example number two. Tell me about what you're looking for in your.

or newborn photography, or in your pet photography, or in your wedding photography. This will send them straight to the neocortex. They're thinking about their mood board, they're thinking about Pinterest, they're thinking about all their shot list, everything they want to get captured. Bad question example number three, can you tell me about your wedding day timeline? Oh my goodness, that is just stressful.

something that they're gonna have to hammer out they're gonna think about for a long time and ideally not with you that should be with a wedding planner that should be with someone else but that is a stressful question what's your budget how much you looking to spend nothing as little as possible like what what possible good answer can we get

from that aside from saying the neocortex still you're not gonna get good answers from this right our first big mistake in the sales process is failing to create the right emotional space and when we do this it's very likely that if we failed to create the correct emotional space we've also failed to understand what we're selling we've also failed to understand

and their needs and their values, we've also failed to help them feel like you're their advocate, and we failed to establish your value. Okay, so I want you to think about this before we go into the next module. How do you sell an emotional product through reason and logic?

you some funny and silly examples of this as we went through this, but I actually want, if there's a little bit of homework, to think about this. If you were selling a Bentley, is there anything that you could say reasonably and logically that would justify the half million dollar price? if you're

selling a $5,000 photography service? Logically, reasonably. Is there anything that you can say, any reason you can give, any logic you can give to justify that price? If the answer here is, it's hard to think of reason.

and logical arguments for an emotional product, then the first thing we need to be working on is steering our conversations. Our sales conversations need to be emotionally guided and stay in an emotional space. Not a manipulative space, but an emotional space.

We're gonna work through this as we go through each module. We're gonna get more and more tactical as we go. But for right now, I want you just to process kind of the mindset stuff that we discussed and then jump into the next lesson, or module in this case.