what would have been like an eight or $10,000 job into a $47,000 check. And he's like, dude, this is like a, what, 24, 25 time return on my investment in this program. And then he basically quit the program. He was like, I got what I needed, now I'm done. I'm like, Ning, we have so much more to do. Like, let's keep going. Anyway, my point is when you...

learn the sales process, you're going to unlock something very special. Most people, most people do not know how to connect with another human being. They do not know how to understand someone else's values. They don't know how to actually empathize. They don't know how to create a solution to someone else's problem. That's what I'm teaching you throughout this section of the program.

And when you learn this process, and when you get good at it, you'll realize, oh my goodness, a $5,000 check now becomes a $10,000 check, a $2,000 check becomes a $5,000 check, or potentially what was a $10,000 client becomes a $50,000 client, because you're looking for opportunities to soar.

and you're truly trying to understand and solve problems. Okay. So don't think that like what Ning's not doing in this is he didn't take a $7,000 product and market up to $47,000. That's not what sales is. That is again, manipulation. And that is again, the wrong thing. What he's actually doing and what we're doing in these situations is spending time.

to understand someone's problem and then go, hey, I noticed that you're not doing this on on this side. I think there's an opportunity here. What do you think about this? What do you also think about this? And so what we're doing is building other pieces into this after understanding the problem set, right? After working to understand what it is that they need, what are their goals.

all of that, then we start building up something bigger and that's where you land on something like this. I wanna clarify that because sometimes we could think like, oh, being good at sales means that you sell something worth $2,000 but you sell it for $10,000. I'm like, no, that's just stealing in a legal form, okay? All right, so we got that. Now let's go on to the next lesson.

about one of the lowest hanging fruits before we dive into it. So an urgent low-hanging fruit is going to be fixing your website and then understanding the sales process. I want to get this one right away. I moved this lesson right to basically the front of this because you'll notice that this entire module, step 12.

It contains a lot of pieces where if you just start doing these things You're gonna immediately see a massive difference in both your conversions and also the booking rate So the cool thing about moving through steps 12 through 15 is we don't have to master all of it to start seeing major improvements and increase in revenue and bookings, right the

The low-hanging fruit, it refers to anything, strategies that are basically easy to implement and have a significant impact on your business, okay? The low-hanging fruit here is we do not display full pricing. Remember, this is from step five. I think we talked about it as early as step three. We've talked about this quite a bit, right? We do not display full pricing on the website.

That doesn't mean that you deceive them. It means that we include a little bit of information, you know, prices start at most clients typically spend, right? The reason why is because when we place full pricing up front, we're training a potential client to basically compare us solely based on price. We're telling them, look, this is everything you need. You see my work. You don't need to talk to me.

you see the price, go in and make your decision, right? And then we wonder why, when we get online and we're like, hey, when you hire a photographer, it's not just about the imagery, it's also about the person behind the camera, and we wonder why people don't get that message. It's because our sales process is literally training them out of that message.

So, what we're gonna do is qualify those prices, meaning that's the prices start at and then clients typically spend, and then everything we do is gonna work to get them on the phone. Now, I realize that some of you are gonna be uncomfortable with phone calls. I wanna help you to build comfort around that because the phone

is gonna be the best place to close. I'm not an absolutist in the sense of like, I do believe that you can convert people through say direct message, through say email. The problem is, is that the conversion percentage is so much lower. So if we are talking about a situation where we have.

hundreds of leads, and you can't call them all, by all means, let's start sending emails, let's send out direct messages, let's find another way to communicate that's more efficient, knowing that we're gonna see a huge fall off in response rate. Most of us are not in that position, right? Most of us are not dealing with the problem of having hundreds of leads.

hundreds of leads. So to increase your conversion percentage to the max, to make sure that we're utilizing it and taking advantage of every lead we get, I'm pushing you towards the phone. I'm gonna help you to get comfortable with it if you're not already, okay? And if you are, if you do feel comfortable talking to people, don't worry, it's gonna get even easier. But like I said, you don't need to be extroverted.

Truthfully, I'm introverted, very introverted. And there's just moments where I have trained myself to basically be extroverted. Some of those moments are like now, like in front of a camera, or when I'm asked to lecture. But you put me into a room, like when we do our photography meetups, a lot of times you guys have probably recognized that one of the most uncommon...

comfortable things for me is when you guys talk about me, even when it's like praise. Like it makes me want to shut down and not talk. And in those environments, I tend to be more quiet. I tend to ask you guys to speak because I'm naturally introverted. So don't for a moment think that because Pye is a presenter that he's extroverted, I'm not, okay? And these types of things.

used to be just as uncomfortable for me until they got comfortable. And I want you to recognize that so you're not misjudging your own feelings in the moment. Okay, so all our goal is, is wherever we interact with somebody, let's get them onto the phone. And this is why. I wanna show you what the sales process should be.

Okay, this was developed by John Henry Patterson in the 1890s. I show this to you because I want you to recognize that this isn't anything new. I didn't make this up. This isn't like, no matter what salesperson or sales trainer says, like, oh, I innovated this new process. No, this has been around for a very long time. And before John Henry Patterson documented it, I'm sure it existed.

prior to, but he's the one that's known for creating this process. Okay. So it starts with basically identifying the customer's problem and need developing a value proposition, presenting how the solution fits, and then you close by making the ask. So this is the exchange of value for value. I would add two steps to this. Okay. Namely, because probably in the 1890s.

There weren't that many sales people around to like like worry about and relationship building was fairly easy back then Now there's so many more people so many more voices. And so let's build a rapport and create a bit of trust first Then we go through this process the four-step process and then we follow up with it or address objections or concerns Okay, because most

likely in today's age, people are a bit more discerning, they need a little more help and support to get there. Now anytime we present the price before we've done these steps, you're queuing yourself up to either lose the sale, be compared on price, or to have

someone negotiate. Let me say that again. Anytime you present the price before you've gone through these steps, in other words, when you present price before you've established value, you will very likely lose the sale. So we need to work through this process, develop the value proposition, show them how it fits.

then we speak about money. It's not about not disclosing, a lot of people are like, well, Pi, if I don't disclose pricing on my website, that's deceitful. And I'm like, dude, I'm telling you to put prices start at and clients typically spend. What more do they need to know before actually understanding what they're.

looking for? You don't know what they're looking for. You don't know what they want. What is the point of getting into an in-depth conversation about price when you don't know these things? Have y'all ever had someone come to you to start up a business? I don't know if anyone has had the experience, but I've had this experience so many times that it mirrors a sales process where someone will

come to me and say, hey, we should start a business on this. And then they'll talk about freaking ownership. We'll do it 50-50. We'll do it, you know, let's, and then a lot of times it'll become like a big long conversation about ownership. Like, oh, you're gonna get a third, you're gonna get third. And it's like, my guy.

Nothing exists yet. There is no business yet. Why are we spending all this time talking about this thing, as opposed to actually figuring out what we're going to be doing, and what are the different roles? And there's so much else to discuss before that piece, right? And in every one of those instances where someone brings that up,

before actually figuring out the important stuff, I've never done a business with those people. I've never created something with those individuals. It's the exact same thing here. Talking about money before we even know what somebody wants or needs is pointless. Okay, so your truth bomb for this, the best way to lose a sale is a.

Spend time discussing the price before you actually establish value, okay? Now, the objection, whatever objections they might have, I want you guys to all recognize this right now. An objection is not a no. An objection is not the end of the world. An objection is not that they don't value.