the idea how can you inspire them without their honest commitment to listen and to be present. What I want you to recognize is that the reason we can create meaningful change is through generally a transaction. I'm not again I'm not going to be an absolutist and say in every single case but I am going to say that in general if you want to confidently know

That this is gonna make a lasting and meaningful change. There has to be some sort of two-way commitment for our two-way commitments When you're talking to a stranger, we generally are using money, right? The only reason we're using money for these transactions is because it's the easiest form to actually create a mutual commitment but

In the past, it wasn't money. In the past, it was furs or time, and you still do this. You know, I'll clean your teeth if you wanna take some photos for me, right? We do this constantly. But we have to have a mutual commitment in order to create lasting and meaningful change. One of the best examples of this.

Well, we won't even go there. I'm not going to go there. Let's just... Okay, someone said, let's see, Meredith said, by giving your photos to those you love unconditionally. Yeah. And then you can hope. You can give your photos to somebody and then hope. Right? But you're not knowingly creating meaningful change.

Okay, the reason why I spend time here, because I posted this poll in the group, in the mastermind group. Does selling bother you? Does it bother you that I'm here to sell you on our education and mentorship program? Be brutally honest, pick your answer. 36% said yes.

it makes me a bit uneasy. 100% said, sorry, 9% said 100%, that thought makes me honestly uncomfortable. 45% said, not really, I know how the world works, everyone's trying to sell something. And 10% said, no, I love selling and being sold when it's done right. I wanted 90% to be in this last one.

But, what it told me was that 45% of us just straight up fear sales and being sold to. 90% of us don't actually understand the nature of sales. 10% of us know the nature of sales and that's why they appreciate it when it's done well.

Share this with you because if we understand that meaningful change requires a transaction, then we should stop demonizing sales. And I don't care if you demonize it out loud, I don't care if it's in your head, but it has to stop. There's nothing wrong with sales. In fact, sales is a beautiful.

beautiful thing when you fall into this group of you appreciate it when it's done right. This is why we hate sales. A good person can sell a ketchup popsicle to a woman in white gloves. This was from Chris Farley and Tommy Boy, one of my favorite movies. This is our general idea of sales, isn't it?

a ketchup popsicle something gross something that nobody would want to a woman in white gloves the last person that would want that thing that's what we think sales is it's the used car sales person that tries to push us into a car that gets us to pay too much and i get it that's what we think sales is because all of us have had so many

negative experiences in that kind of arena, right? But actual sales is this. Zig Ziglar said, sales is uncovering the need, manipulation is creating it. That's why I gave you the disclaimer. Sales is simply uncovering someone's need and looking to find a solution for them.

In fact, I would argue that you're selling in just any form of conversation with someone where you're trying to convince someone to do anything. Maybe it's to go out for dinner with your wife, with your husband, with your partner. Maybe it's where the kids should...

put their time in their activities, which activity they should do. I want the kids to do jiu-jitsu. I'm selling the idea of it to my wife. Why this is a good thing. Why there's a need there. Sales is everywhere. I want you to start undoing.

your old definition of it. Because if we made it more simple, sales is good curiosity. I would say good sales is good curiosity, okay? That's it. Why this matters is because we fear sales because of these negative experiences. When we stop fearing the process,

We can start to recognize that actual selling true sales is understanding and relating to your client, uncovering their needs and values, being a kind and empathetic advocate, this is our number one, helping your clients find a solution, then you're simply closing by asking for value in exchange for value. The money is just because this.

This is the easiest thing to do because how are we going to use any other form to transact this? I don't think that's a verb, but that's okay. How are we going to do that? Am I going to give you a $10,000 package and say, what we'll do is your family will just come over to my place to do my laundry for the

next four years. There's nothing else that makes sense, so we use money. Money is not inherently good, it is not inherently bad, it is simply kinetic energy, and I'll speak on that in just a moment, but it is simply energy. And sales, when we do these things, can any of you say that you don't want this?

If someone were to step in, be genuine, and actually understand who you are, and help to solve your problems, and do that in exchange for some money, would that not be a value-added service that you would want? I think most of us would agree to that, right? But this fear of sales, what it's done is inadvertently trained you to design.

in a sales process that literally pushes people away. It's why we don't think about making that contact form easier to find. It's why we don't think about, you know, getting on the phone with everybody that might be interested. We're so afraid of this idea that we're actually designing things into our systems that are pushing people away.

not to mention when we do actually get on the phone call, then we continue the process of pushing them away by talking about the wrong things. What I'm gonna share with you has been learned over the last 20 years, okay? This sales training is kind of combined from my 20 years of experience. We have now passed, Liningers has passed $30 million of revenue collected. So this isn't from education.

education. This is from client paying work over the last 15 plus years. All of this comes from that. Okay. And, uh, and I'm going to say this, I've by the way, I didn't put this together myself. I learned from books. I learned from going to courses and all that. Um, I will say this, the process that you're going to learn in this,

The sales process, the psychology behind this is pretty concrete, okay? This stuff is pretty well-defined, but I would say that it's your job to take the specifics of it, of the exact words that you're saying, and make these yours, okay? Bring your personality in this process. What I want you to understand

is that the process or the psychology of this though is firm. The details is the flexible portion that rely on your personality. The mistake that everybody makes when they step into the sales process is they learn it and then they change it all before they've actually mastered it. So they try to bring their personality into the sales process.

Immediately, like, oh, I wouldn't do that. Oh, I'm going to change this. Oh, you asked for the close on the phone. I wouldn't do that. I'm going to ask for the close in an email. Oh, you do this. I'm going to, I'm going to change. I want you to understand to master this process first, then work to make it yours. Okay. And know that the process and the psychology

of this is pretty set in stone and what that means is it doesn't mean that what I'm giving you inside this entire framework, it doesn't mean that you can't do something another way. What I've done is I've created a framework that maximizes conversions, okay? What that means is you get one lead, I'm going to give you the best chance to convert.

convert that one lead. You get 10 leads, I'm gonna give you the best chance. We're gonna make it 80%, 90% chance of closing those 10 leads. But that's under the assumption that for most photographers, their primary bottleneck is gonna be getting more leads, right? If you're somebody who gets thousands of leads,

then you can choose to say I know the phone is going to be best for conversion but it's simply not feasible because of the number of people coming in. So what I'm going to do instead is I'm going to send them to a setting page where I have a video that explains my process and then those that are interested are going to continue.

you to an actual phone console. Now, is that going to yield the highest conversion rate? No. What it's going to do is actually filter people and lower the number of people that make it to the phone so that I spend less time talking to people that are more qualified. So, I want you to understand the intent behind this process and why.

I had set up this way so that you go, if I don't want to call people, then I'd simply need you to say, okay, if you don't want to call people, then you need to figure out a way to generate 10 times more leads. Your, your booking rate is going to drop by 10 X. So rather than out of, out of a hundred people, if you would have spoken to each one of them, you would have booked 80.

Now you're going from 80 down to 10 people, if you're gonna only speak via email, right? So you need to do eight times more work to get back to 80 leads if you wanna get the same amount of revenue. That's what I want you all to understand this process. Okay. I wanna share with you my ugly truth too. I mentioned to you.

that I was closing early on in my career I was closing and I thought I was really good at sales this is like 17 years ago and then my business partner Justin sat in one of my meetings and he just like he kept giving me the eye the entire time and I remember afterwards he just laid into me he's like why did you you presented the price