You notice the colors are kind of similar, right? But what are the other things that we notice? This is a Honda dealership. This is a Bentley dealership. This is a Louis Vuitton store. This is a Ross. Ross sells name brand stuff, don't they? You can find, you know, I don't know if you find Gucci in here, but you'll find like name brand, you know, you'll find Calvin Klein, you'll find all sorts of name brand goodies.

Ross. Are they expensive though? What do you see different in each of these experiences and for you watching the video I want you to like maybe pause and just look at this for a moment. I'm going to point some things out so hopefully you hit the pause button. Okay in both of these commodity levels

the Honda dealership and the Ross, what you see is tons of options, right? Especially on the Ross side, you see just tons of options, relative organization, lots of repeated products. You're expected to kind of dig through and figure out what you want here. And similarly up here, you see a lot of products. I mean, comparatively cars are a lot bigger than clothes,

But you see multiple cars, you see a lot of different chairs for sales conversations and you see a lot of options on the wall like what do you want to choose, what do you want to pick, do you want leather, genuine leather, do you want pleather, do you want just fabric, what do you want in your car. With the Bentley dealership you have one chair, one desk.

one car and with the Louis Vuitton store you don't see you see each purse each item is placed as a singular piece it's presented as a piece of artwork it's even lit like artwork isn't it right the car is lit like artwork look at this top down light right here kind of accentuates the car there's

one of them. They're not looking to sell hundreds of these bags, hundreds of these cars. They don't need more than one chair because when someone comes in you're either going to buy a Bentley or you're not. The warmth of the colors, the simplicity

of the design. If you've ever watched me in our audits, our website audits, I'm always telling everyone, push towards simplicity. Make your work needs to stand out at its own. We don't want the website to be busy. A busy website distracts from the fact that you're creating beautiful images.

This is what we're trying to do. Now, why all this matters here? Because for those of you thinking that features matter when you're selling a luxury product or service, I need you to recognize the craziness in this idea. On this side, you'd very likely sit down and you'd ask questions like, hey,

uh what if i upgraded the rims to like like like what are the upgrade options for like alloy wheels or hey um what if i want leather on this side would any of you walk into a bentley and say does the car come with leather if you would please

take me with you because I want to record it and make it part of this case study, okay? The person will look at you as if you're crazy. And then if you're like, those are nice rims, but do you by chance have rim upgrades? These are built as pieces.

pieces of artwork, the expectation there is that it's already feature-rich. It already includes the best of the best everything, okay? When we step into a luxury service, into a luxury environment, we have to recognize that features become expectations. It's not that they're

not important anymore. It's that they become expectations, meaning they're no longer selling points. So speaking of your gear, going back up here, speaking of your gear, speaking of your technical skills, speaking of your lighting, speaking of your, if anything, the only thing that it does for me is start to create this discomfort

with like, well, yeah, I mean, you should be good at this, right? I mean, well, yeah, you should actually be using good gear, right? It actually presents doubts in my mind because the expectation was, obviously, you're using professional gear. Obviously, you offer a good product. Obviously, you have lighting skills, technical skills, post-production skills.

skills so features in a luxury environment are just expectations which means we stop asking questions like what do you like about my work or what are you looking for in your photography and we stop telling them things like oh you're really gonna like the way that I pose you're really

gonna like you know again there are exceptions to be made if someone says hey look we really feel uncomfortable in front the camera what can you do to help us there then saying look you've probably experienced what it's like to have a bad photograph taken of you I hate it myself

That's not on you though. That's because we don't understand how to pose It's because oftentimes a photographer might not help you with that. So we have a bad experience around that We are trained and we are professionals when it comes to posing and body language So I'm gonna help you through the entire process. I'm gonna make it feel comfortable and While we're gonna guide you it's still

going to look natural. It's still going to look authentic. I don't need to go okay. Have you ever heard of foreshortening? Foreshortening is like when your hand is like too close to anytime your face is forward like this. We need to hinge from the hips and then kind of lean back. We just don't need to go there.

but you do have my permission to talk a little about the areas that they might be uncomfortable. I want you to slow down. I want you to get to know them genuinely and then ask meaningful questions to show that you're working as their advocate, okay? Trust and advocacy first and what this generally means is we talk about like the the tactical side of like going into the conversation.

If we're talking about like a in-person conversation, I'm usually gonna build trust and not talk about anything photography related for three to five minutes. It depends on the person. I'm giving you a general idea. Please don't say like, like Pi, I tried to force them to go five minutes and they were like really uncomfortable. I'm like, dude, that was a general idea.

wants to get into a little bit quicker, by all means, if they want to spend a little more time just like talking and getting to know you, do that too. On the phone, it's generally very fast. When I call somebody, it's a few seconds, it's one question. How is this process going? Tell me where you're at in this, you know, in the, tell me where you're at.

with the the maternity, like that's not the way you'd ask that question. I was gonna say tell me where you're at in the wedding planning process, you wouldn't frame it the same way, but you might say yeah tell me about the pregnancy, how is it going so far, right? That'd be a better way to would communicate. Okay, by the way, I don't know if some of you feel this, but I feel like I rely so much

Much on chat GPT that like my own ability to come up with ideas is diminishing. It's worrisome. I'm gonna have to stop using it so much. All right, this entire process, I want your first sale. We're gonna work through all this, but I want your first sale to be you, okay? That's why we're doing this mindset work. You need to buy.

into the process yourself so we're gonna let go of the sales trauma okay there's a little smiley face because it's a funny use of trauma please don't take it too literal we're gonna start letting go of these things we're gonna stop selling to your your your well you're selling to your clients wallet I don't want you to sell to your wallet meaning like you're worried that you

you can't afford something, so then you're gonna give them a lower price because you think it's too high, right? We're gonna sell to their wants, to their needs. We're gonna let go of our fears, our doubts, our biases, the negative beliefs. I'd like you to start, stop being, like this takes a bit of time, right? So start, start the process of not being afraid to talk to people. Stop fearing the.

Ask stop making rejection more than it is. It's not personal. It's not you and oftentimes It's not even rejection and stop fighting to justify your price with features Okay Again, this is going to be a process of of learning it and living it so This isn't going to be instant But I want you to

commit to starting this process. Okay, so again, starting to let go. Once you've signed it, let's move forward. Okay, with that stuff covered, let's start getting a little bit now into the more tactical side. Let's start pushing into sales and buyer psychology and talk about first kind of the three.

brains okay. Obviously we have one brain but when talking about the brain we'll often kind of like talk about these different areas of the brain and no I am not a neuroscientist so for those of you that might be please forgive me I'm going to dumb this down and make it simple so I can understand and hopefully it's simple for you as well. So be aware of these three kind of different

Brains that we that we all use on a daily basis. Okay, there's the croc brain the neocortex and the limbic system Um croc brain is is referred to like this is the the brain stem area. It kind of controls instinctual functions Okay, so what the croc brain wants is simplicity. It doesn't want jargon. It doesn't want complex words

It wants summaries, it doesn't want to be overwhelmed. It's this part of the brain that thinks most, like, what's in this for me? It's the flag that goes off when someone calls you and you worry that it's a telemarketer, have you noticed that? You like, I'll pick up the phone and be like, hello? And I'll be like, oh, hey, Pi, it's Julie calling from Dr. So-and-so's office. I'm like, oh, hey.

hey, Julie, because I thought it was a telemarketer, that feeling of like, ooh, I don't wanna have this call, that's the croc brain that's going off, right? And as soon as you find out that, hey, there's something in this for me, oh, this person's calling me because I'm actually interested, then it shuts off and we move past it. So it's the survival part of us. It doesn't wanna be pressured. It wants to.