And then right afterwards, you said, you know, but if there's a problem, we can do something about that. I was like, this is gonna be $4,000, but if you have any issues, just let me know. And he's like, why did you do that? They immediately just asked for a discount and then you gave them a discount. Why did you do that? And he's like, how come you're talking about the camera the whole time? He gave me so much critique afterwards.

I'll be honest, I was a little bit defensive at first, because I was like, dude, I'm closing. He's like, you're closing because these people are already sold. They saw our stuff. They're already ready to go. Those are the people you're selling. Then, as I started actually diving into sales and learning the process, I was like, dude, I'm lost.

really bad at this. So I was closing sales for about a year or two before I realized how bad I was. And this is kind of illustrative of the Dunning-Kruger effect. The less you know about something, the more that you think you do. And then as you learn more about that thing, you start like losing confidence in it until it eventually kind of goes up. But anyway, a lot of us might.

be in that position. And the reality is that, is really this, I don't know if you've seen this quote, this is one of my favorite from Simpsons way back, but he's like, I've seen teams suck before, but they were the suckiest bunch of sucks that ever sucked. It was one of my favorite lines. But look, the reality is that most of us just are not good at sales. We're all, it's like what I say about jujitsu.

When everybody, anybody at Jujitsu that's getting worried about like, oh, my belt, or I'm not good enough, I'm like, dude, we all just suck at varying different degrees, okay? There's always gonna be someone that's a lot better, there's gonna be someone that's a lot worse, and this is the exact same thing in the sales process. Having never studied it, I was not good at it. I was good at closing people who were already sold.

And I see this a lot among photographers. And what I wanna do throughout this process is take you from someone that can close the person that's already sold and maybe get them into a package that's bigger, that solves more of their wants, more of their needs, so we can upsell them into something bigger, and that's great. And then for the people that aren't sold, you can help them to make the right decision.

for themselves and hopefully most of the time that decision is booking you, okay? The tough truth bomb which I mentioned is that this is gonna be as much of a learning process as it is an unlearning process and a process where we resolve emotional baggage, okay? So I'm gonna give you that reminder again of learning and living. These are two separate things we have to.

practice both as we go. Vince Lombardi had this beautiful quote, famous quote, he said, practice does not make perfect, only perfect practice makes perfect. Because if you practice something incorrectly, then you're just gonna get really good at doing it wrong. So I would say most of us are pretty much experts at being not good salespeople. We're really good at that. So let's.

Let's kind of first unlearn, and I'm actually going to give you some small little kind of mindset exercise in this process for the first few lessons. So I want you to let go of these bad habits, these self-limiting beliefs. We're going to prepare kind of for this mindset of growth and abundance. I know that mindset and, you know, growth and abundance, these have become like almost these...

fruity cliche terms that just get thrown around a lot. There's a lot of truth to them though. There's a lot of truth to having a mind of gratitude, to having a mindset of growth, to believing that you can have abundance in your life. There's a lot of truth to that. And so I'm not going to go into the depth of it. I don't feel like we need to.

to get it throughout the program of this course or throughout this section of the course. But I will say this, most of us have money fears. We have fears around having it. We have fears around asking for it. We have fears around giving it up. That's a crazy one. We hoard it, because we're like, what if I can't make more, right? These are things that we.

we need to undo, because how are you gonna genuinely ask somebody to give up their money if you A, have a hard time asking for it, and B, if you wouldn't do it yourself? If you wouldn't give up your money for the service that you're offering, there's something disingenuous about that then, is there? Right?

So we need to create something that we ourselves would pay for. Okay. So your first step, we need to stop fearing sales and money. We need to learn to love it within reason. We don't need to worship it, but we need to appreciate what it is because it's exactly how you're gonna bring about meaningful change to your clients' lives. And if you're wondering, like, how did I drive to this point?

draw those dots, it's this. You want to go out and create images that are transformative for your clients, right? I don't think there's anybody here that would disagree with that. You wanna create images that they hang in their home. You wanna create images that bring them happiness. The only way for you to do that consistently is to be paid for it. The only way for you to be able to consistently.

devote your time, your energy to this thing, is for someone to be able to make an exchange that allows you to keep your lights on, allows you to support your family, allows you to put a roof over your heads, okay? You can't do this without the exchange of money. I think most of you, I know most of you already know this, but I also know that you have to do it.

haven't accepted it. We live in a very beautiful time right now, okay? I don't know if you've ever paused to think about this, but since we're talking mindset, I think this is appropriate to talk about for one moment. A hundred years back, a person had to, maybe let's go 200 years back, a person had to sustain themselves. You needed to be able to build your home, you needed to be able to have a family. You needed to be able to have a job. You needed to be able to have a family. You needed to be able to have a job.

You need to be able to work the land. You need to be able to do all these things to be able to sustain yourselves, right? Now we live in this environment where we've gotten to this place that's very unique in time. It's a time where basically I can specialize in one specific thing down to a very nitty gritty detail. Something that's

not even necessary for life right something that could be a I could make music I can make art I could focus on one specific thing and we can use this economic system that we developed to actually exchange services oh well I do enjoy farming or I do enjoy this but I love listening to music while I do it oh I do really enjoy accounting

I hated accounting, but some people do actually enjoy it. I've met those people. I don't like them. But there's a lot of people that really love accounting and they still want to be entertained and they still want to, you know, have things that go to the comedy club. They still want to do all those things. And so each of us can specialize in these things that are meaningful to us individually. And then we use money to exchange to say, I'm putting my-

energy here, you're putting your energy there, we'll exchange this form of kinetic energy to allow each other to do what the other person likes doing. I don't know if this system's gonna last forever. Be grateful for while it is here, because in 50 years, who knows? Maybe we all go back to like, okay.

We got to figure out how to provide for ourselves again. This whole experiment didn't work, but right now that's the way that I want you to think about money. It's kinetic energy. Spending money demonstrates that you commit to something that you value. Earning money demonstrates that you can, what did I say? Earning money creates a commitment to provide. Okay.

Earning money is you providing value and the other person's spending is showing that they actually appreciate the thing that you're creating. That's it, okay? Whether you're asking for a lot of it, whether you're asking for a little of it, it doesn't matter. This is ultimately what it is and I want you all to get comfortable asking for a lot of it. It's not because...

we should be trying to screw people over. It's not because you know that we're trying to make as much money as possible. This is not a space like if you want to make as much money as possible you should be in finance. You should be in finance, you should be a banker, you should be one of those areas where you could make hundreds of millions of dollars. This is not that place.

You can make a great living doing this. The reason why I want you to charge a lot though, is because it takes a lot of your time and your energy to do this thing. This is a luxury product. It's a luxury service. It takes you time to interact, to deal with each client, to sell, to close, and realistically, if we can only handle one or two.

two clients per week, we have to be charging three to four thousand dollars a client. That's just a numbers game. If you want to have a good living, we have to get to that place. And so we need to remove the discomfort of earning and recognize exactly what it is. A person that hangs up your photographs

in their home, they didn't pay too much for them. They paid $2,000, $3,000, $4,000. That's something to celebrate because they found their memories and they found their values being on the walls of their home as worth that. Oftentimes, we, not just, I don't mean like our memories.

mentorship, but I mean as a community, people will often celebrate all these IPS wins, and I want you to. I want you to celebrate every sale and every win, but I don't want you to forget the fact that each one of those was a person who valued their memories and positive moments being something first and foremost in their life that's visible every day.