Welcome to step 12. We are launching right into the sales portion of the course now. So sales is basically gonna be from steps 12 through steps 15, okay? And the topics and pain points that we're gonna be addressing specifically in this module is a lot of mindset stuff. Like I need to...

help rewire the things that we've learned about sales, including like the actual definition of what good sales is. So we're going to talk about what is sales actually. We're going to talk about what you're really selling. We'll be talking about like, why do clients truly hire you? And a lot of this is to help us to stop talking about the things that don't matter.

Instead, emphasize our time with clients on the things that actually do matter. We're gonna talk about why clients don't necessarily value your pricing and what we're doing to basically create this environment where someone wants to negotiate with you. We'll be talking about establishing value and I'm gonna lay out also the correct order of sales. We're actually gonna do that pretty early on as well. We're gonna dive right in.

I've almost like right into that process. Okay, once again, this module, all of our modules are fast paced. Please pause, implement, repeat. Come back to this one as well. Like all of these modules are especially effective to say what I really like doing, right? Is saying, spend an hour a day on your education.

That's my goal for you, is that you spend an hour a day on your education. Now, while you're in this program and you're completing the program for the first time, I would love that hour to be focused on this, right? But even when you're completed with this program, spend an hour a day learning. And I would love for part of that time, it doesn't have to be all of it, but for part of that time to be reviewing things. Because what you're gonna...

to find is as you begin to implement the things that you're learning here, your second time through, or even your third time through, you're going to see things in a completely different lens. Okay. Sales is such a big area in that regard. When we try sales and we implement and we, you're going to make a massive,

difference in your business by just implementing what you're seeing here. When you come back to it for a second time or even a third time, you're going to be like, holy cow, I missed that. I missed that and I'm going to try this part too and you'll find an even bigger difference. So please come back for it. Um, pause implement and then repeat. Make sure that you have that, uh,

Part of each and every day is spent learning and absorbing new information, good quality information, and I'd love for this to be a part of that. Also remember between sessions, you have the mentorship group. That's a perfect place to ask questions, to seek advice, feedback, to share your wins, your aha moments, and as we're going to be talking about through the sales section, to also request a

a role play buddy, or even to ask and get feedback on a sales situation. Okay. All right, let's go ahead and dive now into the first lesson. Sales problems in a nutshell. I want you to think of this section of the program. So part three of this program, part one was building your business foundation, maybe

Making sure that we don't have this leaky bucket, right? We address, we figure out who we're speaking to, what we're offering, we design out our brand, we figure out our pricing, all the kind of product components to set up a proper brand. Step two was all marketing, right? Or not step two, part two of the program, step six through 11, that was all marketing. This was SEO, this was social media,

with how we're gonna get our voice out. Now as we go into part three, this is all sales. And I want you to think of this section of the program as basically a journey in and of itself. Each part of this program is, and I've said this before, each part of this program is basically a three or $4,000 program in and of themselves. The sales section,

That's why this is a $10,000 mentorship. That's why we kind of got the name from that, right? It's combining all these different steps into one thing. So think of the sales portion as another complete program in and of itself. One that I think is truly transformative on many, many levels and kind of a completely different.

journey from the one that you've just been on, okay? This journey of marketing, the journey of building out the brand. So, this is gonna be a new space, and the reason why I say that is, we have this primary issue, like most of us, okay? I'm gonna say more than 90% of us. When we're getting into this, I'm not saying each of you are having, you know, this major of an issue right now,

But in general, if I were to look at photographers that are building their businesses, most of them are gonna struggle to consistently convert quality leads into high-paying clients without offering discounts, without giving up positions, without negotiating. They're gonna have a hard time with that, right? And what we tend to think in this process is,

I tend to think that, well, it's because I'm an artist and I don't really like sales. I don't like the idea of selling or being sold to. I don't wanna use pushy or gross sales tactics. That's why I'm not selling as much. I'm introverted, so I'm not gonna be good at this process. Some of us might also think I'm already good at sales. That was actually me, and I'll talk about that in a minute.

But all of these misconceptions and self-limiting beliefs, we take into the sales process. And so it's why I say this is a completely new journey because when we actually go into the process of sales, we're gonna be uncovering a lot of misconceptions, a lot of self-limiting beliefs, and believe it or not, a lot of trauma.

Okay, a lot of these things, they actually stem from our own experiences, many of which were childhood experiences, some of them were young adult experiences, some of them were adult experiences. But they're basically experiences that have given us a negative perception of money, experiences that have given us negative perceptions about the sales process, experiences where we feel like someone cheated us, like they took from us.

and we bring all this, all these issues of potentially self-worth, we bring it into the sales environment. And so that's why this is not only a new journey, it's also why I'm gonna say on repeat that sales is very much a process of unlearning, okay? And the truth is, you don't need to be extroverted, you don't need to be.

be pushy. We don't need to use gross or high pressure tactics. When done correctly, I would say that sales doesn't actually feel like our definition of selling. Okay. It feels like a value added service. It feels like something that we actually want. I'm also going to give you one disclaimer.

to kind of preface all of this. What you're gonna learn throughout part three of this program, in the next series of modules, it's very powerful, okay? Using these tools to actually convince people to do things or to buy things that they don't want, that is straight up manipulation. It is not sales, it's gross, it's a violation.

and I want to I want you to always remember that my number one rule in sales is to be your clients advocate that's first and foremost be their advocate and that means if you can't deliver for this client that means that if you feel like they'd be better off with someone else that means if stylistically maybe you're not a good

fit as their advocate you're not trying to close the sale because you will be capable of it when you get good at these things you will be capable of closing any sale and it's up to you to decide whether it's appropriate or not okay that's gonna be the only disclaimer I'm gonna give you on this I want you to hold

that in your minds and remember it. I also want to state this, there's a difference between learning this and living it, okay? Knowing how something works, it's relatively easy, okay? You can know how something works by reading a book and really trying to understand it, maybe reading it twice, three times. You can know how something works by going to school. But there's a...

a complete difference in studying on how to build a business versus actually building a business. There's a huge difference in understanding the sales process and actually being good at the sales process, okay? So I want you to understand that. You're gonna learn this stuff very quickly.

And then when you get into an actual role-play or a sales scenario, it's gonna all go to crap. You're gonna be like, what just happened right now? I did not do anything that I should have done. I want you to bear with yourself, give yourself some patience, some grace in those moments, and remember that there's a difference between learning something versus living it. Learning it is relatively.

quick, living it's gonna take some time and some practice. But I also wanna give you a bit of light at the end of the tunnel, okay? We have way too many of these for me to screenshot and show all of these, but Ning's was a funny one because Ning was a friend of mine, or he is a friend of mine, I talk about him like he's not a friend of mine anymore. No, Ning's a good friend of mine. He joined the program, he paid full price. He actually texted me, he's like, I'm thinking about joining your program.

Cool dude, but just know I'm not giving you a discount. He's like, no, I would never ask. I'm gonna join the program. And by the way, the reason I do that is not to be a dick. The reason I do that is because if I make it cheaper, if I incentivize, then it takes away someone's commitment to actually doing the program, right? You do the program because you committed a good amount of money to it. And so that's what makes it work. So a few weeks.

into the program he completes the sales module because most of you know from the intro I say if you already have an existing business I want you to go straight to the sales modules because that's where I can change your business almost overnight. So within a few weeks he completes the sales portion, he applies what he learns to actually going into a commercial booking and he turns this