Sales problems in a nutshell. I want you to think of this section of the program. So part three of this program, part one was building your business foundation, making sure that we don't have this leaky bucket, right? We address, we figure out who we're speaking to, what we're offering, we design out our brand, we figure out our pricing, all the kind of product components to set up a proper brand. Step two was all marketing, right? Or not step two, part two of the program, step six through 11, that was all marketing. This was.

SEO, this was social media, this was how we're gonna get our voice out. Now as we go into part three, this is all sales. And I want you to think of this section of the program as basically a journey in and of itself. Each part of this program is, and I've said this before, each part of this program is basically a three or $4,000 program in and of themselves. The sales section, that's why this is a $10,000 mentorship, that's why we kind of got the name from that, right? It's combining all these different steps into one thing. So think of the sales portion.

as another complete program in and of itself. One that I think is truly transformative on many, many levels and kind of a completely different journey from the one that you've just been on. Okay, this journey of marketing, the journey of building out the brand. So this is gonna be new space and the reason why I say that is we have this primary issue, like most of us. Okay, I'm gonna say more than 90% of us. When we're getting into this, I'm not saying each of you are having, you know, this.

this major of an issue right now, but in general, if I were to look at photographers that are building their businesses, most of them are gonna struggle to consistently convert quality leads into high-paying clients without offering discounts, without giving up positions, without negotiating. They're gonna have a hard time with that, right? And what we tend to think in this process is we tend to think that, well, it's because I'm an artist and I don't really like sales, I don't like the idea of selling or being sold to, I don't wanna use pushy or gross.

sales tactics, that's why I'm not selling as much. I'm introverted, so I'm not gonna be good at this process. Some of us might also think I'm already good at sales, that was actually me, and I'll talk about that in a minute. But all of these misconceptions and self-limiting beliefs, we take into the sales process. And so it's why I say this is a completely new journey, because when we actually go into the process of sales, we're gonna be uncovering a lot of misconceptions, a lot of self-limiting beliefs, and beliefs.

Believe it or not, a lot of trauma, okay? A lot of these things, they actually stem from our own experiences, many of which were childhood experiences, some of them were young adult experiences, some of them were adult experiences. But they're basically experiences that have given us a negative perception of money, experiences that have given us negative perceptions about the sales process, experiences where we feel like someone cheated us, like they took from us, and we bring all of this, all these issues of potentially self-worth, we bring it into the sales environment. And so that's why this is.

is not only a new journey, it's also why I'm gonna say on repeat that sales is very much a process of unlearning, okay? And the truth is, you don't need to be extroverted, you don't need to be pushy, we don't need to use gross or high-pressure tactics. When done correctly, I would say that sales doesn't actually feel like our definition of selling, okay? It feels like a value-added service, it feels like something that we actually want. I'm also gonna give you one.

Undisclaimer to kind of preface all of this what you're going to learn throughout part three of this program and the next series of modules. It's very powerful. Okay. Using these tools to actually convince people to do things or to buy things that they don't want, that is straight up manipulation. It is not sales. It's gross. It's, it's a, it's a violation. And I want to, I want you to always remember that my number one rule in sales is to be your client's advocate. That's.

First and foremost be their advocate and that means if you can't deliver for this client That means that if you feel like they'd be better off with someone else. That means if Stylistically, maybe you're not a good fit as their advocate You're not trying to close the sale because you will be capable of it when you get good at these things You will be capable of closing any sale and it's up to you to decide whether it's appropriate or not Okay, that's gonna be the only disclaimer

I'm going to give you on this. I want you to hold that in your minds and remember it. I also want to state this. There's a difference between learning this and living it. Okay. Knowing how something works, it's, it's relatively easy. Okay. You can know how something works by reading a book and really trying to understand it, maybe reading it twice, three times, you can know how something works by going to school. But there's a complete difference in studying on how to build a business versus actually building a business. There's a huge difference.

and understanding the sales process and actually being good at the sales process, okay? So I want you to understand that. You're gonna learn this stuff very quickly. And then when you get into an actual role play or a sales scenario, it's gonna all go to crap. You're gonna be like, what just happened right now? I did not do anything that I should have done. I want you to bear with yourself, give yourself some patience, some grace in those moments, and remember that there's a difference between learning something versus living it.

learning it is relatively quick, living it's gonna take some time and some practice. But I also wanna give you a bit of light at the end of the tunnel, okay? We have way too many of these for me to screenshot and show all of these, but Ning's was a funny one because Ning was a friend of mine, he is a friend of mine, I talk about him like he's not a friend of mine anymore. No, Ning's a good friend of mine, he joined the program, he paid full price, he actually texted me, he's like, I'm thinking about joining your program, I'm like, cool dude, but just know I'm not giving you a discount, he's like, no, I would never ask, I'm gonna join the program. And by the way, the reason I do that is not to be a dick, the reason I do that is because if I make it cheap.

if I incentivize, then it takes away someone's commitment to actually doing the program, right? You do the program because you committed a good amount of money to it, and so that's what makes it work. So a few weeks into the program, he completes the sales module, because most of you know from the intro, I say if you already have an existing business, I want you to go straight to the sales modules, because that's where I can change your business almost overnight, okay? So within a few weeks, he completes the sales portion. He applies what he learns to actually going into a commercial book.

and he turns this, you know, what would have been like an eight or $10,000 job into a $47,000 check. And he's like, dude, this is like a, what, 24, 25 time return on my investment in this program. And then he basically quit the program. He was like, I got what I needed, now I'm done. I'm like, ning, we have so much more to do. Like, let's keep going. Anyway, my point is, when you learn the sales process, you're gonna unlock something very special. Most people, most people do not know how to connect with another.

human being. They do not know how to understand someone else's values. They don't know how to actually empathize. They don't know how to create a solution to someone else's problem. That's what I'm teaching you throughout this section of the program. And when you learn this process, and when you get good at it, you'll realize, oh my goodness, a $5,000 check now becomes a $10,000 check. A $2,000 check becomes a $5,000 check. Or potentially what was a $10,000 client becomes a $50,000 client. Because you.

You're looking for opportunities to serve and you're truly trying to understand and solve problems. So don't think that like what Ning's not doing in this is he didn't take a $7,000 product and market up to $47,000. That's not what sales is. That is again manipulation and that is again the wrong thing. What he's actually doing and what we're doing in these situations is spending time to understand someone's problem and then go, hey, I noticed that you're not doing this on this side. I think there's an opportunity here. What do you think about this?

What do you also think about this? And so what we're doing is building other pieces into this after understanding the problem set, right? After working to understand what it is that they need, what are their goals, all of that, then we start building up something bigger and that's where you land on something like this. I wanna clarify that because sometimes we could think like, oh, being good at sales means that you sell something worth $2,000 but you sell it for $10,000. I'm like, no, that's just stealing in a legal form, okay? All right, so we got that. Now let's.

We're going to go on to the next lesson, we're going to talk about one of the lowest hanging fruits before we dive into it.