Now, we're gonna start to fix your mindset. This is gonna come with time. I don't expect any of you to be like, oh, I am suddenly that much more confident. I'm suddenly, I mean, I do expect an improvement right away because it's gonna reframe the way that you're thinking about sales, but let the other piece of it come with a bit of time. Okay, give yourself some time to kind of process these mindset shifts. But I'm gonna ask this question. We have the benefit right now of actually filming this live. So those that are actually watching this live, I'd love for you to answer this question in the chat. Don't worry, we don't do this often. And if you're not watching this live, there's no difference between taking this in. But I would.

But I would also challenge you, if you're not watching this live, take this question and go into the Facebook group. And if you disagree with what I'm about to say, I'd like for you to share your thoughts with me. Okay. In the mentorship group. So bring it to the mentorship group. If you disagree with this, tell me. But the question is, how can you knowingly, meaning with some level of confidence, create a meaningful and lasting change in someone's life without a transaction? How can you knowingly create a meaningful and lasting change in someone's life without a transaction? Do any of you have any examples of this? Can you do this? Okay. Now.

Beth said, you can't. I'm gonna show you some people that would disagree with me. Marie said, I posted this question in our mastermind group a little while back, not the mentorship group, but the free group. Marie said, you absolutely can. Think about your own positive experiences in a store, getting work done on your home, your pet sitter, receiving care at a hospital. And then she goes, those though typically involve a transaction, there are likely aspects that come along with the transaction that would have occurred without the exchange of money. For example, take a portrait session with a family of special needs child or family member with dementia. Patience by the photographer does not cost extra, but it would create a meaningful experience of the family. Now, the funny thing is.

is that, or you, Pi, with the mastermind workshops, sure, I paid to join, but your teaching methods, your down-to-earth nature and your humor create even more value. So what I said back was, I'd kind of argue that you hit all my points on the head. Every one of those experiences and examples that you said, they had transactions there, right? Even what allows me to create free education for everybody are the transactions that actually support me. Because if I had none of those things, then there would be no ability to do that, right? If there were no support. Even when it comes to like receiving care at a hospital, how many

Transactions had to take place in order to build that building in order to put people right there right to be able to provide care Even if there's I didn't say I didn't say could you do something meaningful without an exchange of money? Sometimes transactions are involve money. Sometimes transactions are barter system. It's a trade of time, right? so so a transaction can be Different things we're committing something to the process a transaction is a commitment. It's a two-way commitment, right? Let's look at this Okay I believe it can it can also come in many forms a simple smile of active kindness that gets passed on helping a homeless man Buy a meal, okay

Well, helping a homeless man buy a meal involves a transaction there. And then the other idea here is, well, what about knowingly create, knowingly, confidently? And what about lasting? I can do one thing for somebody. Do you know how many times I've given a friend golden advice, like advice that would literally change their lives? And they did nothing with it. I can tell you that the number of times where someone actually did something is zero. Okay? Not like the number... I won't say zero because maybe they're behind the scenes learning something and they're doing something. But the amount of...

times that I know where someone's like, Pi, dude, can you just help me out in this space? I offer basically free coaching. Zero, zero times has that been effective. I have more examples of this, okay? You can inspire them with empathy, honesty, and that's really the limit of what we can do without a form of transaction, right? The limit of what we can do without a form of transaction is inspire. But the choice to make a decision, the choice to create meaningful change is on them. And even our ability to inspire them is very likely to require some sort of transaction, either past or present. Meaning, if.

If I don't have the ability to support myself to be able to do this, then I can't inspire for very long, right? So the idea, how can you inspire them without their honest commitment to listen and to be present? What I want you to recognize is that the reason we can create meaningful change is through generally a transaction. I'm not, again, I'm not going to be an absolutist and say in every single case, but I am going to say that in general, if you want to confidently know that this is going to make a lasting and meaningful change, there has to be some sort of two-way commitment. For our two-way commitments, when you're talking to a stranger, we generally

are using money, right? The only reason we're using money for these transactions is because it's the easiest form to actually create a mutual commitment. But in the past, it wasn't money. In the past, it was furs or time, and you still do this. You know, I'll clean your teeth if you wanna take some photos for me, right? We do this constantly. But we have to have a mutual commitment in order to create lasting and meaningful change. One of the best examples of this, well, we won't even go there. I'm not gonna go there. Let's just, okay, someone said, let's see. Meredith said, by giving your photos to those you love unconditionally. Yeah.

and then you can hope. You can give your photos to somebody and then hope, right? But you're not knowingly creating meaningful change, okay? The reason why I spend time here, because I posted this poll in the group, in the Mastermind group. Does selling bother you? Does it bother you that I'm here to sell you on our education and mentorship program? Be brutally honest, pick your answer. 36% said, yes, it makes me a bit uneasy. 100% said, sorry, 9% said, 100%, that thought makes me honestly uncomfortable. 45% said, not really, I know how the world works. Everyone's trying to sell.

something and 10% said no I love selling and being sold when it's done right. I wanted 90% to be in this last one but what it told me was that 45% of us just straight-up fear sales and being sold to. 90% of us don't actually understand the nature of sales. 10% of us know the nature of sales and that's why they appreciate it when it's done well. I share this with you because if we understand that meaningful change requires a transaction then we should stop demonizing sales.

and I don't care if you demonize it out loud, I don't care if it's in your head, but it has to stop. There's nothing wrong with sales. In fact, sales is a beautiful thing when you fall into this group of you appreciate it when it's done right. This is why we hate sales. A good person can sell a ketchup Popsicle to a woman in white gloves. This was from Chris Farley and Tommy Boy, one of my favorite movies. This is our general idea of sales, isn't it? Selling a ketchup Popsicle, something gross, something that nobody would want to a woman in white gloves, the last person that would want that thing. That's what we think sales is. It's the you.

used car salesperson that tries to push us into a car that gets us to pay too much. And I get it. That's what we think sales is because all of us have had so many negative experiences in that kind of arena, right? But actual sales is this. Zig Ziglar said, sales is uncovering the need, manipulation is creating it. That's why I gave you the disclaimer. Sales is simply uncovering someone's need and looking to find a solution for that. In fact, I would argue that you're selling in just any form of conversation with someone where you're trying to convince someone to do.

anything, maybe it's to go out for dinner with your wife, with your husband, with your partner. Maybe it's where the kids should put their time in their activities, which activity they should do. I want the kids to do jiu-jitsu. I'm selling the idea of it to my wife, why this is a good thing, why there's a need there. Sales is everywhere. I want you to start undoing your old definition of it because if we made it more simple, sales is good curiosity. I would say good sales is good curiosity.

Okay, that's it. Why this matters is because we fear sales because of these negative experiences. When we stop fearing the process, we can start to recognize that actual selling, true sales is understanding and relating to your client, uncovering their needs and values, being a kind and empathetic advocate. This is our number one. Helping your clients find a solution. Then you're simply closing by asking for value in exchange for value. The money is just because this is the easiest thing to do because how are we gonna use any other form to transact this? I don't think that's a verb, but that's okay. How are we gonna do that?

Am I gonna give you a $10,000 package and say, what we'll do is your family will just come over to my place to do my laundry for the next four years. There's nothing else that makes sense, so we use money. Money is not inherently good, it is not inherently bad, it is simply kinetic energy, and I'll speak on that in just a moment, but it is simply energy. And sales, when we do these things, can any of you say that you don't want this? If someone were to step in, be genuine, and actually understand who you are, and help to solve your problems, and do that in exchange for some money, would that not be a value-added service that you would?

would want. I think most of us would agree to that, right? But this fear of sales, what it's done is inadvertently trained you to design a sales process that literally pushes people away. It's why we don't think about making that contact form easier to find. It's why we don't think about, you know, getting on the phone with everybody that might be interested. We're so afraid of this idea that we're actually designing things into our systems that are pushing people away. Not to mention when we do actually get on the phone call, then we continue the process of pushing them away by talking about the wrong things. What I'm going to share with you has been learned over.

for the last 20 years, okay? This sales training is kind of combined from my 20 years of experience. We have now passed, Liningers has passed $30 million of revenue collected. So this isn't from education, this is from client paying work over the last 15 plus years. All of this comes from that, okay? And I'm gonna say this, by the way, I didn't put this together myself. I learned from books, I learned from going to courses and all that. I will say this, the process that you're gonna learn in this, the sales process, the psychology behind this is pretty concrete, okay? This stuff is pretty well defined, but I would say that it's your job to take

the specifics of it, of the exact words that you're saying, and make these yours, okay? Bring your personality in this process. What I want you to understand is that the process or the psychology of this, though, is firm. The details is the flexible portion that rely on your personality. The mistake that everybody makes when they step into the sales process is they learn it and then they change it all before they've actually mastered it. So they try to bring their personality into the sales process immediately. Like, oh, I wouldn't do that. Oh, I'm gonna change this. Oh, you asked for the close on the phone. I wouldn't do that. I'm gonna ask for the close in an email. Oh, you do this. I'm gonna change.

I want you to understand to master this process first, then work to make it yours, okay? And know that the process and the psychology of this is pretty set in stone. And what that means is, it doesn't mean that what I'm giving you inside this entire framework, it doesn't mean that you can't do something another way. What I've done is I've created a framework that maximizes conversions, okay? What that means is you get one lead, I'm gonna give you the best chance to convert that one lead. You get 10 leads, I'm gonna give you the best chance. We're gonna make it 80%, 90% chance of closing those 10 leads. But that's under the assumption.

in that for most photographers, their primary bottleneck is gonna be getting more leads. If you're somebody who gets thousands of leads, then you can choose to say, I know the phone is gonna be best for conversion, but it's simply not feasible because of the number of people coming in. So what I'm gonna do instead is I'm gonna send them to a setting page where I have a video that explains my process, and then those that are interested are gonna continue to an actual phone console. Now, is that gonna yield the highest conversion rate? No. What it's gonna do is actually filter people and lower the number.

number of people that make it to the phone so that I spend less time talking to people that are more qualified. So I want you to understand the intent behind this process and why it's set up this way so that you go, if I don't want to call people, then I'd simply need you to say, okay, if you don't want to call people, then you need to figure out a way to generate 10 times more leads. Your, your booking rate is going to drop by 10 X. So rather than out of, out of a hundred people, if you would have spoken to each of them, you would have booked 80. Now you're going from 80 down to 10 people. If you're going to only speak via email, right? So you need to do eight times more work to get back to 80 leads. If you want.

get the same amount of revenue. That's what I want you all to understand this process. Okay. I wanna share with you my ugly truth too. I mentioned to you that I was closing, early on in my career I was closing, and I thought I was really good at sales. This is like 17 years ago. And then my business partner, Justin, sat in one of my meetings and he just, like he kept giving me the eye the entire time. And I remember afterwards, he just laid into me. He's like, why did you, you presented the price and then right afterwards you said, but if there's a problem, we can do something about that. I was like, this is gonna be $4,000, but if you have any issues, just let me know. And he's like, why did you do that?

They immediately just asked for a discount and then you gave them a discount. Why did you do that? And he's like, how come you're talking about the camera the whole time? He gave me so much critique afterwards. I was like, okay, maybe I need to, I mean, I'll be honest, I was a little bit defensive at first, because I was like, dude, I'm closing. And he's like, you're closing because these people are already sold. They saw our stuff, they're already ready to go. Those are the people you're selling. And then as I started actually diving into sales and learning the process, I was like, dude, I'm really bad at this. So I was closing sales for about a year or two before I realized how bad I was. And this is kind of illustrative of the Dunning-Kruger effect. The less you know about.

something the more that you think you do. And then as you learn more about that thing, you start like losing confidence in it until it eventually kind of goes up. But anyway, a lot of us might be in that position. And the reality is that, is really this, I don't know if you've seen this quote, this is one of my favorite from Simpsons way back. But he's like, I've seen teams suck before, but they were the suckiest bunch of sucks that ever sucked. It was one of my favorite lines. But look, the reality is that most of us just are not good at sales. We're all, it's like what I say about jujitsu. When anybody at jujitsu that's get worried about like, oh, my belt or I'm not good enough. I'm like, dude, we all just suck at varying different degrees, okay? There's always gonna be some.

there's gonna be someone that's a lot better, there's gonna be someone that's a lot worse. And this is the exact same thing in the sales process. Having never studied it, I was not good at it. I was good at closing people who were already sold. And I see this a lot among photographers. And what I wanna do throughout this process is take you from someone that can close the person that's already sold and maybe get them into a package that's bigger, that solves more of their wants, more of their needs, so we can upsell them into something bigger, and that's great. And then for the people that aren't sold, you can help them to make the right decision for themselves and hopefully, most of the time, that decision is booking you, okay? The tough truth bomb, which I mentioned, is that this is gonna be as much of a learning process.

as it is an unlearning process and a process where we resolve emotional baggage, okay? So I'm gonna give you that reminder again of learning and living. These are two separate things. We have to practice both as we go. Vince Lombardi had this beautiful quote, famous quote. He said, practice does not make perfect, only perfect practice makes perfect. Because if you practice something incorrectly, then you're just gonna get really good at doing it wrong, right? So I would say most of us are pretty much experts at being not good salespeople. We're really good at that. So let's kind of first unlearn and I'm actually gonna give you some small little kind of mindset exercise in this process for the first few lessons. So I want you to let go of these bad habits, these self-learning.

beliefs, we're going to prepare kind of for this mindset of growth and abundance. I know that mindset and, you know, growth and abundance, these have become like almost these fruity cliche terms that just get thrown around a lot. There's a lot of truth to them though. There's a lot of truth to having a mind of gratitude, to having a mindset of growth, to believing that you can have abundance in your life. There's a lot of truth to that. And so I'm not going to go into the depth of it. I don't feel like we need to. We're going to get it throughout the program of this course or throughout this section of the course. But I will say this. Most of us have money fears. We have fears around having it. We have fears around asking for it.

for it, we have fears around giving it up, that's a crazy one, we hoard it, because we're like, what if I can't make more, right? These are things that we need to undo, because how are you gonna genuinely ask somebody to give up their money if you A, have a hard time asking for it, and B, if you wouldn't do it yourself? If you wouldn't give up your money for the service that you're offering, there's something disingenuous about that then, is there? Right? So we need to create something that we ourselves would pay for. Okay, so your first step, we need to stop fearing sales and money, we need to learn to.

love it within reason, we don't need to worship it, but we need to appreciate what it is, because it's exactly how you're gonna bring about meaningful change to your client's lives. And if you're wondering, like, how did I draw those dots, it's this. You want to go out and create images that are transformative for your clients, right? I don't think there's anybody here that would disagree with that. You wanna create images that they hang in their home, you wanna create images that bring them happiness. The only way for you to do that consistently is to be paid for it. The only way for you to be able to consistently devote your time, your energy to this thing, is for someone to be able to make an exchange that allows you to keep your lights on, that allows you to support your family, that allows you to put a roof over your heads, okay?

Okay, you can't do this without the exchange of money. I think most of you, I know most of you already know this, but I also know that you haven't accepted it. We live in a very beautiful time right now, okay? I don't know if you've ever paused to think about this, but since we're talking mindset, I think this is appropriate to talk about for one moment. 100 years back, a person had to, maybe let's go 200 years back, a person had to sustain themselves. You needed to be able to build your home, you need to be able to work the land, you need to be able to do all these things to be able to sustain yourselves, right? Now we live in this environment where we've gotten to this place that's very.

unique in time. It's a time where basically I can specialize in one specific thing down to a very nitty gritty detail. Something that's not even necessary for life, right? Something that could be a, I could make music, I could make art, I could focus on one specific thing and we can use this economic system that we developed to actually exchange services. Oh, well I do enjoy farming or I do enjoy this but I love listening to music while I do it. Oh, I do really enjoy accounting, I hated accounting but some people do actually enjoy it. I've met those people, I don't like them but there's a lot of people that really love accounting and they still wanna be entertained and they still wanna, you know, have.

that go to the comedy club, they still wanna do all those things. And so each of us can specialize in these things that are meaningful to us individually. And then we use money to exchange to say, I'm putting my energy here, you're putting your energy there. We'll exchange this form of kinetic energy to allow each other to do what the other person likes doing. I don't know if this system's gonna last forever. Be grateful for while it is here. Because in 50 years, who knows? Maybe we all go back to like, okay, we gotta figure out how to provide for ourselves. Again, this whole experiment didn't work. But right now, that's the way that I want you to think about money. It's kinetic energy. Spending money demonstrates that you.

You commit to something that you value. Earning money demonstrates that you can, what did I say? Earning money creates a commitment to provide. So earning money is you providing value and the other person's spending is showing that they actually appreciate the thing that you're creating. That's it. Okay? Whether you're asking for a lot of it, whether you're asking for a little of it, it doesn't matter. This is ultimately what it is and I want you all to get comfortable asking for a lot of it. It's not because we should be trying to screw people over. It's not because, you know, that we're trying to make as much money as possible. This is not a space. Like if you want to . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

make as much money as possible, you should be in finance. You should be in finance, you should be a banker, you should be in one of those areas where you could make hundreds of millions of dollars. This is not that place. You can make a great living doing this. The reason why I want you to charge a lot though is because it takes a lot of your time and your energy to do this thing. This is a luxury product. It's a luxury service. It takes you time to interact, to deal with each client, to sell, to close, and realistically, if we can only handle one or two clients per week, we have to be charging $3,000 to $4,000 a client. That's just a numbers game. If you want to have a good living.

we have to get to that place and so we need to remove the discomfort of earning and recognize exactly what it is a Person that hangs up your photographs in their home. They didn't pay too much for them. They paid two thousand three thousand four thousand dollars That's something to celebrate because they found their memories and they found their values being on the walls of their home as worth that oftentimes we Not just I don't mean like our mentorship But I mean as a community people will often celebrate all these IPS wins and I want you to I want you to celebrate Every sale and every win, but I don't want you to forget the fact that each one of those

was a person who valued their memories and positive moments being something first and foremost in their life that's visible every day. That's really what we're celebrating in this process. And money does not make that dirty, please. So good sales equals good curiosity. Sales is uncovering someone's needs and values and then guiding them towards a meaningful solution as a customer and client. That is something that you would appreciate yourself, right? If you're looking for a laptop, if you're looking for the right fit, if you're looking for anything, a car, someone genuinely doing this, advocating for you, that is something you'd want.

So I want you to embrace that. Your only homework in this one is to accept this truth. We can't make a meaningful difference and if you disagree with this, please jump into the group, let us know. I want to help this idea. We can't make a meaningful difference without a transaction because without it, neither person has a reason to commit to a process. By the way, this doesn't mean that my relationships in my life are transactional. It doesn't mean that yours will be either. One of my closest friends, I am one of his coaching clients and he's one of mine. And you might say, well, Pi, there's not a transaction there. Actually, there is.

committed to coaching him, and he committed to coaching me, we understand what this value is that we each bring to the table, and so we take it seriously. There has to be some meaningful commitment, okay? Number two, what you're signing when you sign this is that you believe client advocacy comes first always. Your function as a salesperson is twofold, okay? There's the idea of always be closing, that's number two. You first always advocate for their best interests, step two, the second thing that you're gonna hold in your mind is always be closing. So we don't close somebody when it's not in their best interest. And I want you to sign this.

This commitment to letting go what you think about sales, the truth that you had about this, and embracing what it actually is with your commitment to client advocacy.