Now, we're gonna start to fix your mindset. This is gonna come with time. I don't expect any of you to be like, oh, I am suddenly that much more confident. I'm suddenly, I mean, I do expect an improvement right away because it's gonna reframe the way that you're thinking about sales, but let the other piece of it come with a bit of time. Okay, give yourself some time to kind of process these mindset shifts. But I'm gonna ask this question. We have the benefit right now of actually filming this live. So those that are actually watching this live, I'd love for you to answer this question in the chat. Don't worry, we don't do this often. And if you're not watching this live, there's no difference between taking this in. But I would.

But I would also challenge you, if you're not watching this live, take this question and go into the Facebook group. And if you disagree with what I'm about to say, I'd like for you to share your thoughts with me. Okay. In the mentorship group. So bring it to the mentorship group. If you disagree with this, tell me. But the question is, how can you knowingly, meaning with some level of confidence, create a meaningful and lasting change in someone's life without a transaction? How can you knowingly create a meaningful and lasting change in someone's life without a transaction? Do any of you have any examples of this? Can you do this? Okay. Now.

Beth said, you can't. I'm gonna show you some people that would disagree with me. Marie said, I posted this question in our mastermind group a little while back, not the mentorship group, but the free group. Marie said, you absolutely can. Think about your own positive experiences in a store, getting work done on your home, your pet sitter, receiving care at a hospital. And then she goes, those though typically involve a transaction, there are likely aspects that come along with the transaction that would have occurred without the exchange of money. For example, take a portrait session with a family of special needs child or family member with dementia. Patience by the photographer does not cost extra, but it would create a meaningful experience of the family. Now, the funny thing is.

is that, or you, Pi, with the mastermind workshops, sure, I paid to join, but your teaching methods, your down-to-earth nature and your humor create even more value. So what I said back was, I'd kind of argue that you hit all my points on the head. Every one of those experiences and examples that you said, they had transactions there, right? Even what allows me to create free education for everybody are the transactions that actually support me. Because if I had none of those things, then there would be no ability to do that, right? If there were no support. Even when it comes to like receiving care at a hospital, how many

Transactions had to take place in order to build that building in order to put people right there right to be able to provide care Even if there's I didn't say I didn't say could you do something meaningful without an exchange of money? Sometimes transactions are involve money. Sometimes transactions are barter system. It's a trade of time, right? so so a transaction can be Different things we're committing something to the process a transaction is a commitment. It's a two-way commitment, right? Let's look at this Okay I believe it can it can also come in many forms a simple smile of active kindness that gets passed on helping a homeless man Buy a meal, okay

Well, helping a homeless man buy a meal involves a transaction there. And then the other idea here is, well, what about knowingly create, knowingly, confidently? And what about lasting? I can do one thing for somebody. Do you know how many times I've given a friend golden advice, like advice that would literally change their lives? And they did nothing with it. I can tell you that the number of times where someone actually did something is zero. Okay? Not like the number... I won't say zero because maybe they're behind the scenes learning something and they're doing something. But the amount of...

times that I know where someone's like, Pi, dude, can you just help me out in this space? I offer basically free coaching. Zero, zero times has that been effective. I have more examples of this, okay? You can inspire them with empathy, honesty, and that's really the limit of what we can do without a form of transaction, right? The limit of what we can do without a form of transaction is inspire. But the choice to make a decision, the choice to create meaningful change is on them. And even our ability to inspire them is very likely to require some sort of transaction, either past or present. Meaning, if.

If I don't have the ability to support myself to be able to do this, then I can't inspire for very long, right? So the idea, how can you inspire them without their honest commitment to listen and to be present? What I want you to recognize is that the reason we can create meaningful change is through generally a transaction. I'm not, again, I'm not going to be an absolutist and say in every single case, but I am going to say that in general, if you want to confidently know that this is going to make a lasting and meaningful change, there has to be some sort of two-way commitment. For our two-way commitments, when you're talking to a stranger, we generally

are using money, right? The only reason we're using money for these transactions is because it's the easiest form to actually create a mutual commitment. But in the past, it wasn't money. In the past, it was furs or time, and you still do this. You know, I'll clean your teeth if you wanna take some photos for me, right? We do this constantly. But we have to have a mutual commitment in order to create lasting and meaningful change. One of the best examples of this, well, we won't even go there. I'm not gonna go there. Let's just, okay, someone said, let's see. Meredith said, by giving your photos to those you love unconditionally. Yeah.

and then you can hope. You can give your photos to somebody and then hope, right? But you're not knowingly creating meaningful change, okay? The reason why I spend time here, because I posted this poll in the group, in the Mastermind group. Does selling bother you? Does it bother you that I'm here to sell you on our education and mentorship program? Be brutally honest, pick your answer. 36% said, yes, it makes me a bit uneasy. 100% said, sorry, 9% said, 100%, that thought makes me honestly uncomfortable. 45% said, not really, I know how the world works. Everyone's trying to sell.

something and 10% said no I love selling and being sold when it's done right. I wanted 90% to be in this last one but what it told me was that 45% of us just straight-up fear sales and being sold to. 90% of us don't actually understand the nature of sales. 10% of us know the nature of sales and that's why they appreciate it when it's done well. I share this with you because if we understand that meaningful change requires a transaction then we should stop demonizing sales.

and I don't care if you demonize it out loud, I don't care if it's in your head, but it has to stop. There's nothing wrong with sales. In fact, sales is a beautiful thing when you fall into this group of you appreciate it when it's done right. This is why we hate sales. A good person can sell a ketchup Popsicle to a woman in white gloves. This was from Chris Farley and Tommy Boy, one of my favorite movies. This is our general idea of sales, isn't it? Selling a ketchup Popsicle, something gross, something that nobody would want to a woman in white gloves, the last person that would want that thing. That's what we think sales is. It's the you.

used car salesperson that tries to push us into a car that gets us to pay too much. And I get it. That's what we think sales is because all of us have had so many negative experiences in that kind of arena, right? But actual sales is this. Zig Ziglar said, sales is uncovering the need, manipulation is creating it. That's why I gave you the disclaimer. Sales is simply uncovering someone's need and looking to find a solution for that. In fact, I would argue that you're selling in just any form of conversation with someone where you're trying to convince someone to do.

anything, maybe it's to go out for dinner with your wife, with your husband, with your partner. Maybe it's where the kids should put their time in their activities, which activity they should do. I want the kids to do jiu-jitsu. I'm selling the idea of it to my wife, why this is a good thing, why there's a need there. Sales is everywhere. I want you to start undoing your old definition of it because if we made it more simple, sales is good curiosity. I would say good sales is good curiosity.

Okay, that's it. Why this matters is because we fear sales because of these negative experiences. When we stop fearing the process, we can start to recognize that actual selling, true sales is understanding and relating to your client, uncovering their needs and values, being a kind and empathetic advocate. This is our number one. Helping your clients find a solution. Then you're simply closing by asking for value in exchange for value. The money is just because this is the easiest thing to do because how are we gonna use any other form to transact this? I don't think that's a verb, but that's okay. How are we gonna do that?

Am I gonna give you a $10,000 package and say, what we'll do is your family will just come over to my place to do my laundry for the next four years. There's nothing else that makes sense, so we use money. Money is not inherently good, it is not inherently bad, it is simply kinetic energy, and I'll speak on that in just a moment, but it is simply energy. And sales, when we do these things, can any of you say that you don't want this? If someone were to step in, be genuine, and actually understand who you are, and help to solve your problems, and do that in exchange for some money, would that not be a value-added service that you would?