would want. I think most of us would agree to that, right? But this fear of sales, what it's done is inadvertently trained you to design a sales process that literally pushes people away. It's why we don't think about making that contact form easier to find. It's why we don't think about, you know, getting on the phone with everybody that might be interested. We're so afraid of this idea that we're actually designing things into our systems that are pushing people away. Not to mention when we do actually get on the phone call, then we continue the process of pushing them away by talking about the wrong things. What I'm going to share with you has been learned over.

for the last 20 years, okay? This sales training is kind of combined from my 20 years of experience. We have now passed, Liningers has passed $30 million of revenue collected. So this isn't from education, this is from client paying work over the last 15 plus years. All of this comes from that, okay? And I'm gonna say this, by the way, I didn't put this together myself. I learned from books, I learned from going to courses and all that. I will say this, the process that you're gonna learn in this, the sales process, the psychology behind this is pretty concrete, okay? This stuff is pretty well defined, but I would say that it's your job to take

the specifics of it, of the exact words that you're saying, and make these yours, okay? Bring your personality in this process. What I want you to understand is that the process or the psychology of this, though, is firm. The details is the flexible portion that rely on your personality. The mistake that everybody makes when they step into the sales process is they learn it and then they change it all before they've actually mastered it. So they try to bring their personality into the sales process immediately. Like, oh, I wouldn't do that. Oh, I'm gonna change this. Oh, you asked for the close on the phone. I wouldn't do that. I'm gonna ask for the close in an email. Oh, you do this. I'm gonna change.

I want you to understand to master this process first, then work to make it yours, okay? And know that the process and the psychology of this is pretty set in stone. And what that means is, it doesn't mean that what I'm giving you inside this entire framework, it doesn't mean that you can't do something another way. What I've done is I've created a framework that maximizes conversions, okay? What that means is you get one lead, I'm gonna give you the best chance to convert that one lead. You get 10 leads, I'm gonna give you the best chance. We're gonna make it 80%, 90% chance of closing those 10 leads. But that's under the assumption.

in that for most photographers, their primary bottleneck is gonna be getting more leads. If you're somebody who gets thousands of leads, then you can choose to say, I know the phone is gonna be best for conversion, but it's simply not feasible because of the number of people coming in. So what I'm gonna do instead is I'm gonna send them to a setting page where I have a video that explains my process, and then those that are interested are gonna continue to an actual phone console. Now, is that gonna yield the highest conversion rate? No. What it's gonna do is actually filter people and lower the number.

number of people that make it to the phone so that I spend less time talking to people that are more qualified. So I want you to understand the intent behind this process and why it's set up this way so that you go, if I don't want to call people, then I'd simply need you to say, okay, if you don't want to call people, then you need to figure out a way to generate 10 times more leads. Your, your booking rate is going to drop by 10 X. So rather than out of, out of a hundred people, if you would have spoken to each of them, you would have booked 80. Now you're going from 80 down to 10 people. If you're going to only speak via email, right? So you need to do eight times more work to get back to 80 leads. If you want.

get the same amount of revenue. That's what I want you all to understand this process. Okay. I wanna share with you my ugly truth too. I mentioned to you that I was closing, early on in my career I was closing, and I thought I was really good at sales. This is like 17 years ago. And then my business partner, Justin, sat in one of my meetings and he just, like he kept giving me the eye the entire time. And I remember afterwards, he just laid into me. He's like, why did you, you presented the price and then right afterwards you said, but if there's a problem, we can do something about that. I was like, this is gonna be $4,000, but if you have any issues, just let me know. And he's like, why did you do that?

They immediately just asked for a discount and then you gave them a discount. Why did you do that? And he's like, how come you're talking about the camera the whole time? He gave me so much critique afterwards. I was like, okay, maybe I need to, I mean, I'll be honest, I was a little bit defensive at first, because I was like, dude, I'm closing. And he's like, you're closing because these people are already sold. They saw our stuff, they're already ready to go. Those are the people you're selling. And then as I started actually diving into sales and learning the process, I was like, dude, I'm really bad at this. So I was closing sales for about a year or two before I realized how bad I was. And this is kind of illustrative of the Dunning-Kruger effect. The less you know about.

something the more that you think you do. And then as you learn more about that thing, you start like losing confidence in it until it eventually kind of goes up. But anyway, a lot of us might be in that position. And the reality is that, is really this, I don't know if you've seen this quote, this is one of my favorite from Simpsons way back. But he's like, I've seen teams suck before, but they were the suckiest bunch of sucks that ever sucked. It was one of my favorite lines. But look, the reality is that most of us just are not good at sales. We're all, it's like what I say about jujitsu. When anybody at jujitsu that's get worried about like, oh, my belt or I'm not good enough. I'm like, dude, we all just suck at varying different degrees, okay? There's always gonna be some.

there's gonna be someone that's a lot better, there's gonna be someone that's a lot worse. And this is the exact same thing in the sales process. Having never studied it, I was not good at it. I was good at closing people who were already sold. And I see this a lot among photographers. And what I wanna do throughout this process is take you from someone that can close the person that's already sold and maybe get them into a package that's bigger, that solves more of their wants, more of their needs, so we can upsell them into something bigger, and that's great. And then for the people that aren't sold, you can help them to make the right decision for themselves and hopefully, most of the time, that decision is booking you, okay? The tough truth bomb, which I mentioned, is that this is gonna be as much of a learning process.

as it is an unlearning process and a process where we resolve emotional baggage, okay? So I'm gonna give you that reminder again of learning and living. These are two separate things. We have to practice both as we go. Vince Lombardi had this beautiful quote, famous quote. He said, practice does not make perfect, only perfect practice makes perfect. Because if you practice something incorrectly, then you're just gonna get really good at doing it wrong, right? So I would say most of us are pretty much experts at being not good salespeople. We're really good at that. So let's kind of first unlearn and I'm actually gonna give you some small little kind of mindset exercise in this process for the first few lessons. So I want you to let go of these bad habits, these self-learning.

beliefs, we're going to prepare kind of for this mindset of growth and abundance. I know that mindset and, you know, growth and abundance, these have become like almost these fruity cliche terms that just get thrown around a lot. There's a lot of truth to them though. There's a lot of truth to having a mind of gratitude, to having a mindset of growth, to believing that you can have abundance in your life. There's a lot of truth to that. And so I'm not going to go into the depth of it. I don't feel like we need to. We're going to get it throughout the program of this course or throughout this section of the course. But I will say this. Most of us have money fears. We have fears around having it. We have fears around asking for it.

for it, we have fears around giving it up, that's a crazy one, we hoard it, because we're like, what if I can't make more, right? These are things that we need to undo, because how are you gonna genuinely ask somebody to give up their money if you A, have a hard time asking for it, and B, if you wouldn't do it yourself? If you wouldn't give up your money for the service that you're offering, there's something disingenuous about that then, is there? Right? So we need to create something that we ourselves would pay for. Okay, so your first step, we need to stop fearing sales and money, we need to learn to.

love it within reason, we don't need to worship it, but we need to appreciate what it is, because it's exactly how you're gonna bring about meaningful change to your client's lives. And if you're wondering, like, how did I draw those dots, it's this. You want to go out and create images that are transformative for your clients, right? I don't think there's anybody here that would disagree with that. You wanna create images that they hang in their home, you wanna create images that bring them happiness. The only way for you to do that consistently is to be paid for it. The only way for you to be able to consistently devote your time, your energy to this thing, is for someone to be able to make an exchange that allows you to keep your lights on, that allows you to support your family, that allows you to put a roof over your heads, okay?