Okay, you can't do this without the exchange of money. I think most of you, I know most of you already know this, but I also know that you haven't accepted it. We live in a very beautiful time right now, okay? I don't know if you've ever paused to think about this, but since we're talking mindset, I think this is appropriate to talk about for one moment. 100 years back, a person had to, maybe let's go 200 years back, a person had to sustain themselves. You needed to be able to build your home, you need to be able to work the land, you need to be able to do all these things to be able to sustain yourselves, right? Now we live in this environment where we've gotten to this place that's very.

unique in time. It's a time where basically I can specialize in one specific thing down to a very nitty gritty detail. Something that's not even necessary for life, right? Something that could be a, I could make music, I could make art, I could focus on one specific thing and we can use this economic system that we developed to actually exchange services. Oh, well I do enjoy farming or I do enjoy this but I love listening to music while I do it. Oh, I do really enjoy accounting, I hated accounting but some people do actually enjoy it. I've met those people, I don't like them but there's a lot of people that really love accounting and they still wanna be entertained and they still wanna, you know, have.

that go to the comedy club, they still wanna do all those things. And so each of us can specialize in these things that are meaningful to us individually. And then we use money to exchange to say, I'm putting my energy here, you're putting your energy there. We'll exchange this form of kinetic energy to allow each other to do what the other person likes doing. I don't know if this system's gonna last forever. Be grateful for while it is here. Because in 50 years, who knows? Maybe we all go back to like, okay, we gotta figure out how to provide for ourselves. Again, this whole experiment didn't work. But right now, that's the way that I want you to think about money. It's kinetic energy. Spending money demonstrates that you.

You commit to something that you value. Earning money demonstrates that you can, what did I say? Earning money creates a commitment to provide. So earning money is you providing value and the other person's spending is showing that they actually appreciate the thing that you're creating. That's it. Okay? Whether you're asking for a lot of it, whether you're asking for a little of it, it doesn't matter. This is ultimately what it is and I want you all to get comfortable asking for a lot of it. It's not because we should be trying to screw people over. It's not because, you know, that we're trying to make as much money as possible. This is not a space. Like if you want to . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

make as much money as possible, you should be in finance. You should be in finance, you should be a banker, you should be in one of those areas where you could make hundreds of millions of dollars. This is not that place. You can make a great living doing this. The reason why I want you to charge a lot though is because it takes a lot of your time and your energy to do this thing. This is a luxury product. It's a luxury service. It takes you time to interact, to deal with each client, to sell, to close, and realistically, if we can only handle one or two clients per week, we have to be charging $3,000 to $4,000 a client. That's just a numbers game. If you want to have a good living.

we have to get to that place and so we need to remove the discomfort of earning and recognize exactly what it is a Person that hangs up your photographs in their home. They didn't pay too much for them. They paid two thousand three thousand four thousand dollars That's something to celebrate because they found their memories and they found their values being on the walls of their home as worth that oftentimes we Not just I don't mean like our mentorship But I mean as a community people will often celebrate all these IPS wins and I want you to I want you to celebrate Every sale and every win, but I don't want you to forget the fact that each one of those

was a person who valued their memories and positive moments being something first and foremost in their life that's visible every day. That's really what we're celebrating in this process. And money does not make that dirty, please. So good sales equals good curiosity. Sales is uncovering someone's needs and values and then guiding them towards a meaningful solution as a customer and client. That is something that you would appreciate yourself, right? If you're looking for a laptop, if you're looking for the right fit, if you're looking for anything, a car, someone genuinely doing this, advocating for you, that is something you'd want.

So I want you to embrace that. Your only homework in this one is to accept this truth. We can't make a meaningful difference and if you disagree with this, please jump into the group, let us know. I want to help this idea. We can't make a meaningful difference without a transaction because without it, neither person has a reason to commit to a process. By the way, this doesn't mean that my relationships in my life are transactional. It doesn't mean that yours will be either. One of my closest friends, I am one of his coaching clients and he's one of mine. And you might say, well, Pi, there's not a transaction there. Actually, there is.

committed to coaching him, and he committed to coaching me, we understand what this value is that we each bring to the table, and so we take it seriously. There has to be some meaningful commitment, okay? Number two, what you're signing when you sign this is that you believe client advocacy comes first always. Your function as a salesperson is twofold, okay? There's the idea of always be closing, that's number two. You first always advocate for their best interests, step two, the second thing that you're gonna hold in your mind is always be closing. So we don't close somebody when it's not in their best interest. And I want you to sign this.

This commitment to letting go what you think about sales, the truth that you had about this, and embracing what it actually is with your commitment to client advocacy.