the weeds. If we have five minutes, I want to give them a basic version of the wave, tell them how important it is that we do this in full, that we plan out and understand what their values are so we can plan the shoot and then book that next consultation. Alright, key number two. Most leads, they're

gonna wanna know the price right away if they didn't see that thing on your website. If they saw the prices start at and clients typically spend, that satisfies most, I would say. But there's gonna be some people that don't see that. When people don't see that, when they don't know, when they have no idea, there's a good chance.

that they're gonna ask, what is the price? That's okay. We want to give them the bone, okay? We don't wanna treat this like, remember the idea, the analogy that I give is like, holding back price with somebody is like, you know, trying to pull a bone out of a dog's mouth. It's just not a good idea, you're gonna get bit. So what we wanna do is.

is give them the bone. If you want to see a real life example of this, you can literally go look in our Facebook group and there's an objection from Richard. He posted an objection to one of our ads and I responded to it because his objection was like, but what is it going to cost me, right? It was for like a three-day boot camp.

and I basically linked it and I said you know you can the eventually we'll be talking about the mentorship program the three-day boot camp is entirely free you can see all the details of the mentorship program with the price right there he then comes into our group and he proceeds to harp on but what is the price but what is the price because he didn't read it

So, you can literally see the bones stuck in his mouth throughout the process, right? And this is natural. It's not something to be offended by. It's not something to be upset by. It's a human nature is, some people are nicer about it than others, but it is natural to want to know, what can I expect?

Expect from this what is the expected cost even if it's not exact give me an idea So I can wrap my head around this so that's all we do if they ask that question We just give them the bone right sure thing my prices start at and most of my clients spend around this on their package But if you do have a few minutes, I'd love to learn about what you're looking for help you find a good fit

And and from there I can give you an exact quote Okay For most that's good enough for some they might say well Can't you just give me that exact quote now or something along those lines, right? They want more and this is where I just give them a simple idea, you know This is kind of like buying a car like if you come into my dealership

and I'm trying to get you the right car for you and you keep asking about price, I don't know what to tell you because our cars can range from $20,000 to $80,000 and I don't know what it is that you're actually wanting. So that's my goal. That's why I say prices start at and most of my clients spend around this. If that is in the ballpark for you,

Then let's continue this conversation, because by the end of this, I think I'm gonna not only understand what it is you're looking for, I can help you as you move forward and you try to find the right fit, I can help you in that process so you hire the right photographer for you. So no obligation, but either way, you're gonna walk away from this with value.

from the conversation that we have. How does that sound? Can we keep going? So and then I just ask their permission. Now, what I just said right now, I'm just paraphrasing it all. Please, don't feel like that's a script. None of this stuff is meant for you to like go, oh, I have to say it this way. It's to give you ideas of what we're trying to do. We're trying to alleviate the objection, the concern.

right the belief behind this when somebody says like yeah, but I want to know the price the belief behind it is I can't afford this service so we're addressing the belief right by saying most of my clients will spend around this okay that's usually

going to solve it all right now we can talk more specific objection handlers when we get to the next module but that should be good enough for now just understand that key number two is if they have a major you know kind of hang up we need to resolve that now most of the time this comes in the form of price but maybe there's something else they have a burning question about which is why before i

I jump into the wave, I'll ask, hey, I have this visualization exercise that I like to do to help me really understand what my clients value. And from there, I can figure out what is the best package, the best solution for them. But before I get into that, do you have any burning questions for me, right? And I just leave it right there. So anything that they have on their mind, we get out right then.

and then I have their permission to basically go into the wave. Key number three is, I like to do this as often as possible, disrupt their thought process and what they might typically expect, right? Most photographers are gonna be really annoying, not wanting to share pricing, not wanting to, you know, they haven't gone through this program.

they don't understand like price is not something that we should be ashamed about so they withhold they withhold or they say oh when you come in you know i'll share the prices with you or when you do this that that's really annoying kind of stuff so so anytime i can say like anytime i can differentiate myself or disrupt a thought

a belief, then I'll do that. This comes in a number of ways. One with the wave is like I'll sometimes introduce the wave and say, okay, this exercise is a bit odd, but I want you to stick with it for a second because it's really going to help me to understand you and your values. That's a disruptor because nobody else is saying something like that, right? If I said,

said, you know, most photographers, if they say, they ask me about price, right? And I say, you know, most photographers are going to make you come in to learn their pricing. I find that kind of annoying. So I'm going to respect your time. I'm going to do something a little bit different. I'm going to respect your time by giving you the price now. And then I would simply say, my prices start at this. Most of my clients spend this, right? These are both examples of, of basically disreputable.

disruptors. So anytime you feel like, Hey, there's the way that they're thinking is this, this is the common belief. And I could say something here that would shift that belief that would help them to understand that I'm different. You have my, my go ahead, my thumbs up to just go with it. I want you to disrupt their thought process, um, from what they're typically expecting.

in this. You can do that again in other ways too. Just being your genuine self is very much a disruptor as well. Alright, but I want you to think of it as that. Key number four is to uncover their values, speak to who they are and what they actually want. So we're gonna use the wave for this and then after we've kind of stepped into that process

process, after we've described how understanding their values, we've played out their values, we've gotten their ideas from it, we've talked about how the solution kind of fits their values and we've designed this whole collection around what they want and they value, right? At that place, we set an anchor.

As your photographer, isn't it critical that I know what you want and value in your photography? Like could you imagine someone picking up the camera without knowing these things? How do you know they'd capture something meaningful to you? You can phrase this, do you see, however you want, right? It's an anchor. It's simply...

basically a pre-loaded question to get them to realize, oh, it is important that my photographer actually understands me. That's something to consider in addition to price. I shouldn't only be looking at price when I compare these services. This is another form of kind of, you can call it an anchor.

and call it a disruption tool, but it's something there to get them to kind of start thinking, okay, I have how much I want to spend on this side, but I have what kind of service I want to get on this side. These two conflicting beliefs, they need to be resolved. And we need to help them to understand what they're actually doing in hiring a photographer so they can resolve it.

that. Key five, I want you to keep the pace up. Okay, so that means like we don't want these phone consultations to slow down too much. These typically are a bit faster in overall cadence. You don't need to try to make it that way, by the way. Just understand that they're generally a bit faster in cadence.

and if they have to go, we're gonna invite them to that next step. So again, going back to that idea of that goal, like our objective is to differentiate and then invite them to the next step, right? I said invite them in for a consultation, but it can be a Zoom consultation, it could be another phone call,

It could be in person, but we keep the promise, right? You mentioned you only had 10 minutes for this call. I wanna respect that. Why don't we set a date? How about this Thursday at 7 p.m.? And let's hop on Zoom. Let's have your husband there so we can have a conversation. I honestly wanna do the same exercise that I did with you with him.

and really spend a little bit of time there to figure out what he appreciates and values. Don't you think that that would be useful too? Like, aren't you curious what he might say? Oh yeah, I would love to know that. Okay, so how does Thursday at seven work for you? Once somebody who's rushed gets the sense that you understand they're rushed and you're setting up a plan.

the next call, you'll immediately see their pressure settle. They're like, Oh, good. They understand that I have to run right now. We're going to set up the next call. So we want to make sure that we follow that now getting into some more of the kind of like getting a little bit more tactical, right? Body language is, is important.