Welcome to module 15. We are one away from the goal line and you're gonna dig this. I think what we're gonna do here, well, not I think you're gonna dig it, I know you're gonna dig it. It's gonna be a quick one. We're gonna dive in and just really talk about kind of some of the questions that we get when it comes to phone-based sales consultations, right? Like how quickly should I call my leads back? How often should I call my leads back? So we're gonna dive in and just really talk about kind of some of the questions that we get when it comes to phone-based sales consultations, right?

Often, when should I call them? How do I sell over the phone? What things change? And how do I kind of succeed over the phone? So I'm gonna give you some simple ideas, some techniques, as well as just some kind of tips on how to get more success out of your phone consultations. And really, you can apply a lot of this over to, say, Zoom consultations.

as well. If we're looking at like an in-person consult versus a zoom consult versus a phone consult, what I like to kind of have you keep in mind is is really level of patience, right? Somebody's level of patience in an in-person consultation is pretty high. On a zoom consultation it kind of drops a bit and on the phone consultation it drops to the lowest level.

So that's really what we're kind of keeping in mind as we go through this module. We're talking about techniques on how to address that effectively. Once again, this is fast paced. If you have any questions at all, just bring it right to our sessions. Remember the mentorship group best place to ask questions. You can it can be course related business related. It's also the best place to.

to seek advice, feedback from peers, to share your thoughts on different subjects, and of course, to share wins and aha moments. It's also the best place to find a role-play buddy. Remember, in the sales section, I'm encouraging you nonstop to find role-play buddies, because this is how you're gonna really master the material and make it yours. One more thing, I am working on some updates.

of the sales handbook. This is basically your summary of kind of all the material that we're talking about in the sales section of the course. It's not really meant to be read on its own but what it's meant to be is a reference guide because at any point in time I think it's gonna be challenging maybe even not really possible to basically pull up lesson material when you are in a classroom.

consultation right but most definitely you can have the sales handbook in front of you even on a zoom call you could have on the left side as a guide to kind of help you stay on track with things so it's meant to be there as a quick reference a quick resource even training material if you're at a place where you might bring someone on to handle sales for you it can do that as well

Okay, so be sure to use it. All of the summaries and scripts are included inside of here and I'm doing some updates to it as we go. All right, let's go ahead and dive into the first lesson. Stop the emails and pick up the phone. I know what you're thinking. I know this is an uncomfortable idea. I want you.

you to embrace it though. It's going to get more comfortable with time, especially as you practice and you do role plays. Sales does not have to be that thing you fear. I don't want it to be the thing that you fear because well picking up the phone, this is the single most powerful sales tool that you have. This was said by Grant Cardone, very famous sales.

person, I don't necessarily agree with all the stuff that he says, but in this area of sales, the man knows what he's talking about. And I couldn't agree more with this. This is a chance for you to actually have, well, a first differentiator that very few people are doing. Okay. And let me tell you what I mean by that. When you reach out to somebody with a phone, you're going.

to create a personal connection with them. That's the goal, that you create a personal connection, that you share, well, that you work to understand their values, their wants, and then how your solution fits those, and kind of creating a little bit of a, well, I do something different from others, right? That by itself is a differentiator. Stepping in to understand someone else and doing this.

over an actual conversation separates you from the crowd, and here's why. This past year, Chris thought, my business partner, he's like, I'm gonna do a little study of my own just to see how many other studios that are at our level, like successful studios, that are actually following good sales principles, okay? So he pretended.

tends to be a lead. This was all done for a good purpose, okay? And he submits to their websites through the contact form to see how many of these people will actually reach out to him. Now, somewhere around like half didn't even have automated responses to let the person, like to let Chris know that.

Yes, we have received your information. We'll be in touch shortly. So 50% didn't even have a basic message to confirm, right? Then he goes, nobody called me within five minutes. Not a single one. And this wasn't a few, by the way. I think he picked like 30 different studios. It was a decent sample size for this little test. He goes on.

Not a single one called me back within five minutes. He goes, I think maybe two called me back the same day. A few called me back within the next few days. So it was like two or maybe three days, but he's like only maybe 20% actually called me back. The rest did not call. The rest.

We're trying to basically continue the conversation via email and attempt to close and he was like and of those I had Probably at least 10 studios that just didn't even respond like they just didn't respond to the inquiry, right? Maybe business is so good for them that they don't need to respond back to people. Maybe it got lost in their inbox

Who knows? The point is, is the number of people that are actually making phone calls was, well, within five minutes was zero. Within like two to three days was maybe 10% of the entire group, okay? So if you're calling people.

Right away, yes, this is a huge way to differentiate your services. And I want you to keep in mind, this was not a study done of small to mid-level studios. This was a study done of the successful studios, the peers that we have in the industry. And that's how bad it was. So all that is.

say this is one of those fears that's worth overcoming because it's going to translate to every other aspect of your life too. I know that it's uncomfortable to start these conversations up to have a call like this, but keep in mind they want your services. They need what you're doing. What you're doing is meaningful.

And if I need a service that you're offering and you're willing to actually call me, to walk me through it, to help me understand what I need, what I'm looking for, to create a solution for that, that's valuable. And you should never feel uncomfortable about giving something that somebody actually wants.

something that they value something that they appreciate you shouldn't feel bad about making that call or about bothering somebody okay so all that said this is the actual lead workflow that that we've set up for our studio okay when possible i know sometimes this is not gonna be possible so treat this as like uh this is this is kind of

of what I would set up for ourselves. Um, this is kind of a, my version of what a best practice of what would look like, but you might make tweaks to this depending on your goals and where you're at. But look, call each lead within five minutes of receipt. This is your, your first goal. Okay. If that's not possible, you're going to call within one.

hour. If that's not possible then call during the next ideal window and I'm gonna give you that in the next lesson. With first contact usually I'm gonna spend 10 to 15 minutes on an initial consult because most people if we're talking about weddings they might not be ready for like a complete close which can usually take like 30-45 minutes plus.

right for for to close like larger jobs so first contact for me is usually 10 to 15 minutes second contact that's when we're going to do a full consult and that's when i'd encourage you if you're going to do a second you know uh second consultation right uh the second contact point make sure you invite the other stakeholders there so for me if it's a wedding uh and

I'm gonna ask hey, should we bring your fiance onto this so we can get their thoughts too and make sure you're both good to go Now they might say oh, I'm the one that's in charge of this But I'm gonna make the invitation in that first contact when I set up the second one Okay, so this is where I move to close in the second contact right in that second consultation And I'm gonna give you very

of this in just a moment because I know you're gonna have probably have questions about this. Now if I can't get a hold of them then after three attempts calling right so I try first in the first window I can't get a hold of them then I do maybe in the next one hour is not possible but I do the next open window right and that doesn't work then I try the next day at an open window that doesn't work. For me personally

after three call attempts, that's where I'm gonna email the pricing and experience guide. I'm gonna send them an email that says, hey, I tried reaching out to you. This, by the way, is my cell phone number in case maybe you didn't recognize it. I'm gonna go ahead and send you the pricing and experience guide, which is attached. If you have any questions, please let me know. I'd love to work with you. I'd love to hop.

a call so I can understand your needs and what I can do for you. I'm basically cutting them loose at this point. For me, after three phone attempts, I'm kind of letting the lead go. I'm not sending the pricing experience guide out thinking that they're going to reach back out to me. This is like I'm cutting the fish loose, okay? So I want you to

Treat it that way. We're not sending the pricing experience guide out with the first contact. We're not doing any of that. I'm trying to, I want to give them the best possible experience. I want to help them figure out the solution for them. I don't want to just send off a pricing guide and help them figure out on your own. That's why I told you earlier, like we want to make this look nice, but we want to realize also that we're really not gonna be sending out this much unless we're-

we're like cutting someone loose and this is what we're talking about, okay? Now, how might this change based on your goals or your business? Well, look, first, call each lead within five minutes of receipt. For some of you, this is gonna be possible because you're approaching your photography business as a full-time job. We have others, like for example, Lucille.

is one of our alumni who's crushing it part-time. She does like, I don't know, 30 elopement shoots. These are short shoots a year. She makes $80,000 plus as her side gig and her full-time job, she works in IT and she loves it. So she's like, I don't want to quit my full-time job. I want to keep doing this. But what that does is it makes it.

so that she can't answer calls when they come in because she's generally at work, right? So what she's set up is a process to actually convert people through the website, through the online experience. And we have to do that. Like anytime we have to make a concession with the business, what I'm laying out for you here is like the optimal way to set up your business, right? It doesn't mean that that's what's.

it's gonna be possible every time. So every time we make a concession, every time we do something that's less than optimal, what we need to do is understand what that decision means. See, if I get on the phone with a lead that comes in, I'm gonna convert. If I'm good at my sales process, you've learned this material, you've practiced it, and you call them within five minutes, good chance you're gonna get a lead.

going to convert 80 to 90% of qualified leads that come in. Okay. So you're going to convert them with that phone call. But as soon as I go, okay, now I'm going to depend on my website to actually make the sale, then that conversion rate is going to drop from like 80 to 90% down to probably 10 to 20%. What does that mean? It doesn't mean we can't.

still run a successful business. But what it does mean is that we need that many more visitors, that many more leads to make up for that gap. So I focus on throughout this program on giving you kind of the best steps and focusing on like what is optimal, but with the understanding that we're going to have to make tweaks and adjustments here and there. Okay, I want you to recognize that. So call

Calling someone within five minutes of receipt is how you maximize every lead coming in. Because if we kind of look at it as one of the biggest pain points and problems that photographers have, is we're just not getting that many leads. So before we try to get more leads, it's easier to try to just capitalize on the ones that are coming in. Well, before we try to get, if we got 10,

leads a month, before I go and worry about getting 20 leads a month, why don't I convert 8 of the 10 leads versus right now I'm only converting 2. Okay, that's the idea there is by doing these simple things we can level up very quickly without having to worry about bigger issues like how do I double the amount of leads coming in.

All right, so if that's not possible so like say for example for Lucia Well, it might not even possible the next hour, but she calls during the next possible window Sometimes that's the next day and that's actually when she does the wave with them So she often will do the wave after someone's actually already booked and she has someone else Essentially handle the first call to basically set it all up and to get them close

So we make adjustments and things as we go. But that's on that side. Now, for me, another example would be when you hit this first contact, usually a 10 to 15 minute consult. If you're in a portrait space where you're doing like IPS or you're doing like more simple shoots, you can close them within 10 to 15 minutes.

Thomas is a great example of that. We have a lot of people that are closing within the first few minutes of a consult because they do boudoir or they do family portraits or they do these other areas where I don't need a full one hour consultation. We can go through it briefly and we can actually move to close in that first call.

So don't feel like you have to set up a second consultation, but if you're in the space of say like larger events Let's say weddings. Let's say corporate. Let's say brand portraits those types of spaces Generally, you're gonna need a bit more time to work through and develop a full plan and a full package that would fit their needs This is where oftentimes the first

point of contact we don't have enough time we're just calling them back immediately to kind of be the first ones to reach out to them and that's where the second consultation we would move to to actually close okay so that's one other adjustment there one other idea too is is this i have people like like um the physical therapist that i work with he has his own

sales rule. I've helped build his sales process and adjust it. And one of the rules that he loves, it makes his girls who actually do the sales, it makes them very uncomfortable. But one of their rules is you call until you get a no. All right. Now, truthfully, that is probably the best. If you want to maximize revenue, that is the best way to do it.

do it you call until you get a no but it might be uncomfortable for you it might be and and uncomfortable to a point because like all this might be uncomfortable right but I want you to embrace the majority of it if if if you're like you know five times is just too much I don't want to bug someone that much you know that then that's fine for me the number is around three attempts if I call

someone three times and they don't answer then I'm going to send off the guy but maybe for you it's going to be five. I'll be honest the reason that it's three for me is not because I'm worried about bothering them because if they gave me their information I do want to reach out to them. I want to figure out what I can do for them. The reason I limit it to three attempts is I've got a lot of leads coming in so if you don't answer after three I'm going to work I'm going to move on to the next

one okay so so it's not because I feel bad by any means five attempts would be totally fine too but you can set whatever number there that you would like as well so those are all ideas for adjustments here but I want to give you a basic flow with this now anytime a client has a potential objection okay

This is a general rule. So we're talking about the sales process right now. I want to step out of that for just a moment and say anytime there's an objection or even a potential issue with a client, I don't want you to try to resolve these over a phone call. I want you to resolve these over an email. I want it to be a phone call.

for this, I'm going to give you the first and biggest reason, whatever you say, whatever you write in an email or in a text message, it can be held against you. Now, not to say that a lot of clients are going to be legally holding it against you, but whatever you say, if you make a promise, if you say this, they're going to at some point say, well, you said this, so you should do this. That's number one.

So that by itself should be enough to make you go, you know what? Any of these types of more complex issues, I'm going to have a phone call with somebody, but there's a whole list of other reasons and it all comes down to miscommunication. It is so easy to misunderstand somebody in text and email. It is so easy to not understand their tone. How many times have you gotten upset at someone that texted you something and

You didn't know that they were making a joke and you didn't read it that way because you read it this way. How many times did they just say the wrong thing? There's so much opportunity for miscommunication in these written formats. I want you to skip it. Anytime someone has a sales objection, so they're not booked yet, they're in the process, they have a question, a concern, get them on the phone. Anytime an-

actual client has an issue, get them on the phone, but let's not do this over emails. You're only gonna set yourself up for problems down the road. Okay, let's jump to the next lesson. All right, so this one is a quickie. Your phone and timing are everything, so I'm gonna combine the two. So phone is the most amazing sales tool, but timing is also important.

I think you guys already know this because we've talked about the statistic quite a few times This was the study done by Zant We don't have to take these numbers as literal for our industry because this is a general this is a broad study That's been done, right? But we can look at the idea the premise that when we call somebody within the first five minutes it increases the likelihood of

contact by 100 times when compared to 30 minutes. And within one hour, look at the fall off. From one, like the chance of connecting with them is 12 times less compared to just two hours. Now, I don't think our clients are dropping off after 24 hours, like here it says zero.

I don't think that's possible. That's not us, right? That's not our industry. But what we can get from this is most certainly there is a huge difference between calling something back within five minutes, which is best, versus one hour, which is next best, versus 24 hours, which in my opinion is far too long. It's not even, I don't feel like it's an opinion. It's just.

the facts, okay? 24 hours as a response time is such a large window to get back to somebody and there's a good chance that this person has reached out to other businesses, other studios, maybe it was weeks ago, right? They could have been like putting out their information in multiple places so that other business it's not like they're getting back to them in a timely way.

way, but in the time that it took for you to get back to them, they've already called and they've already booked and went with someone else. So when somebody sends you an inquiry, when it is top of mind, right? They're thinking about it right now. I want you to call them back. It makes so much sense why the five minute rule is so powerful is because I'm literally stuck thinking.

thinking about this problem right this moment, and then you called me back in the same moment. There's a good chance that I have the time, my thought process is already on it, and so this is why speed to lead is literally the number one rule in sales. Speed to lead. The faster somebody gets back to somebody.

There's, I think, they said somewhere around like 40 to 70% of sales, they simply go with the first person that reach back out to them. That's it. 40 to 70% of sales choices are based on the first people to reach out to them. That's crazy. So I want you to understand that and take this into account when we talk about that lead workflow.

why this is our goal to get back to somebody within five minutes, all right? And of course, when it's not possible, the next possible window. So what is that window? Generally, if we're talking about consumer portraits, the windows are this. Your ideal time is between four and six. Second ideal time is between six and 7 p.m. or eight and 10 a.m., okay?

That being said, if we're looking at certain industries, and this is based on your time zone, your area, you know, this is a general thing. And consumer portraits is like family, weddings, you know, that kind of stuff, because most of the people in that space, they have jobs that are occupying basically like their nine to five time window, right? So that's why these ideal times are best. And if you were to ask me.

I really like the 6 to 7 p.m. slot. I find that when I call people at like 8, 9-ish, they're in a rush to like get their day moving. You know, I don't generally have good conversations then. So I want you to kind of play around with this and figure out like what works best for you. For me, I love the 6 to 7 slot. It's people are off work. They have a moment. Their day is more relaxed.

they're kind of chilling and that's a really great time to reach out. A caveat to this, if you're in the brand portrait space, if you're in the commercial space, then I want you to generally stick to the five-minute rule inside of business hours, right? Because if we're dealing with other businesses, then you should be calling them during business hours essentially.

person reaches out to me and it's six o'clock or seven o'clock, I'm still going to call them right back. I generally follow the five-minute rule all the way up to 8 p.m. That was my rule for me when I was taking sales. After 8 p.m. I would call them back essentially the next day, the next business hour. But my thought there is even though it's outside of business hours, if they call at six

p.m. they're still working so why not me give them a call back shows them that you know I'm a hustler too I I'm working late too right so why not do that you set your own time frame but just understand that if we're talking about consumer portraits where people have nine-to-fives our time window is gonna be different if we're talking about someone that's in the business arena then we're actually trying to reach them during

business hours because that's when they're thinking about this kind of stuff. The idea here, let's get a hold of them when they're thinking about it and we know they're definitely thinking about it when their lead first pops in. Alright, that's it. Next lesson. So this lesson I feel like is kind of the the meat of this entire module.

I'm gonna give you 10 keys or 10 specific techniques and things to think about while you're having a conversation on the phone. And honestly, this is any sales consultation, but over the phone, certain things become more important because we don't get to see each other visually, okay? All right, so let's dive right into this. First, the buyer psychology.

When someone commits to say an in-person consult, right, they're generally gonna be more willing to put in the time and the energy. This is what I'm mentioning in the intro. Our patience level, when we commit to an in-person consult, we're kind of already in a commitment area, right? Our patience level is higher, we're expecting to have a longer conversation.

That's the mindset that we go into. On the phone, our croc brain is on high alert, that instinctual spot where we wanna keep things fast, we want things simple, we wanna know what's in this for me. We're just so on alert because of all the nonsense type of phone calls that we get, okay? So, and you've noticed that when,

Like you pick up a phone call and it's a number that you don't recognize and you're like, hello. And then you get someone that's like a friend and they're like, hey, is this a good time? And you're like, oh, I'm sorry, I thought you were a telemarketer or something. My bad, I didn't save your number. So we can feel that croc brain on high alert constantly. And that's really important to keep in mind as a salesperson.

because our goals have to be kind of in this order. Number one is we gotta get past that croc brain. We gotta quickly mention, hey, this is Pi, or hey, this is Steph, this is Meredith, this is Tamara. I'm calling from this photography. I saw your information that you just submitted and I wanted to get back to you as quick as possible.

That leapfrogs the croc brain because they go oh I asked for this this is something that's that's gonna be beneficial to something that I want right the second goal that we have is let's avoid the neocortex meaning like we want to avoid the neocortex generally in sales not saying like we can do a perfect job of it but we can we can generally do pretty good with this right but

But most especially during phone sales, because again, that's a space where we're usually not in the mind to dive into like these deeply logical, rational conversations. I got to look this up. I got to check this. We typically are not in the space to do that. So we want to avoid that. And obviously our goal is to keep them in the limbic system.

So that's really one, we get past the croc brain, two, we avoid the neocortex, and three, we stick in the limbic system with good questions. Okay. So we want to hold them there. We want to keep the conversation simple and focused on their needs. Your phone goals. Oftentimes on an initial call, you're not going to

be able to close, it depends on what you're selling. Sometimes, if you're selling portraits, oftentimes you will be able to close because it's a simpler service to sell, right? But if we're selling something more high ticket, if it's weddings, if we're selling something where we need to put together a complete collection, if we're putting together like a commercial pricing

or for a brand portrait session, usually we have to put together some sort of proposal and there needs to be a little bit of time to think about it or at least they need to see it. And that means that oftentimes, even if they're in the right space to close over the phone call, the first time we reach out to them, they might just not have enough time to do it all, okay? Which likely means that we set up a second call.

for this. So in your first consult the goal is really I need to disrupt and show value meaning I need them to think of me as different than others and I need to show value to them in this process and what I can bring to the process. If possible close the sale great but if not then we book the next phase. Now I put here it's an

person consult, but it doesn't have to be. It could be a zoom-based consult. It could be a longer phone call with both stakeholders there. But again, let's make sure that we set up the space to be able to close. And that means that if this is a product or a service that requires somebody else's consent, like if it's a couple that's hiring you, if it's a senior and they need their

parent to actually pay for it, then what we want to make sure is when we set up that next call, however it is, whether it's in person, Zoom, or on the phone, that both the stakeholders are there for that. So just be sure that we get there with this. So these are primary kind of objectives. Now I want to give you

techniques. So these are going to get more specific. I want you, key number one is, it is incredibly frustrating to get on a call to say yeah I have 15 minutes and then for the other person not to respect it. So I want you to respect their time but I also want you to respect yours and that's where I usually open.

with something like, hey, I have a few minutes before my next meeting, or I happen to have 15 minutes, I wanted to give you a quick call. So I usually launch into this and say, do you have a few minutes to talk about your event? This is right after I kind of introduced myself, I'll say this, right? So that way they know, I want them to get a sense that like, look, I'm following

the five minute rule and I'm calling them back right away that doesn't mean my day is completely free it just means that I happen to have a few minutes right now I saw you just reach out I want to get back to you as quick as possible. I'm going to respect that promise because even though I said I have 10-15 minutes they're kind of expecting the call at that point to last 10-15 minutes.

Right. So if I get to that phase and we want to continue I might say, you know I might be able to push my next meeting or I might be able to push this next thing Would you like to continue this conversation or would it be better if we scheduled another call? So I might ask that question, you know, like if we feel like okay, I could potentially click

close if we continue, right? Otherwise, I'm just gonna stick to it. If they mention a timeframe, like, oh yeah, I have five minutes, we're gonna stick to that. And we're gonna remember the goal here, the objectives was to show value, disrupt and show value, and then book the next session. That's it. So we don't need to get in.

the weeds. If we have five minutes, I want to give them a basic version of the wave, tell them how important it is that we do this in full, that we plan out and understand what their values are so we can plan the shoot and then book that next consultation. Alright, key number two. Most leads, they're

gonna wanna know the price right away if they didn't see that thing on your website. If they saw the prices start at and clients typically spend, that satisfies most, I would say. But there's gonna be some people that don't see that. When people don't see that, when they don't know, when they have no idea, there's a good chance.

that they're gonna ask, what is the price? That's okay. We want to give them the bone, okay? We don't wanna treat this like, remember the idea, the analogy that I give is like, holding back price with somebody is like, you know, trying to pull a bone out of a dog's mouth. It's just not a good idea, you're gonna get bit. So what we wanna do is.

is give them the bone. If you want to see a real life example of this, you can literally go look in our Facebook group and there's an objection from Richard. He posted an objection to one of our ads and I responded to it because his objection was like, but what is it going to cost me, right? It was for like a three-day boot camp.

and I basically linked it and I said you know you can the eventually we'll be talking about the mentorship program the three-day boot camp is entirely free you can see all the details of the mentorship program with the price right there he then comes into our group and he proceeds to harp on but what is the price but what is the price because he didn't read it

So, you can literally see the bones stuck in his mouth throughout the process, right? And this is natural. It's not something to be offended by. It's not something to be upset by. It's a human nature is, some people are nicer about it than others, but it is natural to want to know, what can I expect?

Expect from this what is the expected cost even if it's not exact give me an idea So I can wrap my head around this so that's all we do if they ask that question We just give them the bone right sure thing my prices start at and most of my clients spend around this on their package But if you do have a few minutes, I'd love to learn about what you're looking for help you find a good fit

And and from there I can give you an exact quote Okay For most that's good enough for some they might say well Can't you just give me that exact quote now or something along those lines, right? They want more and this is where I just give them a simple idea, you know This is kind of like buying a car like if you come into my dealership

and I'm trying to get you the right car for you and you keep asking about price, I don't know what to tell you because our cars can range from $20,000 to $80,000 and I don't know what it is that you're actually wanting. So that's my goal. That's why I say prices start at and most of my clients spend around this. If that is in the ballpark for you,

Then let's continue this conversation, because by the end of this, I think I'm gonna not only understand what it is you're looking for, I can help you as you move forward and you try to find the right fit, I can help you in that process so you hire the right photographer for you. So no obligation, but either way, you're gonna walk away from this with value.

from the conversation that we have. How does that sound? Can we keep going? So and then I just ask their permission. Now, what I just said right now, I'm just paraphrasing it all. Please, don't feel like that's a script. None of this stuff is meant for you to like go, oh, I have to say it this way. It's to give you ideas of what we're trying to do. We're trying to alleviate the objection, the concern.

right the belief behind this when somebody says like yeah, but I want to know the price the belief behind it is I can't afford this service so we're addressing the belief right by saying most of my clients will spend around this okay that's usually

going to solve it all right now we can talk more specific objection handlers when we get to the next module but that should be good enough for now just understand that key number two is if they have a major you know kind of hang up we need to resolve that now most of the time this comes in the form of price but maybe there's something else they have a burning question about which is why before i

I jump into the wave, I'll ask, hey, I have this visualization exercise that I like to do to help me really understand what my clients value. And from there, I can figure out what is the best package, the best solution for them. But before I get into that, do you have any burning questions for me, right? And I just leave it right there. So anything that they have on their mind, we get out right then.

and then I have their permission to basically go into the wave. Key number three is, I like to do this as often as possible, disrupt their thought process and what they might typically expect, right? Most photographers are gonna be really annoying, not wanting to share pricing, not wanting to, you know, they haven't gone through this program.

they don't understand like price is not something that we should be ashamed about so they withhold they withhold or they say oh when you come in you know i'll share the prices with you or when you do this that that's really annoying kind of stuff so so anytime i can say like anytime i can differentiate myself or disrupt a thought

a belief, then I'll do that. This comes in a number of ways. One with the wave is like I'll sometimes introduce the wave and say, okay, this exercise is a bit odd, but I want you to stick with it for a second because it's really going to help me to understand you and your values. That's a disruptor because nobody else is saying something like that, right? If I said,

said, you know, most photographers, if they say, they ask me about price, right? And I say, you know, most photographers are going to make you come in to learn their pricing. I find that kind of annoying. So I'm going to respect your time. I'm going to do something a little bit different. I'm going to respect your time by giving you the price now. And then I would simply say, my prices start at this. Most of my clients spend this, right? These are both examples of, of basically disreputable.

disruptors. So anytime you feel like, Hey, there's the way that they're thinking is this, this is the common belief. And I could say something here that would shift that belief that would help them to understand that I'm different. You have my, my go ahead, my thumbs up to just go with it. I want you to disrupt their thought process, um, from what they're typically expecting.

in this. You can do that again in other ways too. Just being your genuine self is very much a disruptor as well. Alright, but I want you to think of it as that. Key number four is to uncover their values, speak to who they are and what they actually want. So we're gonna use the wave for this and then after we've kind of stepped into that process

process, after we've described how understanding their values, we've played out their values, we've gotten their ideas from it, we've talked about how the solution kind of fits their values and we've designed this whole collection around what they want and they value, right? At that place, we set an anchor.

As your photographer, isn't it critical that I know what you want and value in your photography? Like could you imagine someone picking up the camera without knowing these things? How do you know they'd capture something meaningful to you? You can phrase this, do you see, however you want, right? It's an anchor. It's simply...

basically a pre-loaded question to get them to realize, oh, it is important that my photographer actually understands me. That's something to consider in addition to price. I shouldn't only be looking at price when I compare these services. This is another form of kind of, you can call it an anchor.

and call it a disruption tool, but it's something there to get them to kind of start thinking, okay, I have how much I want to spend on this side, but I have what kind of service I want to get on this side. These two conflicting beliefs, they need to be resolved. And we need to help them to understand what they're actually doing in hiring a photographer so they can resolve it.

that. Key five, I want you to keep the pace up. Okay, so that means like we don't want these phone consultations to slow down too much. These typically are a bit faster in overall cadence. You don't need to try to make it that way, by the way. Just understand that they're generally a bit faster in cadence.

and if they have to go, we're gonna invite them to that next step. So again, going back to that idea of that goal, like our objective is to differentiate and then invite them to the next step, right? I said invite them in for a consultation, but it can be a Zoom consultation, it could be another phone call,

It could be in person, but we keep the promise, right? You mentioned you only had 10 minutes for this call. I wanna respect that. Why don't we set a date? How about this Thursday at 7 p.m.? And let's hop on Zoom. Let's have your husband there so we can have a conversation. I honestly wanna do the same exercise that I did with you with him.

and really spend a little bit of time there to figure out what he appreciates and values. Don't you think that that would be useful too? Like, aren't you curious what he might say? Oh yeah, I would love to know that. Okay, so how does Thursday at seven work for you? Once somebody who's rushed gets the sense that you understand they're rushed and you're setting up a plan.

the next call, you'll immediately see their pressure settle. They're like, Oh, good. They understand that I have to run right now. We're going to set up the next call. So we want to make sure that we follow that now getting into some more of the kind of like getting a little bit more tactical, right? Body language is, is important.

regardless, but it is absolutely huge on the phone. Something strange happens when I start leaning back and trying to engage you in the same way that I was just a second ago, right? My tone starts to get more relaxed. My body language is more relaxed and everything kind of follows suit with the.

posture that I have. In fact, if I kind of stop smiling, if I stop kind of bringing the energy to it, you can also feel it and just like, like see it in my face almost, and you can feel it in my voice, right? The issue is that this comes through on the phone. We don't necessarily recognize it because we're not seeing the other person,

but it most certainly comes through. So, as you can tell, as soon as I start to sit up, and I'm not trying to force more energy into the way that I'm speaking right now, I'm simply actually bringing my body language back into this. I'm actually using my hands, I'm using the motions, and now I'm even gonna start smiling again.

as I talk and you're starting to hear the energy going up and I'm not intentionally doing that. I'm literally just trying to bring my body into the conversation. So what I want you to recognize is that body language still matters which means when you take a call you're sitting forward and you're engaged in your posture. I want you to speak with a little bit more energy.

than you normally do. Like, kind of present, I don't want this to come off as fake. I want you to just, I want it to be you, but 30% more you, okay? Think of it that way. I want you to smile through your words, and I actually want you to be dressed in a way that's appropriate. Meaning like, look, if you work in a t-shirt and pants, that's fine.

but I don't want you to be in like you're like your undies and your hair's not done and you haven't you know done anything and we might even go into this one topless because hey they're not gonna see my face like it's gonna come through in your voice okay so let's dress for work you know to our creative standards

if you will. I know that our creative standard is a little bit different. Jeans and a t-shirt, but body language matters. Okay, a lot of this is going to come through with just your sitting forward, your body language, but you can also bring more of the energy in with this sing-song voice that varies in tonality.

I don't think you need a lot of examples of this because it's literally what I do through this entire course Okay to make the course interesting for you I'm not only sort of creating a melody with my my tone kind of going up and down But I'm also connecting the words where needed I'm pausing and then I'm giving you time to kind of

like take in a next sentence as I vary the pacing and the speed. All of this makes it more interesting, more engaging to actually listen to than if I were to simply talk at this speed and this tone and just go with this because I could just present this way, I could just present in a very monotone way and it's all the same pace and really I'm going to just keep talking and presenting.

the same information and I'm even going to just not vary the speed of it so I'm going to keep the same speed and you're going to see that this gets very, not only drones but it's very boring and it also comes off as like really robotic but I could literally say the exact same thing I could say I'm going to speak to you in a monotone way right now but I'm actually not really going to make it monotone.

monotone and this is going to feel really different because it won't feel robotic even though I'm saying the same robotic things it's actually going to be different. So this is sing song voicing okay and it's something that is just like any other thing that you're going to practice this is just something to practice you can literally.

I like honestly talking in a way that's interesting regardless of who I'm talking to, okay? And sometimes the casualty of that is my wife will say, are you selling to me right now? And I'm like, no, I'm literally just talking to you right now. But I like the way that I talk to be interesting so that you don't fall asleep on me because I have a voice that is very deep and people.

that they always fall asleep when they listen to my voice. And I'm trying to prevent that. Key number eight. I want you to create some scarcity and some urgency. And again, you know, creating that idea that there's value in your time, value in your services. So I want you to avoid phrasing that has no value, no urgency.

to it. Hey, I'm free anytime tomorrow. Would that work for you? That is like salesperson's death nail. Do not ever do that. I mean, honestly, it's a business person death nail. Like don't make it so that their time is valuable, but your time isn't. What we're going to say instead is I have a 30 minute window tomorrow at noon. Does that work for you?

Does that work for you? Okay, very simple. And if it doesn't, then you're simply gonna say, okay, I have another window on this time. If that doesn't work, give me a few times on your side that work and let me see if we can make it work on my end. But don't just say, oh, well, I'm free next week. What time next week works for you?

you. That that creates a very one-way dynamic in the relationship. Okay, key number nine. Any important point that you want them, that you want them to feel, that you want them to to bring in, that you want them to shift a belief, you're simply gonna ask a question. An anchoring question.

question around that idea. Now I've given you the anchor question about the wave, right? You mentioned wanting this, having that moment captured as an image on the wall of your home. So we finished the whole wave process. Like knowing how to create this solution. We've done all that, right? And then we go, as your photographer, wouldn't it be crazy?

If I didn't know the things that you value as we go into your photo shoot Look I didn't say this line. This is the line that I gave you right here as your photographer isn't important I know exactly what you'd appreciate in value. I said something different, but it's the exact same point Wouldn't it be crazy if I didn't know all

all of these things that you value, how would I even approach your shoot? That would be crazy. I never even thought about that, right? Whenever I want someone to understand an idea, when I want them to shift a belief, I don't take the belief and shove it into their head, okay? You do what we learn in psychology.

you ask a question. That's why psychology is so annoying. You're like, Jesus, my therapist does not give me any answers. All they do is just ask more questions. But what they want is the goal of that, and I do think that it's done, overdone at times, but the goal is to, if I give you something, if I shove something into you,

there's resistance there, but if I give you an idea and I give you the space, you can shift the belief on your own and that's much more powerful that way, right? There's a lot of different kinds of beliefs, okay? Look, I'm gonna give you the example, I think I mentioned that one that popped up and I realize,

Oh, there's Cole Wallace, there's stuff from... I'm just going to pull it up and show you, because I can show you the beliefs that are attached to something. So let's go to the mastermind group. Okay. And here was the objection that I was mentioning. Right? So I'll read it out.

This was on one of the posts where I was saying, join us for the three-day boot camps and Richard said, three days is a huge time commitment or investment. What's in this for you? All of these free webinars and workshops have sales pitches at the end of them. It's like really long timeshare sales pitches. What's the offer you make at the end of it? I did read the FAQs. You're not doing this.

and getting nothing in return. So what's in it for you? What do you want from us? Now, funny enough, I mentioned, like when I said I love objections like this, and Richard goes, I wasn't posting an objection. Far from it. I was asking for transparency. This is literally an objection.

And there are multiple beliefs inside of this. The first belief is three days is a huge time investment. The first belief is my time is valuable. You should have that belief. That is a good objection, right? The second one is what's in this for you? This could be a scam. Another valid belief.

This could be a scam. All of these free webinars, workshops have sales pitches. The, the belief there, many webinars and workshops don't offer value. They're just sales pitches. They're just fluff, like really long timeshare sales pitches. That's a belief. What's the offer you make out of it? Like the belief is I know that you're.

not just doing this for free, which is correct. Like, there are beliefs to every single piece of this, but the objection is the entire thing, right? If I want to resolve any of these, I would do it by asking questions. It sounds like...

you feel this three-day bootcamp could be just another webinar or workshop that offers fluff and just tries to upsell you. Is that true? Yes, I totally get that. I want you to know that this is not that. I'm gonna give you three days of value if you wanna keep working.

with me, by all means you can, but is that something that makes you feel more comfortable? It's just asking questions. It sounds like you're busy and you don't have a lot of time to put towards something like this, so you want to make sure it's valuable to you. Yes, thank you. Thank you for recognizing that.

And so this is anytime we have something that's important to them, anytime we want to anchor something, make them realize and potentially shift a belief, we do so with a question. So I'll often say like, this is not that. I'll often say like,

Oh, I'll address the concern. Oh, I know that this is one of the concerns. I want you to recognize that this is not this thing and this is what I'm gonna do for you and you're gonna have an amazing experience. And then the question is, knowing that, does that make you feel better? Knowing that, does that resolve the concern? Okay.

so you can do this throughout everything but at a minimum i'd like you for at least to anchor the value of what you did with them in the process of the wave at least anchor that but you can anchor a lot of stuff okay key number 10 before you end the call we're going to try to accomplish as much of the possible as much of the following as possible

right? Close a sale if possible. We've at least book a date and time. If we can't close a sale, we have a date and time for the next consultation. We know their values and needs. We've shown them how we're different and we've anchored the value of our service to what they want, to what their values are. These are the goals. If you accomplish these things,

Like I'll have alumni all the time. We'll say like I had a call and I didn't get to close them on the call and I go but did you check off the rest of the list and They're like well We didn't book another time for this because they just said they need a couple days to think of it I go, but did you show them that you understand their values and needs? Did you show them how they're different? Did you anchor?

your value for your services? Do they understand? Did you disrupt? Did you do all these things?" And they go, yeah, I think so. I go, okay, there's a really good chance they're going to book anyway. Ideally, it would have been better if we had set a follow-up time. So kind of treat this as like, we do as much of this as possible. And it's a learning process. When someone doesn't close, I generally like to just

say okay why don't we do a follow-up in a week it gives you guys a time or why don't we do a follow-up in three days gives you guys time to think about it and to maybe speak with some other people I'd love to actually come on and let's chat about it I want to help you find the best fit so how does Friday at this time sound if you've done these other pieces they'll not only book

look for that consult, they're likely gonna go with you, okay? Because it's very rare. It's very rare that someone else can do this. So chances are that if you can, then that's already enough of a differentiator. On top of that, you're already doing good work. All right? This goes back to that concept. Remember what I said,

we said earlier way way earlier when I was like why people buy right at the very beginning of the sales module because they like you because they resonate with you they trust you they share your values this is why that's so powerful and why they're gonna likely call back all right let's go on the next lesson all right

One last little thing, so basic phone scripts, let's talk about that for just a moment. So in the sales handbook, right? We're gonna click this, we're gonna open this link. This is your sales handbook. I'm literally making modifications to this on a pretty regular basis, especially as we have finished V2. But what this is, is on the left side is you'll have this outline, okay? If you haven't already.

kind of dived into this a little once over. Throughout all this, we have, I wanted to include like kind of summaries of most of what we're talking about in the sales section of the program. That being said, I don't expect you to use this as like a, this shouldn't be a standalone thing. It should be used in conjunction with the lesson material, with the videos itself.

Okay, but when you get down to scripts, you have a standard script wave or standard wave script right here, which this is like The standard wave it's everything that's bolded is kind of helping you understand like the the traditional wave What is it used for like what is this setting and it explains that then under this under scripts and role-playing?

playing I give you full examples of what the wave might look like say for a wedding say for boudoir say for family maternity pet okay so this is these are full console examples with with commercial and corporate clients or branding clients the principles of it stay the same but the

the actual what we say shifts a little bit. So I gave you examples of that as well. And there's also an example for cinematography because with cinematography, we're not thinking about a photograph on the wall anymore at that point. We're thinking about like a video. So again, principles all hold. We just need to modify a little bit of the language. And so I gave you examples of this.

And from here, I also gave you objection handling as well. We're gonna do that in the next module. So your sales handbook is kind of the quick reference guide for all of this stuff. And it's one that like, if there's any questions or if there's areas that are unclear, please let me know. We make modifications to it as we go, okay? But what I would say is your role plays are gonna be the.

place to put this all together, right? I always quote this line, perfect practice makes perfect. It's a line from Vince Lombardi that I think I shared with you way earlier in the course. The idea is, you can't, if you practice something that you don't really know that well, then you're only gonna get really good at doing it poorly. Okay? You can become an expert at doing something.

bad. Most of us are experts at selling poorly because we've seen it done so many times we know the way other people like like when we step into the sales space that's what we do okay so what Vince was saying is that you have to learn like what does perfect look like and then you practice perfect because only

Perfect practice makes perfect, all right? And I love that idea. You guys have the outlines of what this should look like, and there's gonna be tweaks and modifications as you personalize. But I'm gonna tell you this, that the way that you can understand this beautifully, you can have a perfect understanding.

But your first times practicing it are going to be an absolute train wreck, okay? Your 10th time practicing it is going to be a train wreck. You're going to be good at this, and then I'm going to put you under pressure one day, and then it's going to be a train wreck. There's so many variables that go into this, and what I want you to do is keep practicing. We do the role plays. I encourage you.

you to find roleplay buddies, we also do roleplays on occasion in the community itself. We do them so you can have these environments to make your mistakes, to actually get clarity, to actually get critique on what went well, what are areas that I can improve, and the goal isn't perfection, but that after each roleplay I'm doing maybe one or two things better.

If you do that 10 times, if you role play 10 times and after each one, you do one or two things better by the 10th time, you are going to be a master at this process. And this is one of those skills that I can't emphasize enough. Sales is the one skill that buys you time to work on everything else. If you can sell to people.

If you can understand what they need and solve their problems, you will always have revenue in your business. So I can't emphasize the value enough in this space. Please find a roleplay buddy, pause here, go get somebody, and we'll see you in the next lesson, well actually the next module. Peace!