so you can do this throughout everything but at a minimum i'd like you for at least to anchor the value of what you did with them in the process of the wave at least anchor that but you can anchor a lot of stuff okay key number 10 before you end the call we're going to try to accomplish as much of the possible as much of the following as possible

right? Close a sale if possible. We've at least book a date and time. If we can't close a sale, we have a date and time for the next consultation. We know their values and needs. We've shown them how we're different and we've anchored the value of our service to what they want, to what their values are. These are the goals. If you accomplish these things,

Like I'll have alumni all the time. We'll say like I had a call and I didn't get to close them on the call and I go but did you check off the rest of the list and They're like well We didn't book another time for this because they just said they need a couple days to think of it I go, but did you show them that you understand their values and needs? Did you show them how they're different? Did you anchor?

your value for your services? Do they understand? Did you disrupt? Did you do all these things?" And they go, yeah, I think so. I go, okay, there's a really good chance they're going to book anyway. Ideally, it would have been better if we had set a follow-up time. So kind of treat this as like, we do as much of this as possible. And it's a learning process. When someone doesn't close, I generally like to just

say okay why don't we do a follow-up in a week it gives you guys a time or why don't we do a follow-up in three days gives you guys time to think about it and to maybe speak with some other people I'd love to actually come on and let's chat about it I want to help you find the best fit so how does Friday at this time sound if you've done these other pieces they'll not only book

look for that consult, they're likely gonna go with you, okay? Because it's very rare. It's very rare that someone else can do this. So chances are that if you can, then that's already enough of a differentiator. On top of that, you're already doing good work. All right? This goes back to that concept. Remember what I said,

we said earlier way way earlier when I was like why people buy right at the very beginning of the sales module because they like you because they resonate with you they trust you they share your values this is why that's so powerful and why they're gonna likely call back all right let's go on the next lesson all right

One last little thing, so basic phone scripts, let's talk about that for just a moment. So in the sales handbook, right? We're gonna click this, we're gonna open this link. This is your sales handbook. I'm literally making modifications to this on a pretty regular basis, especially as we have finished V2. But what this is, is on the left side is you'll have this outline, okay? If you haven't already.

kind of dived into this a little once over. Throughout all this, we have, I wanted to include like kind of summaries of most of what we're talking about in the sales section of the program. That being said, I don't expect you to use this as like a, this shouldn't be a standalone thing. It should be used in conjunction with the lesson material, with the videos itself.

Okay, but when you get down to scripts, you have a standard script wave or standard wave script right here, which this is like The standard wave it's everything that's bolded is kind of helping you understand like the the traditional wave What is it used for like what is this setting and it explains that then under this under scripts and role-playing?

playing I give you full examples of what the wave might look like say for a wedding say for boudoir say for family maternity pet okay so this is these are full console examples with with commercial and corporate clients or branding clients the principles of it stay the same but the

the actual what we say shifts a little bit. So I gave you examples of that as well. And there's also an example for cinematography because with cinematography, we're not thinking about a photograph on the wall anymore at that point. We're thinking about like a video. So again, principles all hold. We just need to modify a little bit of the language. And so I gave you examples of this.

And from here, I also gave you objection handling as well. We're gonna do that in the next module. So your sales handbook is kind of the quick reference guide for all of this stuff. And it's one that like, if there's any questions or if there's areas that are unclear, please let me know. We make modifications to it as we go, okay? But what I would say is your role plays are gonna be the.

place to put this all together, right? I always quote this line, perfect practice makes perfect. It's a line from Vince Lombardi that I think I shared with you way earlier in the course. The idea is, you can't, if you practice something that you don't really know that well, then you're only gonna get really good at doing it poorly. Okay? You can become an expert at doing something.

bad. Most of us are experts at selling poorly because we've seen it done so many times we know the way other people like like when we step into the sales space that's what we do okay so what Vince was saying is that you have to learn like what does perfect look like and then you practice perfect because only

Perfect practice makes perfect, all right? And I love that idea. You guys have the outlines of what this should look like, and there's gonna be tweaks and modifications as you personalize. But I'm gonna tell you this, that the way that you can understand this beautifully, you can have a perfect understanding.

But your first times practicing it are going to be an absolute train wreck, okay? Your 10th time practicing it is going to be a train wreck. You're going to be good at this, and then I'm going to put you under pressure one day, and then it's going to be a train wreck. There's so many variables that go into this, and what I want you to do is keep practicing. We do the role plays. I encourage you.

you to find roleplay buddies, we also do roleplays on occasion in the community itself. We do them so you can have these environments to make your mistakes, to actually get clarity, to actually get critique on what went well, what are areas that I can improve, and the goal isn't perfection, but that after each roleplay I'm doing maybe one or two things better.

If you do that 10 times, if you role play 10 times and after each one, you do one or two things better by the 10th time, you are going to be a master at this process. And this is one of those skills that I can't emphasize enough. Sales is the one skill that buys you time to work on everything else. If you can sell to people.

If you can understand what they need and solve their problems, you will always have revenue in your business. So I can't emphasize the value enough in this space. Please find a roleplay buddy, pause here, go get somebody, and we'll see you in the next lesson, well actually the next module. Peace!