regardless, but it is absolutely huge on the phone. Something strange happens when I start leaning back and trying to engage you in the same way that I was just a second ago, right? My tone starts to get more relaxed. My body language is more relaxed and everything kind of follows suit with the.

posture that I have. In fact, if I kind of stop smiling, if I stop kind of bringing the energy to it, you can also feel it and just like, like see it in my face almost, and you can feel it in my voice, right? The issue is that this comes through on the phone. We don't necessarily recognize it because we're not seeing the other person,

but it most certainly comes through. So, as you can tell, as soon as I start to sit up, and I'm not trying to force more energy into the way that I'm speaking right now, I'm simply actually bringing my body language back into this. I'm actually using my hands, I'm using the motions, and now I'm even gonna start smiling again.

as I talk and you're starting to hear the energy going up and I'm not intentionally doing that. I'm literally just trying to bring my body into the conversation. So what I want you to recognize is that body language still matters which means when you take a call you're sitting forward and you're engaged in your posture. I want you to speak with a little bit more energy.

than you normally do. Like, kind of present, I don't want this to come off as fake. I want you to just, I want it to be you, but 30% more you, okay? Think of it that way. I want you to smile through your words, and I actually want you to be dressed in a way that's appropriate. Meaning like, look, if you work in a t-shirt and pants, that's fine.

but I don't want you to be in like you're like your undies and your hair's not done and you haven't you know done anything and we might even go into this one topless because hey they're not gonna see my face like it's gonna come through in your voice okay so let's dress for work you know to our creative standards

if you will. I know that our creative standard is a little bit different. Jeans and a t-shirt, but body language matters. Okay, a lot of this is going to come through with just your sitting forward, your body language, but you can also bring more of the energy in with this sing-song voice that varies in tonality.

I don't think you need a lot of examples of this because it's literally what I do through this entire course Okay to make the course interesting for you I'm not only sort of creating a melody with my my tone kind of going up and down But I'm also connecting the words where needed I'm pausing and then I'm giving you time to kind of

like take in a next sentence as I vary the pacing and the speed. All of this makes it more interesting, more engaging to actually listen to than if I were to simply talk at this speed and this tone and just go with this because I could just present this way, I could just present in a very monotone way and it's all the same pace and really I'm going to just keep talking and presenting.

the same information and I'm even going to just not vary the speed of it so I'm going to keep the same speed and you're going to see that this gets very, not only drones but it's very boring and it also comes off as like really robotic but I could literally say the exact same thing I could say I'm going to speak to you in a monotone way right now but I'm actually not really going to make it monotone.

monotone and this is going to feel really different because it won't feel robotic even though I'm saying the same robotic things it's actually going to be different. So this is sing song voicing okay and it's something that is just like any other thing that you're going to practice this is just something to practice you can literally.

I like honestly talking in a way that's interesting regardless of who I'm talking to, okay? And sometimes the casualty of that is my wife will say, are you selling to me right now? And I'm like, no, I'm literally just talking to you right now. But I like the way that I talk to be interesting so that you don't fall asleep on me because I have a voice that is very deep and people.

that they always fall asleep when they listen to my voice. And I'm trying to prevent that. Key number eight. I want you to create some scarcity and some urgency. And again, you know, creating that idea that there's value in your time, value in your services. So I want you to avoid phrasing that has no value, no urgency.

to it. Hey, I'm free anytime tomorrow. Would that work for you? That is like salesperson's death nail. Do not ever do that. I mean, honestly, it's a business person death nail. Like don't make it so that their time is valuable, but your time isn't. What we're going to say instead is I have a 30 minute window tomorrow at noon. Does that work for you?

Does that work for you? Okay, very simple. And if it doesn't, then you're simply gonna say, okay, I have another window on this time. If that doesn't work, give me a few times on your side that work and let me see if we can make it work on my end. But don't just say, oh, well, I'm free next week. What time next week works for you?

you. That that creates a very one-way dynamic in the relationship. Okay, key number nine. Any important point that you want them, that you want them to feel, that you want them to to bring in, that you want them to shift a belief, you're simply gonna ask a question. An anchoring question.

question around that idea. Now I've given you the anchor question about the wave, right? You mentioned wanting this, having that moment captured as an image on the wall of your home. So we finished the whole wave process. Like knowing how to create this solution. We've done all that, right? And then we go, as your photographer, wouldn't it be crazy?

If I didn't know the things that you value as we go into your photo shoot Look I didn't say this line. This is the line that I gave you right here as your photographer isn't important I know exactly what you'd appreciate in value. I said something different, but it's the exact same point Wouldn't it be crazy if I didn't know all

all of these things that you value, how would I even approach your shoot? That would be crazy. I never even thought about that, right? Whenever I want someone to understand an idea, when I want them to shift a belief, I don't take the belief and shove it into their head, okay? You do what we learn in psychology.

you ask a question. That's why psychology is so annoying. You're like, Jesus, my therapist does not give me any answers. All they do is just ask more questions. But what they want is the goal of that, and I do think that it's done, overdone at times, but the goal is to, if I give you something, if I shove something into you,

there's resistance there, but if I give you an idea and I give you the space, you can shift the belief on your own and that's much more powerful that way, right? There's a lot of different kinds of beliefs, okay? Look, I'm gonna give you the example, I think I mentioned that one that popped up and I realize,

Oh, there's Cole Wallace, there's stuff from... I'm just going to pull it up and show you, because I can show you the beliefs that are attached to something. So let's go to the mastermind group. Okay. And here was the objection that I was mentioning. Right? So I'll read it out.

This was on one of the posts where I was saying, join us for the three-day boot camps and Richard said, three days is a huge time commitment or investment. What's in this for you? All of these free webinars and workshops have sales pitches at the end of them. It's like really long timeshare sales pitches. What's the offer you make at the end of it? I did read the FAQs. You're not doing this.

and getting nothing in return. So what's in it for you? What do you want from us? Now, funny enough, I mentioned, like when I said I love objections like this, and Richard goes, I wasn't posting an objection. Far from it. I was asking for transparency. This is literally an objection.

And there are multiple beliefs inside of this. The first belief is three days is a huge time investment. The first belief is my time is valuable. You should have that belief. That is a good objection, right? The second one is what's in this for you? This could be a scam. Another valid belief.

This could be a scam. All of these free webinars, workshops have sales pitches. The, the belief there, many webinars and workshops don't offer value. They're just sales pitches. They're just fluff, like really long timeshare sales pitches. That's a belief. What's the offer you make out of it? Like the belief is I know that you're.

not just doing this for free, which is correct. Like, there are beliefs to every single piece of this, but the objection is the entire thing, right? If I want to resolve any of these, I would do it by asking questions. It sounds like...

you feel this three-day bootcamp could be just another webinar or workshop that offers fluff and just tries to upsell you. Is that true? Yes, I totally get that. I want you to know that this is not that. I'm gonna give you three days of value if you wanna keep working.

with me, by all means you can, but is that something that makes you feel more comfortable? It's just asking questions. It sounds like you're busy and you don't have a lot of time to put towards something like this, so you want to make sure it's valuable to you. Yes, thank you. Thank you for recognizing that.

And so this is anytime we have something that's important to them, anytime we want to anchor something, make them realize and potentially shift a belief, we do so with a question. So I'll often say like, this is not that. I'll often say like,

Oh, I'll address the concern. Oh, I know that this is one of the concerns. I want you to recognize that this is not this thing and this is what I'm gonna do for you and you're gonna have an amazing experience. And then the question is, knowing that, does that make you feel better? Knowing that, does that resolve the concern? Okay.