before I go and worry about getting 20 leads a month, why don't I convert eight of the 10 leads versus right now I'm only converting two? Okay, that's the idea there, is by doing these simple things, we can level up very quickly without having to worry about bigger issues like how do I double the amount of leads coming in? All right, so if that's not possible, so like say for example for Lucia, well, it might not even possible the next hour, but she calls during the next possible window, sometimes that's the next day, and that's actually when.

she does the wave with them. So she often will do the wave after someone's actually already booked and she has someone else essentially handle the first call to basically set it all up and to get them closed, right? So we make adjustments and things as we go, but that's on that side. Now, for me, another example would be when you hit this first contact, usually a 10 to 15 minute consult. If you're in a portrait space where you're doing like IPS or you're doing like more simple shoots, you can close them within 10 to 15 minutes. So Thomas is.

great example of that. We have a lot of people that are closing within the first few minutes of a consult that because they do, you know, boudoir or they do family portraits or they do these other areas where I don't need a full one hour consultation. We can go through it briefly and we can actually move to close in that first call. So don't feel like you have to set up a second consultation. But if you're in the space of say like larger events, let's say weddings, let's say corporate, let's say brand portraits,

I've helped build his sales process and adjust it and one of the rules that he loves It makes his his girls who actually do the sales It makes them very uncomfortable, but one of their rules is you call until you get a no All right now truthfully that is probably the best you like if you want to maximize revenue That is the best way to do it you call until you get a no But it might be uncomfortable for you It might be and and uncomfortable to a point because like all this might be uncomfortable, right? But I want you to embrace the majority of it if

If you're like, five times is just too much, I don't wanna bug someone that much, then that's fine. For me, the number is around three attempts. If I call someone three times and they don't answer, then I'm gonna send off the guy. But maybe for you, it's gonna be five. I'll be honest, the reason that it's three for me is not because I'm worried about bothering them, because if they gave me their information, I do wanna reach out to them, I wanna figure out what I can do for them. The reason I limit it to three attempts is I've got a lot of leads coming in. So if you don't answer after three, I'm gonna move on to the next one.

Okay, so it's not because I feel bad by any means, five attempts would be totally fine too, but you can set whatever number there that you would like as well. So those are all ideas for adjustments here, but I wanna give you a basic flow with this. Now, anytime a client has a potential objection, okay, this is a general rule. So we're talking about the sales process right now, I wanna step out of that for just a moment and say, anytime there's an objection or even a potential issue with a client.

I don't want you to try to resolve these over a phone call. I want you to resolve these over, sorry, over an email. I want it to be a phone call. There's a number of reasons for this. I'm gonna give you the first and biggest reason. Whatever you say, whatever you write in an email or in a text message, it can be held against you. Now, not to say that a lot of clients are gonna be legally holding it against you, but whatever you say, if you make a promise, if you say this, they're gonna at some point say, well, you said this, so you should do this. That's number one. So that.

by itself should be enough to make you go, you know what, any of these types of more complex issues, I'm gonna have a phone call with somebody. But there's a whole list of other reasons and it all comes down to miscommunication. It is so easy to misunderstand somebody in text and email. It is so easy to not understand their tone. How many times have you gotten upset at someone that texted you something and you didn't know that they were making a joke and you didn't read it that way because you read it this way? How many times did they just say the wrong thing? There's so much opportunity for miscommunication in these written formats.

I want you to skip it. Anytime someone has a sales objection, so they're not booked yet, they're in the process, they have a question, a concern, get them on the phone. Anytime an actual client has an issue, get them on the phone, but let's not do this over emails. You're only gonna set yourself up for problems down the road. Okay, let's jump to the next lesson.