So this lesson I feel like is kind of the meat of this entire module. I'm gonna give you 10 keys or 10 specific techniques and things to think about while you're having a conversation on the phone. And honestly, this is any sales consultation, but over the phone, certain things become more important because we don't get to see each other visually, okay? All right, so let's dive right into this. First, the buyer psychology. When someone commits to say an in-person consult, right, they're generally gonna be more willing to put in the time and the energy. This is what I'm mentioning in the intro, our patience level. When we commit to an in-person consult, we're kind of already in a commitment.

Our patience level is higher, we're expecting to have a longer conversation. That's the mindset that we go into. On the phone, our croc brain is on high alert, that instinctual spot where we want to keep things fast, we want things simple, we want to know what's in this for me. We're just so on alert because of all the nonsense type of phone calls that we get. And you notice that when you pick up a phone call and it's a number that you don't recognize and you're like, hello, and then you get someone that's like a friend and they're like, hey, is this a good time? And you're like, oh, I'm sorry. I thought you were a telemarketer or something, my bad, I didn't save your number. So we can feel that croc.

brain on high alert constantly. And that's really important to keep in mind as a salesperson because our goals have to be kind of in this order. Number one is we gotta get past that croc brain. We gotta quickly mention, hey, this is Pi or hey, this is Steph, this is Meredith, this is Tamara. I'm calling from this photography. I saw your information that you just submitted and I wanted to get back to you as quick as possible. That leapfrogs the croc brain because they go, oh, I asked for this. This is something that's gonna be beneficial. This is something that I want, right? The second goal that we have is let's avoid the neocortex, meaning like we wanna avoid the neocortex generally in sales.

I'm not saying like we can do a perfect job of it, but we can generally do pretty good with this, right? But most especially during phone sales. Because again, that's a space where we're usually not in the mind to dive into like these deeply logical, rational conversations. I gotta look this up, I gotta check this. We typically are not in the space to do that. So we wanna avoid that. And obviously our goal is to keep them in the limbic system. So that's really, one, we get past the croc brain. Two, we avoid the neocortex. And three, we stick in the limbic system with good questions, okay? So we wanna hold them there. We wanna keep the conversation simple and focused on their needs.

Your phone goals. Oftentimes on an initial call, you're not going to be able to close. It depends on what you're selling. Sometimes if you're selling portraits, oftentimes you will be able to close because it's a simpler service to sell, right? But if we're selling something more high ticket, if it's weddings, if we're selling, you know, something where we need to put together a complete collection, if we're putting together like a commercial pricing, like for a brand portrait session, usually we have to put together some sort of proposal and there needs to be a little bit of like time to think about it, or at least they need to see it. And that means that oftentimes, even if they're in the right space to close over the phone call, the first time we reach out to them,

and they might just not have enough time to do it all, okay? Which likely means that we set up a second call for this. So in your first consult, the goal is really, I need to disrupt and show value. Meaning, I need them to think of me as different than others. And I need to show value to them in this process and what I can bring to the process. If possible, close the sale, great. But if not, then we book the next phase. Now I put here it's an in-person consult, but it doesn't have to be. It could be a Zoom-based consult. It could be a longer phone call with both stakeholders there. But again, let's make sure that we set up the space to be able to close. And that means that if this is a product or a service that requires somebody else.

does consent, like if it's a couple that's hiring you, if it's a senior and they need their parent to actually pay for it, then what we wanna make sure is when we set up that next call, however it is, whether it's in person, Zoom, or on the phone, that both the stakeholders are there for that. So just be sure that we get there with this. So these are primary kind of objectives, okay? Now I wanna give you techniques. So these are gonna get more specific. Key number one is, it is incredibly frustrating to get on a call to say, yeah, I have 15 minutes, and then for the other person not to respect it.

So I want you to respect their time, but I also want you to respect yours And that's where I usually open with something like hey I have a few minutes before my next meeting or I happen to have 15 minutes I wanted to give you a quick call. So I usually launch into this And say do you have a few minutes to talk about your event? This is right after I kind of introduced myself I'll say this right so that way they know I Want them to get a sense that like look I'm following the five-minute rule and I'm calling them back right away That doesn't mean my day is completely free. It just means that I happen to have a few minutes right now I saw you just reach out. I want to get back to you as quick as possible I'm gonna respect that promise because even though I said I have 10

10, 15 minutes, they're kind of expecting the call at that point to last 10, 15 minutes, right? So if I get to that phase and we wanna continue, I might say, you know, I might be able to push my next meeting or I might be able to push this next thing. Would you like to continue this conversation or would it be better if we scheduled another call? So I might ask that question, you know, like if we feel like, okay, I could potentially close if we continue, right? Otherwise, I'm just gonna stick to it. If they mention a timeframe, like, oh yeah, I have five minutes, we're gonna stick to that. And we're gonna remember the goal here, the objectives was to show value, disrupt and show.

value and then book the next session. That's it. So we don't need to get into the weeds. If we have five minutes, I want to give them a basic version of the wave, tell them how important it is that we do this in full, that we plan out and understand what their values are so we can plan the shoot and then book that next consultation. Okay? All right. Key number two, most leads, they're going to want to know the price right away if they didn't see that thing on your website. If they saw the prices start at and clients typically spend, that satisfies most, I would say. But there's going to be some people that don't see that. When people don't see...

that when they don't know when they have no idea it's it there's a good chance that they're going to ask what is the price that's okay we want to give them the bone okay we we don't want to treat this like remember the idea the analogy that i give is like holding back price with somebody is like you know trying to uh to to pull a bone out of a dog's mouth it's just not a good idea you're going to get bit so we want to do is is is give them the bone if you want to see a real life example of this you can literally go look uh in our facebook group and there's an objection from richard uh from richard he posted an objection to one of our ads and i responded to it

Because his objection was like, but what is it going to cost me? Right. It was for like a three day bootcamp and I basically linked it and I said, you know, you can, the eventually we'll be talking about the mentorship program. The three day bootcamp is entirely free. You can see all the details of the mentorship program with the price right there, he then comes into our group and he proceeds to harp on, but what is the price, but what is the price? Because he didn't read it. So you can literally see the bones stuck in his, in his mouth throughout the process. Right. And this is natural. It's not something to be offended by. It's not something to be upset by. It's a human nature is, is, is some people.

or nicer about it than others, but it is natural to want to know what can I expect from this? What is the expected cost? Even if it's not exact, give me an idea so I can wrap my head around this. So that's all we do. If they ask that question, we just give them the bone, right? Sure thing, my prices start at, and most of my clients spend around this on their package. But if you do have a few minutes, I'd love to learn about what you're looking for, help you find a good fit, and from there I can give you an exact quote, okay? For most, that's good enough. For some, they might say, well, can't you just give me that exact quote now? Or something along those lines, right? They want more. And this is where I just give them.

a simple idea, this is kind of like buying a car. If you come into my dealership and I'm trying to get you the right car for you and you keep asking about price, I don't know what to tell you because our cars can range from $20,000 to $80,000 and I don't know what it is that you're actually wanting. So that's my goal. That's why I say prices start at and most of my clients spend around this. If that is in the ballpark for you, then let's continue this conversation because by the end of this, I think I'm going to not only understand what it is you're looking for, I can help you as you move forward and you try to find the right fit, I can help you in that process so you hire the right photographer for you.

So no obligation, but either way, you're going to walk away from this with value from the conversation that we have. How does that sound? Can we keep going? So, and then I just asked their permission. Now, what I just said right now, I'm just paraphrasing it all. Please don't feel like that's a script. None of this stuff is meant for you to like, Oh, I have to say it this way. It's to give you ideas of what we're trying to do. We're trying to alleviate the objection, the concern, right? The belief behind this, when somebody says like, yeah, but I want to know the price, the belief behind it is I can't afford this service. So we're addressing the belief, right? By saying most of my.

will spend around this. Okay, that's usually going to solve it. All right, now we can talk more specific objection handlers when we get to the next module, but that should be good enough for now. Just understand that key number two is if they have a major, you know, kind of hang-up, we need to resolve that. Now most of the time this comes in the form of price, but maybe there's something else they have a burning question about, which is why before I jump into the wave, I'll ask, hey I have this visualization exercise that I like to do to help me really understand what my clients value and from there I can figure out what is the best package, the best solution for them. But before I get into that, do you have any burning questions for me?

Right, and I just leave it right there, so anything they have on their mind, we get out right then, and then I have their permission to basically go into the wave. Key number three is, I like to do this as often as possible, disrupt their thought process and what they might typically expect, right? Most photographers are gonna be really annoying, not wanting to share pricing, not wanting to, you know, they don't, they haven't gone through this program, they don't understand like, price is not something that we should be ashamed about. So they withhold, they withhold or they say, oh, when you come in, you know, I'll share the prices with you, or when you do this, that's really annoying kind of stuff. So, so anytime.

Anytime I can say, anytime I can differentiate myself or disrupt a thought, a belief, then I'll do that. This comes in a number of ways. One with the wave is I'll sometimes introduce the wave and say, okay, this exercise is a bit odd, but I want you to stick with it for a second because it's really gonna help me to understand you and your values. That's a disruptor because nobody else is saying something like that, right? If I said, most photographers, if they say, they ask me about price, right? And I say, most photographers are gonna make you come in to learn their pricing. I find that kind of annoying. So I'm gonna respect your time. I'm gonna do something a little bit different. Or I'm gonna respect your time by giving you the price now. And then I would simply say, my prices start at this.

most of my clients spend this, right? These are both examples of basically disruptors. So anytime you feel like, hey, there's the way that they're thinking is this, this is the common belief. And I could say something here that would shift that belief that would help them to understand I'm different. You have my go ahead, my thumbs up to just go with it. I want you to disrupt their thought process from what they're typically expecting in this. You can do that again in other ways too, just being your genuine self is very much a disruptor as well. All right. But I want you to think of it as that. Key number four is to uncover their values, speak to who they are and what they actually want.

We're gonna use the wave for this. And then after we've kind of stepped into that process, after we've described how understanding their values, we've played out their values, we've gotten their ideas from it, we've talked about how the solution kind of fits their values, and we've designed this whole collection around what they want and they value, right? At that place, we set an anchor. As your photographer, isn't it critical that I know what you want and value in your photography? Like, could you imagine someone picking up the camera without knowing these things? How do you know they'd capture something meaningful to you?

And phrase this, do you see, however you want, right? It's an anchor. It's simply basically a preloaded question to get them to realize, oh, it is important that my photographer actually understands me. That's something to consider in addition to price. I shouldn't only be looking at price when I compare these services. This is another form of kind of, you can call it an anchor, we can call it a disruption tool, but it's something there to get them to kind of start thinking, okay, I have how much I wanna spend on this side, but I have what kind of service I wanna get on this side. These two conflicting beliefs, they need to be resolved.

and we need to help them to understand what they're actually doing in hiring a photographer so they can resolve that. Key five, I want you to keep the pace up. Okay, so that means like we don't want these phone consultations to slow down too much. These typically are a bit faster in overall cadence. You don't need to try to make it that way by the way, just understand that they're generally a bit faster in cadence and if they have to go, we're going to invite them to that next step. So again, going back to that idea of that goal, like our objective is to differentiate and then invite them to the next step, right?

consultation but it can be a Zoom consultation, it could be another phone call, it could be in person but we keep the promise. You mentioned you only had 10 minutes for this call, I want to respect that. Why don't we set a date, how about this Thursday at 7pm and let's hop on Zoom, let's have your husband there so we can have a conversation, I honestly want to do the same exercise that I did with you with him and really spend a little bit of time there to figure out what he appreciates and values. Don't you think that would be useful too, like aren't you curious what he might say? Oh yeah, I would love to know that. Okay, so how does Thursday at 7pm work for you? Once somebody who's rushed...

gets the sense that you understand they're rushed and you're setting up the next call, you'll immediately see their pressure settle. They're like, oh, good. They understand that I have to run right now. We're gonna set up the next call. So we wanna make sure that we follow that. Now, getting into some more of the kind of, like getting a little bit more tactical, right? Body language is important regardless, but it is absolutely huge on the phone. Something strange happens when I start leaning back and trying to engage you in the same way that I was just a second ago, right? My tone starts to get more.

My body language is more relaxed and and everything kind of follows suit with the posture that I have in fact If I kind of stop smiling if I stop kind of bringing the energy to it You can also feel it and just like like see it in my face almost and you can feel it in my voice, right? The issue is that this comes through on the phone We don't necessarily recognize it because we're not seeing the other person, but it most certainly comes through So as you can tell as soon as I start to sit up and I'm not trying to I'm not I'm not trying to force More energy into the way that I'm speaking right now. I'm simply actually bringing my body language back into this. I'm

I'm actually using my hands, I'm using the motions, and now I'm even gonna start smiling again as I talk, and you're starting to hear the energy going up, and I'm not intentionally doing that, I'm literally just trying to bring my body into the conversation. So what I want you to recognize is that body language still matters, which means when you take a call, you're sitting forward and you're engaged in your posture. I want you to speak with a little bit more energy than you normally do, like kind of present, I don't want this to come off as fake, I want you to just, I want it to be you, but 30% more you, okay? Think of it that way. I want you to smile through your words, and I actually want you to be dressed in a way.

that's appropriate, meaning like, look, if you work in a t-shirt and pants, that's fine, but I don't want you to be in like your undies and your hair's not done and you haven't done anything and we might even go into this one topless because hey, they're not gonna see my face. Like, it's gonna come through in your voice, okay? So let's dress for work, you know, to our creative standard, if you will. I know that our creative standard's a little bit different. Jeans and a t-shirt. But body language matters. Okay, a lot of this is gonna come through with just your sitting forward, your body language. But you can also bring more.

or of the energy in with this sing-song voice that varies in tonality. I don't think you need a lot of examples of this because it's literally what I do through this entire course, okay? To make the course interesting for you, I'm not only sort of creating a melody with my tone, kind of going up and down, but I'm also connecting the words where needed, I'm pausing, and then I'm giving you time to kind of like take in a next sentence as I vary the pacing and the speed. All of this makes it more interesting, more engaging to actually listen to than if I were to simply talk at this speed and this tone and just go with this, because I could just present this way, I could just present.

in a very monotone way, and it's all the same pace, and really I'm gonna just keep talking and presenting the same information, and I'm even gonna just not vary the speed of it, so I'm gonna keep the same speed, and you're gonna see that this gets very, it not only drones, but it's very boring, and it also comes off as really robotic. But I could literally say the exact same thing. I could say, I'm gonna speak to you in a monotone way right now, but I'm actually not really gonna make it monotone, and this is gonna feel really different because it won't feel robotic, even though I'm saying the same robotic things, it's actually gonna be different. So this is sing-song voicing, okay? And it's something that is just.

Like any other thing that you're gonna practice, this is just something to practice. You can literally, I like, honestly, talking in a way that's interesting regardless of who I'm talking to, okay? And sometimes the casualty of that is my wife will say, are you selling to me right now? And I'm like, no, I'm literally just talking to you right now. But I like the way that I talk to be interesting so that you don't fall asleep on me because I have a voice that is very deep and people say that they always fall asleep when they listen to my voice and I'm trying to prevent that. Key number eight. I want you to create some scarcity and some urgency. And again, you know, creating that idea that there's value in your time, value in your services. So I want you.

to avoid phrasing that has no value, no urgency to it. Hey, I'm free anytime tomorrow, would that work for you? That is like salesperson's death nail. Do not ever do that. I mean, honestly, it's a business person's death nail. Like, don't make it so that their time is valuable, but your time isn't. What we're gonna say instead is, I have a 30-minute window tomorrow at noon. Does that work for you? Okay, very simple, and if it doesn't, then you're simply gonna say, okay, I have another window on this time. If that doesn't work, give me a few times on your side that work, and let me see if we can make it work on my end.

but don't just say oh well I'm free next week. What time next week works for you? That creates a very one-way dynamic in the relationship. Okay, key number nine, any important point that you want them to feel, that you want them to bring in, that you want them to shift a belief, you're simply going to ask a question, an anchoring around that idea. Now I've given you the anchor question about the wave, right? You mentioned wanting this, having that moment captured as an image on the wall of your home so we finish the whole wave process, like knowing how to create this solution. We've done a

all that right and then we go as your photographer wouldn't it be crazy if I didn't know the things that you value as we go into your photo shoot look I didn't say this line this is the line that I gave you right here as your photographer isn't important I know exactly what you'd appreciate in value I said something different but it's the exact same point wouldn't it be crazy if I didn't know all of these things that you value how would I even approach your shoot that would be crazy I never even thought about that right I don't whenever I want someone to understand an idea when I want them to shift a belief I don't take the belief

and shove it into their head, okay? You do what we learn in psychology. You ask a question. That's why psychology's so annoying. You're like, Jesus, my therapist does not give me any answers, all they do is just ask you more questions. But what they want is the goal of that, and I do think that it's overdone at times, but the goal is to, if I give you something, if I shove something into you, there's resistance there. But if I give you an idea and I give you the space, you can shift the belief on your own, and that's much more powerful that way, right? There's a lot of different kinds of beliefs, okay? Look, I'm gonna.

give you the example, I think I mentioned that one that popped up and I realize, oh there's Cole Wallace, there's stuff from, I'm just going to pull it up and show you because I can show you the beliefs that are attached to something. So let's go to the mastermind group, okay. And here was the objection that I was mentioning, right, so I'll read it out. This was on one of the posts where I was saying join us for the three day boot camps and Richard said three days is a huge time commitment or investment. What's in this for you? All of these free webinars and workshops have sales pitches at the end of them, it's like really long timeshare

sales pitches, what's the offer you make at the end of it? I did read the FAQs, you're not doing this and getting nothing in return, so what's in it for you? What do you want from us? Now, funny enough, I mentioned, like when I said I love objections like this, and Richard goes, I wasn't posting an objection. Far from it, I was asking for transparency. This is literally an objection, and there are multiple beliefs inside of this. The first belief is three days is a huge time investment. The first belief is my time is valuable. You should have that belief. That is a good objection, right? The second one is what's in this for you?

This could be a scam. Another valid belief, this could be a scam. All of these free webinars, workshops have sales pitches at the end. The belief there, many webinars and workshops don't offer value, they're just sales pitches. They're just fluff. Like really long timeshare sales pitches. That's a belief. What's the offer you make out of it? Like the belief is, I know that you're not just doing this for free, which is correct. Like there are beliefs to every single piece of this, but the objection is the entire thing, right? If I want to resolve any of these,

I would do it by asking questions it sounds like you feel this three-day bootcamp could be just another webinar or workshop that offers fluff and just tries to upsell you is that true yes I totally get that I want you to know that this is not that I'm gonna give you three days of value if you want to keep working with me by all means you can but is that something that makes you feel more comfortable we it's just asking questions it sounds like you're busy and you don't have a lot of time to put towards something like this so you want to make

Make sure it's valuable to you. Yes, thank you, thank you for recognizing that. And so this is any time we have something that's important to them, any time we wanna anchor something, make them realize and potentially shift a belief, we do so with a question. So I'll often say like, this is not that. I'll often say like, oh, I'll address the concern. Oh, I know that this is one of the concerns. I want you to recognize that this is not this thing and this is what I'm gonna do for you and you're gonna have an amazing experience. And then the question is, knowing that, does that make you feel better? Knowing that.

at, does that resolve the concern? Okay. So you can do this throughout everything, but at a minimum, I'd like you for at least to anchor the value of what you did with them in the process of the wave. At least anchor that, but you can anchor a lot of stuff. Okay. Key number 10, before you end the call, we're going to try to accomplish as much of the possible, as much of the following as possible, right? Close a sale if possible. We've at least book a date and time. If we can't close the sale, we have a date and time for the next consultation. We know their values and needs. We've shown them how we're different and we've anchored the value of our service to what they want to.

what their values are. These are the goals. If you accomplish these things, like I'll have alumni all the time will say like, I had a call and I didn't get to close them on the call. And I go, but did you check off the rest of the list? And they're like, well, we didn't book another time for this because they just said they need a couple days to think of it. I go, but did you show them that you understand their values and needs? Did you show them how they're different? Did you anchor your value for your services? Do they understand? Did you disrupt? Did you do all these things? And they go, yeah, I think so. I go, okay, there's a really good chance they're gonna book anyway. Ideally, it would have been better if we had set a follow-up time. So kind of treat this as like, we do as much of this as possible.

And it's a learning process. When someone doesn't close, I generally like to just say, okay, why don't we do a follow-up in a week? It gives you guys a time. Or why don't we do a follow-up in three days? It gives you guys time to think about it and to maybe speak with some other people. I'd love to actually come on and let's chat about it. I want to help you find the best fit. So how does Friday at this time sound? If you've done these other pieces, they'll not only book for that consult, they're likely going to go with you. Because it's very rare, it's very rare that someone else can do this. So chances are that if you can, then that's already enough of a differentiator.

On top of that, you're already doing good work. All right, this goes back to that concept. Remember what we said earlier, way, way earlier, when I was like, why people buy, right, at the very beginning of the sales module? Because they like you, because they resonate with you, they trust you, they share your values. This is why that's so powerful and why they're gonna likely call back. All right, let's go on to the next lesson.