Perfect. We are diving now into building your brand experience. Going into version two of this program, this section has had another kind of pretty significant overhaul. One of the big things that really I talked about a lot in version one of the program is building experience, building a brand, building the identity.

I noticed as I was reviewing it though that I didn't give necessarily enough concrete guidance and so there was a lot of questions on this topic so I wanted to really dive deeper into this. We're going to carry forward with a lot of this new and improved kind of your new approach to AI and understanding kind of chain prompting we're going to do that. We're also going to hit just.

a number of new topics to help you build your brand. And the questions and really pain points that we're addressing here is why don't clients respect my pricing? This is kind of, this is self-contained almost as a topic within the first five steps, the first five modules. We're addressing this kind of over and over, but this is a huge part of it. We're gonna refer.

Fresh ourselves on luxury versus consumer experiences and kind of talk about the differences and learn how to build that into our process, a luxury experience, that is. We'll be talking about how to get your brand to stand out. How do you stand apart from competition and in the process of getting your clients actually to stop comparing you because there really is no good comparison they can make. We'll talk about how.

how it is to build a unique experiences. I'm gonna give you some concrete examples on that, as well as why do prospects and leads often ghost? How do you incorporate personality? And really a big one is how do you humanize your brand going into this more and more AI kind of world, okay? These are all the things we'll be tackling throughout this module.

Once again, I'm gonna give you this heads up at the beginning of every single module. I do expect you to pause to implement and repeat this process. I'm gonna keep this moving quickly. So that way, it's just part of my belief that if education takes too long to understand something, then it's really difficult to actually put it into practice, okay?

So, in between sessions, as you pause, as you implement, as you repeat, if you have questions, you have the mentorship group to ask questions, to go for feedback, to share wins and aha moments. And with all that, let's dive into the very first lesson. All right, luxury versus consumer experiences. So we're going to do a brief.

recap I think we talked about this a bit in step one let's actually kind of refresh ourselves a bit okay so I pulled up an example of this and I think what I might have shown is one of these in in step one but here's examples of on the left side we have a consumer dealership this is most likely Honda I think it's a Honda dealership on the right we have a Bentley dealership

On the left, we have Louis Vuitton. On the right, we have some random department store, probably like a Ross or something on the right side. And what I'd previously asked is kind of, what are the differences that you see in these presentations? Like, how do these experiences differ when it comes to, well, one, on the consumer end.

versus two on kind of the luxury end. There's interesting things that you'll probably see right off the bat. Like you'll probably notice that the color tones, it's very interesting that the palettes and colors are identical between the two luxury brands using this kind of warm wood palette, the whites, the minimalistic design. But I'm sure you're also seeing other things as well. When we compare.

Consumer versus luxury experiences on the consumer side. What we see is that the need is greater than the want Okay, so on a consumer end usually when we're buying commodities these types of products and maybe the better word is is commodity versus luxury But but either way we can we can substitute words. It's fine, but on this commodity side

side, the need is is important, right? Like we need a car to get from A to B, we need clothes just to wear out of the house because we don't want to go to prison. The need trumps necessarily the want. So we get many choices, we get kind of maximizing space, like in each of these options you notice like how they have multiple cars, multiple chairs.

they're really trying to utilize all the space here. Holy shit. They have used every bit of space available in that except for giving you a walkway that's barely up to fire code. But you see that in the, in terms of like the way that they're designed, right? In terms of, let's go back to this slide. In terms of the products that are presented as commodities, we have features.

features are prevalent, they're openly shown, and prices are openly shown too, right? We can look at any tag, we can see stickers all over the place that show prices, and really when we're comparing these cars, we're like comparing a list of features, right? In contrast, luxury experiences, the want is greater than the need, so none of us can really argue that we need.

Louis Vuitton bag or purse or or anything Louis Vuitton. We can't argue that we need a Bentley, right? These are these are wants 1,000% through and through Whereas we could just argue that we generally need a car We have less choices and minimal design on these sides. If you guys are familiar with the program I'll

Already, like if this is your second time through, you'll notice that so much of what we do is minimalizing. We're minimizing, not minimalizing, minimizing kind of the choices that we give our clients. We're trying to help them through the process. We're trying to give them exactly what they need and not flood them with a lot of choices and decisions. We also see that the products in these luxury.

Models are presented as pieces of artwork. You don't see tons of these products You see one of one each one of them is presented as a one-of-one, right? the experience is Far greater than the features themselves in each of these cases. You're not gonna walk in They're not gonna openly list what these bags are made of or who sewed them or all the

details of these the features it's the it's the lifestyle it's the experience that we're actually buying into and same with the Bentley yes we can find the features listed somewhere but believe that they're using the best materials believe that it's gonna be genuine leather believe that's gonna be you don't have to see those things to necessarily know that it's gonna be a good quality product

And generally, prices tend to be concealed on this side, right? With luxury experiences, what we're looking at is products or services that are limited in nature. They require highly skilled labor. They're time intensive to build, to create, to serve. And they generally offer an elevated experience. They need to offer an elevated experience.

So, when we look at photography as a whole, this is exactly what it is and really when you think of offering photography as a professional service, it has to be a luxury because the way that I talk about it is that the phone has already replaced the entire commodity side of this business. For everybody, a phone is a luxury.

phone creates images that are good enough, right? And so if someone's going to hire a photographer, they're going to hire somebody because they want an elevated experience, they want something that they can't create on their own that is substantially different from what they can create on their own. So we have to recognize that photography in today's era, it...

must be presented as a luxury service. Granted, it can look different. Luxury doesn't mean that your brand has to look stuffy. It doesn't mean that it has to be a particular way. It just means that it needs to be a luxury experience through and through. We'll talk more about that kind of as we go. The issue is that most of us, we're still presenting.

Presenting our product, presenting our service as just a general consumer commodity. We try to serve multiple niches. We showcase too many images, too many products on our price lists. We have busy website design. We end up feature selling instead of value selling. And we openly show prices often times.

Now, these are all issues that most of you are already either have corrected or you're actively working to correct, like a huge portion of them we're just, we're correcting from steps one through step five. Really we're knocking all of these out, right? But this is the way most of us enter this space, is presenting our product as essentially a commodity.

When we do that, we get positioned in this space. Most photographers, especially when we look at like price points, most of them live between this say $500 to $2,000 range. Like it's kind of this sweet spot where there's tons of competition. And what I'm trying to get you to do is to build a brand where we can start positioning you.

Higher and higher where our price points are getting higher But also the way that we are differentiating and focusing our brand. There's just less and less people that are competing in our space So down here if your brand can essentially be seen in this space You have a lot of competition if we're offering something in that, you know thousand dollar price range. That's like

almost the worst competitive spot. When we're talking about, say, like event photography, we're talking about events or weddings, you know, that $750 to $2,000 range, there is a ton of competition, okay? When we start getting up to like $4,000, $5,000, and we start continuing up the scale, we get less and less competition.

as we go. If we're looking at general portraiture in that $250 to $500 range where people are throwing in kind of inclusive shoots, tons of competition in that space. When we start getting like to $2,000 for an inclusive portrait session, $1,500 to $2,000 that range, then there's very few.