Perfect. We are diving now into building your brand experience. Going into version two of this program, this section has had another kind of pretty significant overhaul. One of the big things that really I talked about a lot in version one of the program is building experience, building a brand, building the identity.

I noticed as I was reviewing it though that I didn't give necessarily enough concrete guidance and so there was a lot of questions on this topic so I wanted to really dive deeper into this. We're going to carry forward with a lot of this new and improved kind of your new approach to AI and understanding kind of chain prompting we're going to do that. We're also going to hit just.

a number of new topics to help you build your brand. And the questions and really pain points that we're addressing here is why don't clients respect my pricing? This is kind of, this is self-contained almost as a topic within the first five steps, the first five modules. We're addressing this kind of over and over, but this is a huge part of it. We're gonna refer.

Fresh ourselves on luxury versus consumer experiences and kind of talk about the differences and learn how to build that into our process, a luxury experience, that is. We'll be talking about how to get your brand to stand out. How do you stand apart from competition and in the process of getting your clients actually to stop comparing you because there really is no good comparison they can make. We'll talk about how.

how it is to build a unique experiences. I'm gonna give you some concrete examples on that, as well as why do prospects and leads often ghost? How do you incorporate personality? And really a big one is how do you humanize your brand going into this more and more AI kind of world, okay? These are all the things we'll be tackling throughout this module.

Once again, I'm gonna give you this heads up at the beginning of every single module. I do expect you to pause to implement and repeat this process. I'm gonna keep this moving quickly. So that way, it's just part of my belief that if education takes too long to understand something, then it's really difficult to actually put it into practice, okay?

So, in between sessions, as you pause, as you implement, as you repeat, if you have questions, you have the mentorship group to ask questions, to go for feedback, to share wins and aha moments. And with all that, let's dive into the very first lesson. All right, luxury versus consumer experiences. So we're going to do a brief.

recap I think we talked about this a bit in step one let's actually kind of refresh ourselves a bit okay so I pulled up an example of this and I think what I might have shown is one of these in in step one but here's examples of on the left side we have a consumer dealership this is most likely Honda I think it's a Honda dealership on the right we have a Bentley dealership

On the left, we have Louis Vuitton. On the right, we have some random department store, probably like a Ross or something on the right side. And what I'd previously asked is kind of, what are the differences that you see in these presentations? Like, how do these experiences differ when it comes to, well, one, on the consumer end.

versus two on kind of the luxury end. There's interesting things that you'll probably see right off the bat. Like you'll probably notice that the color tones, it's very interesting that the palettes and colors are identical between the two luxury brands using this kind of warm wood palette, the whites, the minimalistic design. But I'm sure you're also seeing other things as well. When we compare.

Consumer versus luxury experiences on the consumer side. What we see is that the need is greater than the want Okay, so on a consumer end usually when we're buying commodities these types of products and maybe the better word is is commodity versus luxury But but either way we can we can substitute words. It's fine, but on this commodity side

side, the need is is important, right? Like we need a car to get from A to B, we need clothes just to wear out of the house because we don't want to go to prison. The need trumps necessarily the want. So we get many choices, we get kind of maximizing space, like in each of these options you notice like how they have multiple cars, multiple chairs.

they're really trying to utilize all the space here. Holy shit. They have used every bit of space available in that except for giving you a walkway that's barely up to fire code. But you see that in the, in terms of like the way that they're designed, right? In terms of, let's go back to this slide. In terms of the products that are presented as commodities, we have features.

features are prevalent, they're openly shown, and prices are openly shown too, right? We can look at any tag, we can see stickers all over the place that show prices, and really when we're comparing these cars, we're like comparing a list of features, right? In contrast, luxury experiences, the want is greater than the need, so none of us can really argue that we need.

Louis Vuitton bag or purse or or anything Louis Vuitton. We can't argue that we need a Bentley, right? These are these are wants 1,000% through and through Whereas we could just argue that we generally need a car We have less choices and minimal design on these sides. If you guys are familiar with the program I'll

Already, like if this is your second time through, you'll notice that so much of what we do is minimalizing. We're minimizing, not minimalizing, minimizing kind of the choices that we give our clients. We're trying to help them through the process. We're trying to give them exactly what they need and not flood them with a lot of choices and decisions. We also see that the products in these luxury.

Models are presented as pieces of artwork. You don't see tons of these products You see one of one each one of them is presented as a one-of-one, right? the experience is Far greater than the features themselves in each of these cases. You're not gonna walk in They're not gonna openly list what these bags are made of or who sewed them or all the

details of these the features it's the it's the lifestyle it's the experience that we're actually buying into and same with the Bentley yes we can find the features listed somewhere but believe that they're using the best materials believe that it's gonna be genuine leather believe that's gonna be you don't have to see those things to necessarily know that it's gonna be a good quality product

And generally, prices tend to be concealed on this side, right? With luxury experiences, what we're looking at is products or services that are limited in nature. They require highly skilled labor. They're time intensive to build, to create, to serve. And they generally offer an elevated experience. They need to offer an elevated experience.

So, when we look at photography as a whole, this is exactly what it is and really when you think of offering photography as a professional service, it has to be a luxury because the way that I talk about it is that the phone has already replaced the entire commodity side of this business. For everybody, a phone is a luxury.

phone creates images that are good enough, right? And so if someone's going to hire a photographer, they're going to hire somebody because they want an elevated experience, they want something that they can't create on their own that is substantially different from what they can create on their own. So we have to recognize that photography in today's era, it...

must be presented as a luxury service. Granted, it can look different. Luxury doesn't mean that your brand has to look stuffy. It doesn't mean that it has to be a particular way. It just means that it needs to be a luxury experience through and through. We'll talk more about that kind of as we go. The issue is that most of us, we're still presenting.

Presenting our product, presenting our service as just a general consumer commodity. We try to serve multiple niches. We showcase too many images, too many products on our price lists. We have busy website design. We end up feature selling instead of value selling. And we openly show prices often times.

Now, these are all issues that most of you are already either have corrected or you're actively working to correct, like a huge portion of them we're just, we're correcting from steps one through step five. Really we're knocking all of these out, right? But this is the way most of us enter this space, is presenting our product as essentially a commodity.

When we do that, we get positioned in this space. Most photographers, especially when we look at like price points, most of them live between this say $500 to $2,000 range. Like it's kind of this sweet spot where there's tons of competition. And what I'm trying to get you to do is to build a brand where we can start positioning you.

Higher and higher where our price points are getting higher But also the way that we are differentiating and focusing our brand. There's just less and less people that are competing in our space So down here if your brand can essentially be seen in this space You have a lot of competition if we're offering something in that, you know thousand dollar price range. That's like

almost the worst competitive spot. When we're talking about, say, like event photography, we're talking about events or weddings, you know, that $750 to $2,000 range, there is a ton of competition, okay? When we start getting up to like $4,000, $5,000, and we start continuing up the scale, we get less and less competition.

as we go. If we're looking at general portraiture in that $250 to $500 range where people are throwing in kind of inclusive shoots, tons of competition in that space. When we start getting like to $2,000 for an inclusive portrait session, $1,500 to $2,000 that range, then there's very few.

This is a little bit different story because everything kind of starts at a lower price point, but we do put the expectation that clients might spend two, three, $4,000 onto the website, right? Like my typical client spends this much on their collection. Again, in that $2,000, $3,000 range, we're talking to a much smaller group of clients and we're differentiating.

that there are very, not that many people that are offering what we're talking about in that price range. So, this is the space we wanna compete in. And everything we're doing, you can almost think of steps one through five. Everything we're doing here is positioning you so that clients can see you as a brand and a business that's a way to compete.

one of one so that basically in this sea of blue you're really the only person that's red that's offering something that is uniquely different from everybody else so i want you to think of that to have this mindset as we as we move through this entire section not only this module itself but just steps one through five right steps one through five is really about positioning

and how do we differentiate ourselves from everyone else. We're going to keep going into this. This largely covered a lot of that theory. I want to get deeper and deeper to talk about like the specifics as we go. Okay, let's jump into the next lesson now. Okay, so the goal is your goal is creating

a destination brand, okay? The destination brand, the idea here being a one of one is what's gonna address all of these questions. So why do my clients constantly haggle over the price? Why do they compare me to other photographers? Why do they want deals and discounts? Why do they always end up hiring the cheaper photographer? Why do they ghost after they learn?

my price. The entire reason that we encounter this behavior goes back to this slide and this concept. When we are seen in this space, then we're just one of many who are offering in their eyes something similar. So when we're just one of many that is offering

the same product then they compare us to the things that they value and by and large they value money right so this kind of goes back to a concept if you guys remember from like a college economics 101 class this is the typical uh price quantity this supply demand curve okay where basically the price is gonna land

and somewhere where the quantity is gonna be, right? So right here in the center where they cross, that is where price lives, right? Now, what changes is as we add more photographers, we increase the quantity of photographers that are available in the industry, right? And so what ends up happening in any space, it doesn't matter what, if we're looking at photography.

or any other service as we increase the supply, the quantity that's available, then generally price goes down. Because, well, if there's more people that offer this thing, then it becomes a more competitive space and this drives overall price down. What we're trying to do, and so this is the space when

we kind of talk about this, this is exactly what's happening. More photographers keep jumping into this area, which ends up just kind of continuing to push the price point down until supply essentially meets the demand curve, right? And the perception is what we just mentioned. It's the more a client perceives you to be similar to someone else, the less likely they are to sell to you. And that's what we're trying to do here. We're trying to make it so that you're not going to be able to sell to someone else

the less they're going to respect your pricing, the less they're going to really care. They're simply going to go and say, well, so-and-so offers this for less, and they're either going to haggle with you. They're going to say, like, can you match so-and-so's price? Or they're just going to ghost. They're just going to not respond. You get their pricing, they go and make comparisons, and they end up going with somebody else, and they don't reach out to you or let you know why.

what happened. So if this is how they see you, then price is how they're going to shop. It's how they're going to compare you. Now what we're trying to do is, the interesting thing is when we look at luxury demand curves, they tend to have much less of a severe slope to them. A luxury demand curve, if we kind of compare, like this is a regular demand curve,

this is a luxury demand curve or there's certain like products that might be inelastic. Inelastic means that the demand curve doesn't really change even though the price changes. An example of that would be like gas. Gas would almost have like a flat demand curve because even if the price goes up we still need gas to get to where we want to go. So it's like it's one of those items that whether

Sloped right the regular demand curve is just like okay the more there is then the less we're gonna pay But as soon as we step into this space where we're talking about a luxury service Generally, there's just less people that offer that thing. So our price point gets significantly less affected When more people enter the space notice the drop from here to here

versus like here to here, substantial versus kind of minimal. This is the idea. It's even more the case when you are a one of one. So you get to the most inelastic, the most flat we're gonna get. It's not gonna be completely flat. There's still gonna be a kind of slope to it. But when you're a one of one, your price.

business is not going to change the amount of demand that much in your business. People become less and less kind of price sensitive the more unique what you're offering is. Hopefully, that makes complete sense but if not, please let me know. Holler in the mentorship group. But let's go over this.

In this is an older model it was by a famous economist. I don't know his entire name I just know him as Porter's Porter's Four ways to compete Porter's four quadrants, whatever you want to call it, so we just called it Porter's But anyway It was based on this that you have four essential ways to compete one is cost leadership and examples of cost leadership is Walmart

Donald's, Costco, who basically are leaders within a specific area, right? You have also brands that are cost-focused. There's a lot of these too, but these are, they draw a very similar comparison to cost leaders. The difference that they would make is like, they're more focused on a very specific niche. So they're cost leaders within a focus, okay? So Spirit Airlines.

They lead on the front of just super cheap flights. By the way, if you book them, don't expect to get to where you want to go on time. But people know that. And they're like, I'm willing to sacrifice that for super cheap flights. Dollar Tree, very cheap, inexpensive items. Timu, another place where it's all cost-focused. Then we have differentiation. So these are companies like.

Apple or like Nike, like Tesla, where they have a very differentiated product that stands apart and they can drive a higher price point because of that, and there's less of them, right? And then if we were to get to the most unique, we have focused differentiation. And this is where they're not only differentiated and unique, but they're also highly focused as well.

And this is where I want you all to live. It's kind of like, this is why we're choosing a niche, but then we're building a luxury brand within that niche. So the niche is your focus. The luxury experience is your differentiation, right? So we're aiming for focus differentiation. And these would be brands like Bentley or Saks Fifth Avenue or Mez, all of those.

So another way of looking at this and I wanted to build this in because it's a more modern way of framing kind of Porter's four forces I think that's actually different anyway Porter's quadrants this is another way of framing it I think it's more simple it doesn't say exactly the same thing but honestly I think it's easier to understand that there's essentially

four ways to compete and it's either that we compete by being cheaper, by being faster, by being easier, or being better. Better is really that differentiation side so when we look at differentiation what we're looking at is being better. Then we can choose different areas as well to kind of add on to this like do we want to be faster. What's interesting is

Amazon built an entire insanely large business, one of the largest in the world, almost purely on just being faster. It started with just books and then eventually expanded to everything, but really their entire premise is like getting things to you within a day, within two days, right? Their whole model.

And there's, if you look at the items on Amazon of like what sells, getting a prime badge on your item makes like an 80% difference in like overall sales volume. It's like four to five times more if you have that little badge, if someone's gonna be able to get it within one or two days as opposed to like a couple of weeks. So these are really powerful.

ways of differentiating. But anyway, Zoom, Grammarly is all examples of that. Grammarly, the whole concept for them was like, what if we can give you real-time editing notes as opposed to having to find an editor and have to wait for it, right? Then you have ideas like easier. This is like Canva, making design easier. Uber, making taxis and the entire system of transportation easier. TurboTax.

tax. Cheaper is the space that I don't want you guys to compete in. It doesn't make sense when you're trying to offer. Notice that I place cheaper and better on opposite sides because you generally can't have better like luxury lives in this space and you can't offer luxury services at a cheaper price point. So I put these on on opposition but

this is not where we want to be, but I gave you examples of what those would be. Okay, where the check marks are are the things where that's where our opportunities lie in terms of your experience. I want you to first focus on better and then I want you to look at how can we make your process easier and then potentially what can we do to make it faster to increase the

engagement, the reward, the turnaround time, right? So what it means for you is that the more focused and the more differentiated your service, which again goes back to why I've been drilling in this idea of niching so much, the more your demand becomes kind of inelastic, which means that your price point is not nearly as much affected by.

the amount of photographers around you. It really doesn't matter. There become less substitutes for what you do. You start becoming the the one-of-one type business. Your price can remain higher and you actually end up building a business that is far more recession-proof, okay? It is not completely recession-proof. It is most certainly not.

not pandemic proof, that we learned in 2020 very hard ourselves, that there is no such thing as pandemic proof. Well, maybe there can be, but our business was not one of them. But it will be far more, we'll say, recession-resistant. So in short, as we become this destination brand that's thought of a one-of-a-kind,

one, that's when we're really going to be able to address and alleve all of these things. Because when clients haggle over price, when they compare you to other photographers, it gives you a very simple objection handling tool. I'm gonna give you that right now. We're not even in the sales section, but as we become a one of one, your objection handler.

Becomes this, well I understand that you're comparing me to other photographers, that's totally natural and I would expect that, but do you feel like they're offering a similar service and experience to me? If they say no, they're not offering a similar service, then they've already answered their own objection. And if they say...

say yes, they're either lying or maybe they did find someone that can do something that's exactly the same for less. If they did, then it's like, okay, well, you should go and book them. Usually more often than not, they're actually lying. If we have a focus differentiated service, they're kind of just blowing smoke up your ass. Okay. But either way, this is the way that we handle.

that objection. If there are, like if your level of quality in terms of work and your overall experience, the branding, the design, if all of these things are the same as 50 other people in your area that are actually cheaper than you, I myself as a client should

go and book those options. In fact, me as a photographer that is a salesperson that is the advocate for the client, I would tell them the same thing. I would not be their advocate in the sales process if I were telling them that they should book me, even though someone else does it better and does it for less. It doesn't go hand in hand.

So if we don't have a business that can really stand apart, then we lose that ability to really dictate price and to control this experience and to handle that objection when we get to the sales process. So the challenge that we have that I want to really work on here before we get to actually putting together the website.

design and even before we start working on in the next section we're going to start working on the next step we start working on your pricing your experience guides I want to lay out what we can do to build this experience we're going to refine this over time but this is our ultimate question is how can we design an experience that's better how is it possible that we can do it faster how can we make the process easier

We're going to cover that as we kind of move forward. So this is a good place to pause. I want you to just to make sure that at this point you're confident in kind of the niche and in your client avatar that we have these two things completed from step one and step two. Again, continuing forward without knowing this is going to lead us to a lot of rework and honestly, we're not going to get that good of

information that good of an experience designed out where we're not clear on who exactly we're serving. Okay, let's go ahead and jump on and again, if you have any questions at all, feel free to jump into the mentorship group. Crafting your brand identity. So what I'd like to do now is to actually start putting your brand identity into work.

That way, as we move forward, well, I'll tell you in just a second, it gets easier. But at this point, before we go forward, you should know your niche and your focus. You should have your clarified message. These are things that we can obviously refine over time, but we know the niche. We know the focus. We have our avatar. The clarified message is what can be refined over time. You've completed your market research.

you've created your vision statement, all those things are done, right? The idea here is if we put your brand identity into words, before you create your logo, before you go about designing your online experience, all of those things, it gets much, much easier. If your brand is already in words, then when we get logo designs, we can choose something.

It's fitting when we see website designs. We kind of know exactly where we want to go. So again, it's doing some of that legwork. And granted if you already have a logo and a website and all that again, I don't want you to change anything not until we actually get there in step 5 then if you want to start changing things by all means, but right now let's do the groundwork and maybe you find that after you put.

everything down in writing, what you have fits perfectly. Maybe you find that it doesn't, and that's the time to actually make changes, okay? But just examples of how we might start putting things into words. I'm gonna start with the Linen Jersey website. This is the older website. I don't know why I do this. I don't know why I start with this example. It's a website that we haven't worked on in years, but it's still kind of.

works and uh and this is what we were going for at the time okay so luxurious is a word i'd use to describe it timeless traditional refined a simple video that kind of opened up at the top and then basically like you know featured on had some text about what we were about very simple a traditional clean kind of design it was refined overall easy peasy let's go on to

another one. For those that have children present, I have modified this. I'm not showing the booty example, but we did this example from Stephanie's back in step one. The way that I would describe this brand is with words like sensual. I would say elegant. I'd say luxurious. I'd say timeless, especially if you wanted to run with this kind of black

black and white feel with it, right? Stephanie, that was my NSFW warning. Okay, another example. So here's my friend Caroline Tran, her wedding photography brand. Again, this is her older site, but I would describe this look as romantic, as soft, as elegant, as minimalistic, okay? And you're only seeing, by the way, a portion of these sites. You're not seeing the entire thing, but.

This is where I would kind of define them and we have alumni so Stephson alumni. We have also Tom Tom This is his his cinema brand. So timeless wedding films. I would describe this as kind of warm. It feels friendly. It's authentic It feels modern. So what we're looking for are some words some examples some first some adjectives

that can kind of define quickly the look that we're going for and then I'm going to ask you to actually create a description in just a moment. And what you'll find is that these operate like a roadmap. It becomes so much easier to create the perfect logo, the perfect design, all of that, and we're going to use templates, we're not going to design ourselves, but when you know where you're going it's so much easier.

want you to do throughout this, I'm building a lot of this by the way into this this module, is that you personalize the brand. So the more your brand reflects your own personality, your own values, the easier it was going to become to differentiate your service and to make it feel authentically you. Let's dive into the brand identity

toolkit. So what I've done in this first step of the toolkit is I want to get your mind moving just with some adjectives. And what I've done with these adjectives is I've placed them next to the opposite definition. What are those called? Antonyms? Are those antonyms? Someone English major, correct me. But either way, these adjectives are placed like next to the opposite version of the word.

of them. So you have traditional versus quirky, you have sophisticated versus minimalistic, you have luxurious versus whimsical, you have modern versus retro, authentic, regal. Okay so each one of these kind of has a different word. Is it synonyms? I thought synonyms were the same. Synonyms I think are the same meaning. I think antonyms are... is it synonyms?

You guys are confusing me. Anyway, let's go back to this for a second in your brand and strategy guide So I'm gonna pull this up Your brand and strategy workbook Under we go under tab one. You have the brand identity step right here Okay, so the same thing what we want to do is just pick out a few words here. It doesn't have to

to be perfect, but I want you just to have a few words of where you'd like the brand to go. What are the feelings that you'd like people to feel when they kind of first see your website, your online presence? That's the goal of this first little piece. Then afterwards, I want you to write a brief description of what your brand should convey. Now we're kind of putting together a paragraph.

that defines what is their first impression? How do I want clients to feel? And how does it connect with them emotionally? Okay. And of course, as always, this is where I want to beef this up by giving you some help. So what I've done first is built you, I built you two AI prompts. If you want a standalone prompt, you can use this one. But what I'd really like you to do

is let's continue using the brand strategist that we built from step two, okay? Let's continue that process. And we're even going to get to the end of this and update that brand strategist so it's even more powerful. So I'd like you to use this prompt. So what we're going to do is go ahead and copy this. Okay, I'm going to press control C or command C. We're going to jump into chat.

gpt i'm going to go back to my project again you could have saved this as a custom gpt whatever you'd like but i saved it just as a project and i'm just going to drop this in now remember your brand strategist kind of already knows who you are it already knows what you do it knows your niche it knows all those things so i don't need to say it again right we already had a name

I went with North and Nest for my brand name, and it was an elopement wedding photography studio. So what it gives me is kind of this whole set of like, well, for couples who choose adventure, authenticity, and connection over tradition, that was the clarified message that I gave, right? So it gives me an entire essence of voice and tone, visual style, all of this.

And it even tells me which type of images are going to matter most. So, soft hands resting on shoulders, eyes closed in embrace, wind lifting a veil or dress, morning light pouring in as vows are written, quiet kiss on a mountain top, and it does a beautiful job with it. It's scary how good this is. It gives me ideas for website direction, all of them. So, what I'd like for you to do,

do is to actually read through this and kind of put it into your own words. So make it yours, summarize it, and then drop it into your brand and identity description. Okay? By the way, if you want this summarized, you can always just say, okay, I want this summarized to a paragraph.

that I can drop into my brand and strategy. Sorry, my brand identity description. And we're gonna get a summary. Now, I do want you to make it your own words, obviously, but there it is.

Nest is a studio built on presence not performance crafted for couples who value authenticity connection the quiet fleeting moments look our brand is warm poetic and grounding with a visual identity and earthy tones elegant serif typography minimal nature inspired design holy shit like when you look at this can't you go oh

I kind of know what type of logo I should design, I know what my colors should be, I have an idea of like what websites would probably look good with this. You get a very clear picture of where we're going before we ever have to kind of dive into the process, right? That's what I'm hoping you're seeing from this. But that's what I'd like to do is use the brand strategies from step two. If you want to...

just carry this forward as a new conversation, you can. I gave you a standalone prompt for that as well. But go ahead and pause here. I want you to complete this, put it into your own words, and then add it to your brand idea description. Again, going back to the brand strategy workbook, it is right here. One more thing that I will, so this is this little spot. One more thing.

wanted to mention is that I did make some significant updates to the workbook. So just again to reiterate right if you want to let me let me pull this up so you can see the tabs at the bottom okay so you notice at the bottom we're on tab 2 right there's updates to sorry tab 1 my business there's updates to this so if you have the old version of this go ahead and click the arrow and just

say copy to existing spreadsheet and then select your workbook. OK. So I have a test spreadsheet here that I have selected. I'm going to go ahead and just click insert right. What it's going to do is it's going to insert that spreadsheet right at the end of this current one. So if you have answers already in your version of this what I would do is copy and paste those answers into.

the new page then once you're done go ahead and delete out the old page and keep the new one. You can even rename the new one so it doesn't say copy of. You can say rename, delete these little letters right here and then it'll be your brand new workbook. Just remember that the workbook has like seven tabs, I think six tabs.

So when you drop it in it's gonna show up at the very end so that you're not confused Sometimes you have to hit the arrow to see the other tabs based on how large your image screen is. Okay All right with that We are done with this lesson. Let's jump on to the next one. I Probably should have said what I just said on the recording. So by the end

of this, I want your brand strategist to be that project, that custom GPT, whether you save it as a custom GPT or just as a project, I want it to be the place where it can just give you fantastic answers for your business. But that being said, let's go now into building a valuable one-of-one experience. Okay, so how do we actually

start differentiating the experience a bit more. Okay, what I want y'all to consider in this process is a few ideas. In 2025s, the average wedding costs around $33,000 to $36,000 and it's reported that 58%, somewhere around 60% of couples basically are willing to increase their budget for things that they value.

value. So as long as we see something that we value that we appreciate, we increase our budgets and I think most of us can resonate with this idea just in our own personal lives, right? And you might be going, well, Papai, I'm not a wedding photographer. That's fine. So look, the average spend for statistically for luxury IPS portrait experiences within any genre is.

between 1,400 to $4,500 in 2025, okay? For boudoir, each one of these genres that you might be in, the ranges kind of vary a little bit. So I kind of listed a few common ranges. So for boudoir, it's like 1,800 to 3,200. On the high side, it could be 5,000 plus. Families, 1,400 to 2,500. High side, 3,500.

plus fine art is 2,000 to 4,500, high side is, and this is like fine art portraits, right, 7,000 plus. Now, these vary, of course, based on location. So these are averages based on, averages based across the United States. So if you are in another country, of course there's purchase price parity type ideas we need to take into account.

But if you're in another country and in a luxurious area, if you live in like London, right, then it's gonna be on the high side. If you live in a smaller city, it's gonna be probably towards the mid to a little bit of the lower side. And that goes for wherever you are in the States or abroad. But this is a good amount of money. I would venture to say that this is far more than most.

most of us are kind of making on our portrait experiences going into the industry, right? So we can see there's a lot of potential there. The point is to say, as long as you have a good experience, people will change their own idea of what they should be spending for something that they actually appreciate, for something that they really enjoy.

value. So that's the bottom line. We're all willing to spend money on experiences we value, so how is it that you can build an experience that somebody appreciates and that somebody values? Well, we start with like why they aren't seeing value. These are things that we're actively addressing already, right? Poor website design and online experience, bad quality of imagery and portfolio.

slower unresponsive communication, negative sales experience, our brand lacks connection, we haven't built our personality, we haven't humanized the brand, all of those things. We're working through each one of these, but first what I want you to do is, number one, I always mention this, we're working through this entire program in a step-by-step way.

On a weekly basis, you're working on one thing, so don't get overwhelmed with everything that we have to do. Let's focus on one thing. We're going to solve this all over time. For right now, what I'd love for you to do is actually list and describe the areas that you want to deliver in your experience, where you want to adjust the experience. Or if you've already done a good job with those, just list them out as well.

like things that you've already accomplished right so we're going to start by just kind of creating a list and then we can tackle this list over time so one last thing experience like all of these things is something that you're going to improve over time okay so the perfect plan for building the the perfect client experience running out the gate like if if if you are

Or it really doesn't matter if you're building the business from the ground up, or if you've already been running this business for a while. Trying to sit here and create the perfect experience just to run out of the gate with is virtually impossible. You're gonna build the perfect experience by actually making small changes, small tweaks one at a time, getting feedback, seeing what the clients think, making refinements and doing it.

that so it's an improvement over implementation process not a perfect the plan and then go with it process okay let's start this okay so step number one with the experience planner all right so we have a new guide here what I want to do so to get your mind moving

What I want to ask is basically, what are some ways that you want to level up your experience? And what I've done here is I've given you some ideas. So building a website with clear messaging that resonates, we need to recognize that experience starts from the moment that someone lands on our website, on our social media, all the way through to the actual delivery of the service.

experiences throughout all this process okay so what I would like to do is I'd like to divide what we're doing here into three different categories remember we said we're gonna compete on the ideas of being better on the ideas of being easier or on the ideas of being faster those are the ways we're gonna compete right so under the first category

I want you to think about what are ways that you can level up your experience in it, or in short, what are ways you can make it better? These are ideas of that personalizing your homepage with an experience video, right? Using the wave in your sales process, value selling. This hugely levels up your experience, building packages around your client's values. A lot of these components.

are things that are just naturally built into what we're doing in this entire program and then a lot of them that we're gonna bring up are basically like optional things like they're things like like of course I want you to have an experience video on your landing page but if we're just starting out we don't need to start with this we can build this on later right so depending on where you're at in your

business we're going to be looking at different components to improve basically but what I've given you in steps 1 through 16 is like these are in my opinion the everybody must do type things to have a good grounded luxury experience just right off the bat okay and then you can look to improve it in different areas. Creating an onboarding and welcome guide right that

That'd be beautiful. Authentically personalizing your brand experience. That's one thing that we're building in as well. Delivering an elevated shoot experience. Like what can we do for the shoot itself? All of these are components of better. And guess what? We're gonna use our brand strategist. This is one of those areas where you really need to use the brand strategist or a continued conversation.

So like if you had all of this in a new conversation, great. I didn't design you standalone prompts here because we kind of need the AI to understand where we're at. So use your branding strategist. Okay, so let's go back to this for a second. Let's go back to chat GPT and drop this in. So now we're going to drop that in and it's going to give me ideas focused.

on better. 10 ways you can elevate Norton S client experience from first click to final imagery and there we go personalized welcome video, emotion driven inquiry form prompts, beautiful story driven welcome guide, audio or video notes, you can say give me 10 more whatever you want to do but it gives you a ton of different ideas. Now these are ideas

What I what I don't want you to do is just to start implementing for the sake of implementing. What I want you to do is think of what you want to deliver in the process. Bring your personality, your vision into this. And more and more, I believe this as we move into this kind of like AI world, right? All the information, all of the ideas of what to do.

They're going to be easily and readily available for everybody. What I believe business is going to become is that it's going to become a human experience. Like we're going to want connection with people because that is a core human need. And beyond that, the business itself, our function becomes really a role of curation. We are the curators of what the experience is.

is, of how to develop a good service. Because all the ideas are out there and they're easy to pick and pull and to implement relatively. What is important is that we choose the right ones. What is important is that we curate the process, curate the actual experience to the people that we're serving. That's what's going to be more important.

more valuable as we go forward. But this is pretty cool, right? So it gives you all these ideas, a post-delivery reflection letter. I never thought about that, but if I were running an elopement brand, how cool would that be? That would be so fitting for an elopement brand. All right, so now we go to ideas, and what I want you to do is go to your brand and strategy workbook, and what I've given you is a new section of My Experience Planner, okay?

Okay, and what I've done is kind of listed out the area of business. So if you click here, it'll say this is my website, this is my sales process, this is my onboarding, my shoot process, my delivery process. So I kind of listed out the primary areas. If you ever wanted to add to this list, if you wanted to add a category, you just click the edit button and you can add another item right here if you'd like, okay, or delete.

or change. You can customize this however you see fit. But then just add a description of what that is. And what we have here is basically a list of things that I can improve to improve my experience over time. Again, this isn't a place to be overwhelmed. We're not going to try to do all all these things at the same time. We're going to work on it over time. And by the way, if you want to add more

rows, you can go to this at any point, select anything from the last row up and just click and say insert row above, or you can select multiple and say insert three rows above, and it'll give you more rows with the same formatting and everything. Alright, so I'm going to go ahead and just, how do I choose nothing? We'll just delete these, delete, okay, perfect.

All right, so we have better now built in better. Let's go now to easier. Okay, I'm going to get your mind moving with a few ideas on how you can make your experience easier. So some ideas here, a website flow, like the actual flow of the site is designed to answer questions they have, right? It's kind of a guide. We can have a curated

Start here guide. We can create an effortless inquiry experience where we make the process so simple and I love having a simple form and then calling them. That's part of like an effortless inquiry guide, inquiry experience, right? Instant proposal and contract review that we can do over the phone. We can have step-by-step onboarding like what's next after they sign up. All of these things make the process.

easier. So these are ideas and once again, we're going to give this to our brand strategist. Okay, so we're going to go right here and pop this in and you're going to get more ideas specific to your brand. So here it goes. Well, with North Nest, our elopement brand, here's one. First, clarity and website navigation.

So what it's like instead of experience talk stories instead of portfolios start here instead of contact a guided pricing PDF with built-in FAQs pre-written timeline template checklists This or that style decision tools a guided booking calendar with auto follow-up Don't have them choose a date for a call don't don't if it if it goes against if it's

giving you guidance that goes against what we talk about in this program, please come and verify, like ask somebody, right? I don't like booking calendars because, yeah, they often get bypassed, they often don't end up booking a time slot, and they often no-show with those. So there's a reason and a time and a place to do this, but for most of us, we wanna...

follow the five minute rule. Anytime we get their information, just call them. So that would be in conflict. Okay, a client portal with everything one plays, visual outfits, we get lots of great ideas from this. All right, with that done, now we go to step three. What are ways that we can improve the experience by being faster? Again, I gave you plenty of ideas. Look, a lot of these again are built in. The five minute rule, quick lead response time, right?

Live inquiry response via smart automation. This is like when they land on your website, you could have one of those automated AI tools pop up. The thing is that you wanna make sure that they act like a human, so you make sure that they're well-guided so it doesn't sound like a robot that's talking to them. But an instant proposal and contract review via phone, one-click console scheduling. This is useful.

this is that idea of the calendar. This is useful when they, for example, refuse to answer your calls or you have to reach out via email. Like maybe it's your last email that you're going to send to them and before you cut it off you say look if you'd like to get on my calendar you can book it here but this will be my last follow-up with you. That's useful for that place. It's also useful if we have hundreds of leads and we're

We just need to create a filter right off the bat. But for most of us, we just wanna follow the five minute rule. Sneak peeks within 24 hours where applicable, of course, this doesn't apply to like IPS models. Clear delivery timeline, and then you beat that timeline. This is again, inclusive models, not IPS. But let's go back to our brand strategist.

and plug this in. Okay. So let's jump right here. And I'm not going to sit and wait through it all but again it's going to give us 10 ways based on your business, based on what you've defined. Alright? Cool. Okay. This is where I'd love for you to kind of pause

and get some really good ideas into that planner. Get into the brand and strategy workbook under tab one into your experience planner. You don't have to finish filling this completely out. If you can get a couple into each of these sections, I think that'd be great. But these are ideas that I want you to hold in your mind of like, well, what can I do over time to improve?

these things. And again, don't overwhelm yourself. Think of when you're working on these areas in your business, choose one area and make that your focus for the week. Sometimes it might even take a little bit more, but make that the entire focus for one period of time to accomplish. And that's it. We're not going to try to do five different things at once. That's a, that's a recipe for, for overwhelm.

If you have any questions though, jump into the mentorship group and holler. Done with this lesson. Now we go on to humanizing your brand. So it's basically telling your story and I kind of have it as like telling your brand story because we're building a, especially those of us that are building like a personal brand, your brand and you kind of get mixed together, right? But we're

building a brand, we need to humanize that brand, whether it's a fictitious brand or whether it's named after yourself. Now, one of the things that you'll notice that I've kind of been doing over this program thus far is in V2, I was like, I wanna, and I keep mentioning these things in between and so I'm not redundant, I should just mention it in the videos. But one of the things that I've really wanted

do is take a lot of the heavy lifting from you as we move through the program. So the ideation and those types of things, what I've had to do to be able to do this is, is have you develop your own custom GPTs, your own projects kind of early on. So that's why in step two, I had you set up that project. We're going to keep using it. So I really would encourage you.

if you haven't done that yet, to go back and do that, to set up the project, because as we move forward, I wanna keep giving you tools that basically allow you to do the light lifting. You have all the ideation, everything, we're gonna let AI do all the ideation, we're gonna have it help us out, and all we're really gonna be doing as we keep moving forward is curating ideas that fit.

with us. So to really take advantage of all this, please go back and complete that if you haven't already. But let's go ahead and continue with this idea of humanizing your brand. So as a personal brand, I would say that you're honestly the most powerful differentiator. You have a unique story, okay? And building your story, building your values into your brand is one of the easiest ways.

to differentiate it. And it's also one of the most powerful ways of differentiating from other people. The other thing is too, if you have a fictitious brand, meaning like your name is not your name, right? With a fictitious brand, we have to still look to humanize the brand as much as possible. Otherwise, we create something that is very much disconnected from the emotional mindset.

of our clients. So we have to humanize regardless of which of these routes that we go. The question is, that I always get is like, well, where do we use this stuff? Like, where do we, like, okay, this is my story, this is about me, and what do I do? And what I like to say is, I want your design elements to incorporate areas of your personality.

personality. I want the excerpts on your landing page to have little things about you. I want your about me or about us to include that as well. You can also build these areas, build these things into like your newsletter, your content, all of that. But I want it to be woven in in a way that feels natural, that looks natural. And I'll show you kind of what I mean. But some good examples.

of this in the program that we can now call out to. For example, so these are past alumni Jesse and Dallin. They have this cute little section like so if you click about me you get to go into their website and see like meet our family and I've linked up everybody so you can kind of like check them out and see what they're doing. This is just a little excerpt but it says meet our family they have these cute little pictures that pop up and then it talks about

They're Disney fanatics, they're jazz supporters, even though I love the jazz too. But let's just be honest, they just don't get it done. They've never gotten it done. But that's okay, we still love them. Aske, current alumni. He's done this great job of refining his entire about page. But look at this line right here.

Army medic to photography. Doesn't that like immediately get you wanting to learn more about who this person is, right? These are specifically about us pages, right? Another current alumni, Viviana Cardenas. Okay, so Viviana here. So she goes into kind of like, well, you spent years building your business, perhaps leading teams. She has this cute little picture of her behind the scene.

And then she talks about kind of what she does in her brand and who she is. Right moment, Tom. So Tom, another current alumni gives fun facts about me. I love starting with these fun facts because they're light. They're easy, but what we're really trying to do is weave. So rather than blast somebody over the top of the head of like who you are, like we don't want that. We don't want them to land on your.

website, they see like you're a photographer and what you do and then all of a sudden it's about me and it's like three pages of like, here's why I'm awesome. That's not what we're trying to do here. What we're trying to do is weave these elements naturally into our brand. An example of this, like if you love Disney that much, like the Magic Kingdom or let's say that you guys had Disney passes, you know.

The magic key passes for Disney, this is a big part of your family and you have a family business. Maybe you use something like a magic key, not one that's copyrighted by Disney, you will get in trouble for this, but maybe the element that divides sections of your website is a magical little key, right? It's little things like this that make the brand look and feel personal.

It's little elements, and I guess the word I'm looking for is ornaments, ornaments that we might introduce. It's spaces where we might say something, content where we might give a bit of our story. We weave it in naturally over time throughout each of these places, okay? So what I'm going to do is I'm going to give you a place to start this, and I'm going to say there's a lot of room.

right ways to do this. So just think of the kind of brand humanizer guide as a place to start in this process. Where I would start with this is I would write a personal clarified message. So your brand has its own clarified message. I would start with step number one is kind of writing a personal one, something that you might include.

like at the top of an About Us or an About Me page, right? So examples of that, we're a husband and wife wedding photographers, parents of two beautiful children in love with life's perfectly imperfect moments. Branding photographer, this could be like if you're single, right? Branding photographer, coffee shop dweller, former corporate escapee who believes your story matters more than your follower count.

That's like if you have a fictitious business name, whatever. Headshot photographer, closet comedian. I make awkward people look confident and confident people look human, dad jokes included, right? This is just a short snippet of you, who you are, what makes you unique? It can be, you know, I like one element of photography in there, but I don't like it to be.

about photography, right? I like it to be about the person. So give me a personalized clarify message. Now, I'm not gonna give you a prompt for this one because it's really easy, right? What I would have you do is I would just go to my brand strategist at this point, and I would say, here's my personal clarify message.

verified message, can you help me refine it? Okay, and then I would literally just paste it in. So I might say something like, I believe in experiences over, what is the word? Experiences over purchases? That's not the right word, but.

Okay, I'm just going to make things up for an Elopement Brand. All right. It can be really anything you want.

But now it's gonna just say, okay, based on what I know about you is, I believe life is meant to experience, not purchased. That the most perfect moments rarely feel perfect while they're happening. And that more than anything, we're here to feel love, share laughter, and live fully in the between. I fucking wish this wasn't as good as it is, okay? Like, I wish that it took more than what it takes these days.

days to get this up, but it's absolutely wild. So just give it an idea of where you're trying to go and your brand strategist knows enough about you at this point that it's gonna give you a good refined message. So this is what I would do is look to refine through that. Next, we're gonna go to step two. So this is the about me and potentially my family if you have a family or it can just be about me.

If you have a family, include them, like include parts of the story. You don't have to like name your children. You don't have to like get really private and personal with things, but the more we can learn about you, in my opinion, the better and the more differentiated we become. So we don't need to go into crazy depth. You don't need to talk about your divorce. You don't need to like go wild here, but here's a couple of different examples. So for one person that's single, another that's single,

couple. I kind of wrote some of these out. Most days start with coffee and a playlist, usually a mix of old soul, folk, whatever I'm currently overplaying. I live for early morning light. So this is just a nice little description. With each of these, by the way, you're going to go back to your brand and strategy workbook and you're dropping them in under humanizing my brand. So my personal clarified message, this is a little snippet about me. And what we're

looking for in here are elements, right? Like if you love coffee in a playlist, if this is two pieces about you, then why not have the ornament? Like an ornament, for example, divides the section of a website, okay? So let me go to Creative Market. Let me just find a preview page, right? An ornament is something that might go between to kind of like divide sections.

And of course, this has no ornaments. So maybe we can try and find, let's see, website ornament section divide. Let's see if there's any examples. Okay, so these are ornaments that might divide a section of a website. Why not, instead of like some foofy line that means nothing,

Why not just have a little coffee mug? Like on the blog it just has a coffee mug between sections like it's a little tiny logo that divides things Why not have like if you love listening to old records you have like a little record player between them All of these are little elements that personalize the brand so what we're looking inside of this is just certain

words, certain elements here that we can not only build visually into the brand, but also build into the ideas that we share through the brand as well. Okay, so I'm not going to read through each one of these examples, but again, if you have a question of any of them, just grab it, drop it into your, your strategist and say, Hey, this is.

is my kind of about me message in a paragraph. Can you help me refine this based on what you know about me? That's it, okay? Then we're gonna go to step three. This is your passion, your interest, and your hobbies. I don't care what you call them. These elements, again, are wonderful little pieces of seasoning that you can pepper out throughout the experience. And what I love also about these

is honestly like when it comes to, so let's pull up one of these examples. Let's go and grab, let's say for example, Aske. Okay, let's pull his up for a second and let's go to the about. One of my favorite things about interests and hobbies is generally the way that like an about me works or really when we're trying to.

to introduce someone to our brand is we start with the light stuff, like kind of like an overview and like interests, and then we start getting a little bit deeper and deeper into things. So interests and hobbies, they work perfectly as light fodder, right? I usually like to have something that captures them up top and kind of gets them to read.

And then we start with light ideas. I've lived in six different countries. Fantastic. A few of my favorite things. These are my interests and my hobbies, right? These are nice light things as we get deeper and deeper. We don't talk about the meaning of what I do or the depth of my experience. We don't talk about those things until we start scrolling to the end.

those things to come like towards the end of this not be at the top kind of for the same reason that like if you go on a date right we think of like onion layers like let's get to know each other slowly I'm not going to go on to a date and trauma dump and be like you know I just went through a 14-year marriage and divorce I just feel like you should know that up front like that's the best way to just send somebody packing

right out the gate. And that doesn't just apply to dating, it applies like in business, you're essentially courting and kind of dating these clients, right? Figuring out if this is a good fit. So as we present ourselves, we want to do it in the same way, where we're not just diving into the core of like who we are and our trauma, but rather we're starting light.

Love about passions and interests and hobbies is not only can these be easily woven into graphical elements and all that, but it's also really easy light fodder to start the conversation as we go. So we tend to want to see these towards the top of like a page or towards the top of an experience, okay? Then we go into the deep stuff. This is the depth.

values or why statement. So this is the why or the reason for why you do what you do and this is the next step. It's where I want you to get honest, get personal, at least in the process of writing this, okay? You don't have to share all of it, but at least in the process of writing this, I want you to get deep and be personal and honest with yourself.

Then later on we can choose how much of it we'd like to show, but a lot of your why is going to be hidden in these layers of personal experiences and oftentimes even inside of trauma. I want you to unpack that so you have this deeper understanding of yourself, why you're doing what you're doing, and why this brand is authentic to you, and then we can choose how much we're going to show it.

essentially when we get to the website. Again, if you have this deep, long guide that you've written up after this point, right? You've written it and you've pasted it into, like you've dropped it right into here and you're like, Jesus, that thing is like a giant trauma dump. And you can go right back to your brand strategist and say, look, I'm going to paste in the entire.

value set and reason for why I do what I do. I'd like you to help me refine this so it doesn't feel like I am trauma dumping.

on potential clients. Why don't you go ahead, I'm just gonna have a guess, why I do what I do. This is the funny thing is, you've given it so much at this point that if you actually.

He asked it, no, you tell me who I likely am. You've given it so much information here that if you've been honest and genuine about kind of like your values, your why, your brand, all these things, then most likely it's actually gonna give you something that's pretty spot on. You're someone that's lived life through unpredictability.

maybe even loss or disruption that reshaped what you value, and you're like, oh, Jesus, this is exactly why I chose elopement photography. You've likely experienced these moments that didn't go as planned, but in the middle of them, something real happened. You had a love connection stillness. Anyway, it's kind of funny how good it can be in terms of like telling you who you might be, but I don't want to allow it to tell you that. I want you to.

you to create your own story. And then if you need refinement on that, drop it in. So at any point in time, if you need help, you can always throw what you have into the brand strategist or an ongoing train conversation and ask something like, from what you understand about me and my brand, can you help me rewrite this? You tell what section you're working on and put this into my voice, then you place it below. Again.

make it yours then complete that humanizing section of your workbook so humanizing my brand if you have any questions at all go ahead and drop them into the mentorship group and let me just double check uh we do have one question so james nicks while we're live filming james asked you keep saying put things in your own words but how do you do that when the gpt is putting out so good and already so tailored

than what you're trying to say. So yes even like the GPT puts out very refined words and here's a thing if you've been talking to the GPT in your own voice like if you've been basically kind of training it from the ground up of like this is who I am right then you should be noticing that you should be noticing that it's doing a

better and better job of actually giving you responses that fit your voicing because that's part of what you were training it to do. So that being said, I still like to make little tweaks here and there. I don't like to ever pull something directly, but I find that I'm making less and less tweaks, right? I find like, I look back at it and I'm picking and pulling certain areas.

is I'm making adjustments to a couple words here and there. I might be spacing it out a little bit differently. I just make little adjustments as I go. But that's a great question, James. And when we've trained it that well, then we're gonna get really good results. I still like to modify just enough where another AI is not gonna, like, I don't want the copy itself.

to be detectable as AI. So I'm making changes to a few words here and there just so that I have my spin in it. If it's giving you stuff that is far from like the way that you would write then that means that probably what we're the input that we were giving it along the training is not that great and that means that you're gonna have a lot more modification to do okay so that's it but yeah you should be

seeing that result because we're actually training it. Cool. Done with this lesson. Alright, what I'm hoping at this point is that you have a lot of concrete ideas now on specifically how you can level up your experience. I expect you to be coming back to this, okay? I also expect this...

If you have gone through version one of this or if you've just already done the program, I don't know. Maybe you've just kind of completed some of the business tab at this point. What I would say is after completing this module, it's very likely that you've gained a lot of additional clarity and you might wanna go and just update some things. You might wanna update kind of like your brand identity from where you had it before.

You might want to create add more pieces to your experience and you might also want to do this over time So I'm placing the link here again. I think you guys have all the link, but I'm putting in your workbook just for convenience It's right there The link never changes by the way And so you can grab any of those new tabs and paste it over and and make updates So I would encourage you to do that and I would encourage you to read

visit it as well okay the other thing is since we have kind of done a lot of work on our brand strategist why not update that from step two and kind of level it up again so let's do a little AI prompt trainer part three so I'm giving you another prompt right here which is I've shared a lot more information with you since we first created the original brand strategist

okay so you're going to copy this and let's go right back to the GPT okay and what I'm going to do is just you can put it at the end of this conversation we're still in this project right or I can bring it right back to this spot and I can just copy it in right there and it'll just say I've shared a lot more information since you first created

So what it's going to do is request a new set of instructions. All right. So here's your fully updated brand strategy instructions. It's going to include role and purpose. Now it's going to build in more of like your personality, your value sets, all of that update, clarified message, vision statements. So dream clients. There we go. We have everything. OK.

And then what we're gonna do is when this is done, we'll actually just copy this, strategic domain of support, brand messaging identity, perfect, okay. And what I notice is, let's make sure that it includes working frameworks, okay. If it, there we go, brand voice snapshot, good. Sample brand copy, good, good, good, good. Okay.

Okay, if you felt like it was missing like elements of your personality, I think it already captured all this and it did a really great job. So you can always ask it to give you more stuff, but what we're gonna do is basically grab this. Okay. And we're just gonna copy this entire thing. All right.

We're gonna go back to the project, or if you're using like a custom GPT, you'd go back to the custom GPT. We're gonna go to the instructions and copy paste, okay? And there's our new version of that. We save it out and we have that. So the more that it understands about you personally now at this point, the more it understands about where you wanna go with your brand, and the more you've had a conversation with it.

And said, like, these are the experiences that I want to offer. These are the things that I've wanted to do. I've used, as you've customized that and kind of tailored that through this conversation, the better this set of instructions is going to be and the more useful the tool becomes to you and your business over time. All right. That is, I believe it for me. So let's see, once you've updated the instructions, you're good to go.

So just go ahead and and and and pause make sure that that's updated with all the new stuff I hope you're gaining comfort more and more in and kind of like leveraging AI as this powerful Basically partner in your business and if you have any questions pop them into our mentorship group. So with that this section this module

is done. And so what I would love for you to do is to start thinking about each of these things as we move forward and we're going to go ahead and build the pricing and experience guides as we go into the next module. And then as we go into step 5, module 5, that's where we're going to start implementing throughout the entire website. Again, remember, this is a process of refinement. This is a process of implementing.

going back and making tweaks. But I'm hoping at this point, you're starting to get a really good idea of where you're going in this brand and this business. We're done here.