engagement, the reward, the turnaround time, right? So what it means for you is that the more focused and the more differentiated your service, which again goes back to why I've been drilling in this idea of niching so much, the more your demand becomes kind of inelastic, which means that your price point is not nearly as much affected by.

the amount of photographers around you. It really doesn't matter. There become less substitutes for what you do. You start becoming the the one-of-one type business. Your price can remain higher and you actually end up building a business that is far more recession-proof, okay? It is not completely recession-proof. It is most certainly not.

not pandemic proof, that we learned in 2020 very hard ourselves, that there is no such thing as pandemic proof. Well, maybe there can be, but our business was not one of them. But it will be far more, we'll say, recession-resistant. So in short, as we become this destination brand that's thought of a one-of-a-kind,

one, that's when we're really going to be able to address and alleve all of these things. Because when clients haggle over price, when they compare you to other photographers, it gives you a very simple objection handling tool. I'm gonna give you that right now. We're not even in the sales section, but as we become a one of one, your objection handler.

Becomes this, well I understand that you're comparing me to other photographers, that's totally natural and I would expect that, but do you feel like they're offering a similar service and experience to me? If they say no, they're not offering a similar service, then they've already answered their own objection. And if they say...

say yes, they're either lying or maybe they did find someone that can do something that's exactly the same for less. If they did, then it's like, okay, well, you should go and book them. Usually more often than not, they're actually lying. If we have a focus differentiated service, they're kind of just blowing smoke up your ass. Okay. But either way, this is the way that we handle.

that objection. If there are, like if your level of quality in terms of work and your overall experience, the branding, the design, if all of these things are the same as 50 other people in your area that are actually cheaper than you, I myself as a client should

go and book those options. In fact, me as a photographer that is a salesperson that is the advocate for the client, I would tell them the same thing. I would not be their advocate in the sales process if I were telling them that they should book me, even though someone else does it better and does it for less. It doesn't go hand in hand.

So if we don't have a business that can really stand apart, then we lose that ability to really dictate price and to control this experience and to handle that objection when we get to the sales process. So the challenge that we have that I want to really work on here before we get to actually putting together the website.

design and even before we start working on in the next section we're going to start working on the next step we start working on your pricing your experience guides I want to lay out what we can do to build this experience we're going to refine this over time but this is our ultimate question is how can we design an experience that's better how is it possible that we can do it faster how can we make the process easier

We're going to cover that as we kind of move forward. So this is a good place to pause. I want you to just to make sure that at this point you're confident in kind of the niche and in your client avatar that we have these two things completed from step one and step two. Again, continuing forward without knowing this is going to lead us to a lot of rework and honestly, we're not going to get that good of

information that good of an experience designed out where we're not clear on who exactly we're serving. Okay, let's go ahead and jump on and again, if you have any questions at all, feel free to jump into the mentorship group. Crafting your brand identity. So what I'd like to do now is to actually start putting your brand identity into work.

That way, as we move forward, well, I'll tell you in just a second, it gets easier. But at this point, before we go forward, you should know your niche and your focus. You should have your clarified message. These are things that we can obviously refine over time, but we know the niche. We know the focus. We have our avatar. The clarified message is what can be refined over time. You've completed your market research.

you've created your vision statement, all those things are done, right? The idea here is if we put your brand identity into words, before you create your logo, before you go about designing your online experience, all of those things, it gets much, much easier. If your brand is already in words, then when we get logo designs, we can choose something.

It's fitting when we see website designs. We kind of know exactly where we want to go. So again, it's doing some of that legwork. And granted if you already have a logo and a website and all that again, I don't want you to change anything not until we actually get there in step 5 then if you want to start changing things by all means, but right now let's do the groundwork and maybe you find that after you put.

everything down in writing, what you have fits perfectly. Maybe you find that it doesn't, and that's the time to actually make changes, okay? But just examples of how we might start putting things into words. I'm gonna start with the Linen Jersey website. This is the older website. I don't know why I do this. I don't know why I start with this example. It's a website that we haven't worked on in years, but it's still kind of.

works and uh and this is what we were going for at the time okay so luxurious is a word i'd use to describe it timeless traditional refined a simple video that kind of opened up at the top and then basically like you know featured on had some text about what we were about very simple a traditional clean kind of design it was refined overall easy peasy let's go on to

another one. For those that have children present, I have modified this. I'm not showing the booty example, but we did this example from Stephanie's back in step one. The way that I would describe this brand is with words like sensual. I would say elegant. I'd say luxurious. I'd say timeless, especially if you wanted to run with this kind of black

black and white feel with it, right? Stephanie, that was my NSFW warning. Okay, another example. So here's my friend Caroline Tran, her wedding photography brand. Again, this is her older site, but I would describe this look as romantic, as soft, as elegant, as minimalistic, okay? And you're only seeing, by the way, a portion of these sites. You're not seeing the entire thing, but.

This is where I would kind of define them and we have alumni so Stephson alumni. We have also Tom Tom This is his his cinema brand. So timeless wedding films. I would describe this as kind of warm. It feels friendly. It's authentic It feels modern. So what we're looking for are some words some examples some first some adjectives

that can kind of define quickly the look that we're going for and then I'm going to ask you to actually create a description in just a moment. And what you'll find is that these operate like a roadmap. It becomes so much easier to create the perfect logo, the perfect design, all of that, and we're going to use templates, we're not going to design ourselves, but when you know where you're going it's so much easier.

want you to do throughout this, I'm building a lot of this by the way into this this module, is that you personalize the brand. So the more your brand reflects your own personality, your own values, the easier it was going to become to differentiate your service and to make it feel authentically you. Let's dive into the brand identity

toolkit. So what I've done in this first step of the toolkit is I want to get your mind moving just with some adjectives. And what I've done with these adjectives is I've placed them next to the opposite definition. What are those called? Antonyms? Are those antonyms? Someone English major, correct me. But either way, these adjectives are placed like next to the opposite version of the word.

of them. So you have traditional versus quirky, you have sophisticated versus minimalistic, you have luxurious versus whimsical, you have modern versus retro, authentic, regal. Okay so each one of these kind of has a different word. Is it synonyms? I thought synonyms were the same. Synonyms I think are the same meaning. I think antonyms are... is it synonyms?

You guys are confusing me. Anyway, let's go back to this for a second in your brand and strategy guide So I'm gonna pull this up Your brand and strategy workbook Under we go under tab one. You have the brand identity step right here Okay, so the same thing what we want to do is just pick out a few words here. It doesn't have to

to be perfect, but I want you just to have a few words of where you'd like the brand to go. What are the feelings that you'd like people to feel when they kind of first see your website, your online presence? That's the goal of this first little piece. Then afterwards, I want you to write a brief description of what your brand should convey. Now we're kind of putting together a paragraph.

that defines what is their first impression? How do I want clients to feel? And how does it connect with them emotionally? Okay. And of course, as always, this is where I want to beef this up by giving you some help. So what I've done first is built you, I built you two AI prompts. If you want a standalone prompt, you can use this one. But what I'd really like you to do

is let's continue using the brand strategist that we built from step two, okay? Let's continue that process. And we're even going to get to the end of this and update that brand strategist so it's even more powerful. So I'd like you to use this prompt. So what we're going to do is go ahead and copy this. Okay, I'm going to press control C or command C. We're going to jump into chat.