Okay, so the goal is your goal is creating a destination brand, okay? The destination brand, the idea here being a one of one is what's gonna address all of these questions. So why do my clients constantly haggle over the price? Why do they compare me to other photographers? Why do they want deals and discounts? Why do they always end up hiring the cheaper photographer? Why do they ghost after they learn my price? The entire reason that we encounter this.

behavior goes back to this slide and this concept. When we are seen in this space then we're just one of many who are offering in their eyes something similar. So when we're just one of many that is offering the same product then they compare us to the things that they value and by and large they value money right. So this kind of goes back to a concept if you guys remember from like a economics 101 class. This is the typical price

quantity, this supply-demand curve, okay? Where basically the price is gonna land somewhere where the quantity is gonna be, right? So right here in the center where they cross, that is where price lives, right? Now what changes is, as we add more photographers, we increase the quantity of photographers that are available in the industry, right? And so what ends up happening in any space, it doesn't matter if we're looking at photography or any other service, as we increase the supply, the quantity that's available.

then generally price goes down because well, if there's more people that offer this thing, then it becomes a more competitive space and this drives overall price down. What we're trying to do, and so this is the space when we kind of talk about this, this is exactly what's happening. More photographers keep jumping into this area, which ends up just kind of continuing to push the price point down until supply essentially meets the demand curve, right? And the.

Deception is what we just mentioned. It's the more a client perceives you to be similar to someone else, the less they're gonna respect your pricing, the less they're going to really care. They're simply gonna go and say, well, so-and-so offers this for less, and they're either gonna haggle with you, they're gonna say, like, can you match so-and-so's price, or they're just gonna ghost. They're just gonna not respond. You get their pricing, they go and make comparisons, and they end up going with somebody else, and they don't reach out to you or let you know why or what happened. So if this is how they see you, then price is how they're gonna shop. It's how they're gonna.

compare you. Now what we're trying to do is the interesting thing is when we look at luxury demand curves they tend to have much less of a severe slope to them okay a luxury demand curve if we kind of compare like this is a regular demand curve this is a luxury demand curve or there are certain like products that might be inelastic. Inelastic means that the demand curve doesn't really change even though the price changes. An example of that would be like gas. Gas would almost have like a flat demand curve because even if the price goes up

up, we still need gas to get to where we want to go. So it's like, it's one of those items that whether the price goes up or down, it doesn't change the amount that of purchasing by it changes a little bit, but not nearly as much as it would something else. So whereas something like gas would be a flat line, luxury demand is not flat. Okay. It still has a curve to it, but it's much less sloped, right? The regular demand curve is just like, okay, the more there is, then the less we're going to pay.

But as soon as we step into the space where we're talking about a luxury service, generally there's just less people that offer that thing. So our price point gets significantly less affected when more people enter the space. Notice the drop from here to here versus like here to here. Substantial versus kind of minimal. This is the idea. It's even more the case when you are a one-of-one. So you get to the most inelastic, the most flat we're going to get. It's not going to be completely flat. They're still going to be.

be a kind of slope to it, but when you're a one-of-one, your price is not going to change the amount of demand that much in your business, okay? So people become less and less kind of price sensitive the more unique what you're offering is. Hopefully, that makes complete sense, but if not, please let me know, holler in the mentorship group, but let's go over this. So this is an older model. It was by a famous economist, I don't know his entire...

I just know them as porters, porters, four ways to compete, porters, four quadrants, whatever you want to call it. So we just called it porters. But anyway, it was based on this, that you have four essential ways to compete. One is cost leadership, and examples of cost leadership is Walmart, McDonald's, Costco, who basically are leaders within a specific area, right? You have also brands that are cost focused. There's a lot of these too, but these are, they draw a very similar comparison to cost leaders. The difference that they would make is like, they're more focused on a very.

specific niche. So they're cost leaders within a focus, okay? So Spirit Airlines, they lead on the front of just super cheap flights. By the way, if you book them, don't expect to get to where you wanna go on time. But people know that, and they're like, I'm willing to sacrifice that for super cheap flights. Dollar Tree, very cheap, inexpensive items. Timu, another place where it's all cost-focused. Then we have differentiation. So these are companies like Apple or like Nike, like Tesla, where they have a very differentiated product that does.

stands apart and they can drive a higher price point because of that, and there's less of them, right? And then if we were to get to the most unique, we have focus differentiation. And this is where they're not only differentiated and unique but they're also highly focused as well. And this is where I want you all to live. It's kind of like, this is why we're choosing a niche but then we're building a luxury brand within that niche. So the niche is your focus, the luxury experience is your differentiation, right? So we're aiming for focus differentiation.

And these would be brands like Bentley or Saks Fifth Avenue or Mez all of those so another way of looking at this and I wanted to build this in because it's a more modern way of framing kind of porters For forces, I think that's actually a different anyway porters quadrants. This is another way of framing it I think it's more simple. It doesn't say exactly the same thing But honestly, I think it's easier to understand that there's essentially four ways to compete and it's either that we compete by being cheaper By being faster by being

easier or being better, okay? Better is really that differentiation side. So when we look at differentiation, what we're looking at is being better, right? And then we can choose different areas as well to kind of add on to this. Like, do we wanna be faster? What's interesting is Amazon built an entire insanely large business, one of the largest in the world, almost purely on just being faster. It started with just books and then eventually expanded to everything, but really their entire premise is like.

getting things to you within a day, within two days, right? Their whole model and there's, if you look at the items on Amazon of like what sells, getting a prime badge on your item makes like an 80% difference in like overall sales volume. It's like four to five times more if you have that little badge, if someone's gonna be able to get it within one or two days as opposed to like a couple weeks. So these are really powerful ways of differentiating. But anyway, Zoom, Grammarly is all examples of that. Grammarly, the whole concept for them was like,

What if we can give you real-time editing notes as opposed to having to find an editor and have to wait for it, right? Then you have ideas like easier. This is like Canva, making design easier. Uber, making taxis and the entire system of transportation easier, TurboTax. Cheaper is the space that I don't want you guys to compete in. It doesn't make sense when you're trying to offer, notice that I placed cheaper and better on opposite sides because you generally can't have better, like luxury lives in this space and you can't offer.

luxury services at a cheaper price point. So I put these on opposition, but this is not where we wanna be, but I gave you examples of what those would be, okay? Where the check marks are, are the things where that's where our opportunities lie in terms of your experience. I want you to first focus on better. And then I want you to look at how can we make your process easier? And then potentially what can we do to make it faster, to increase the engagement, the reward, the turnaround time, right? So what it means.

For you is that the more focused and the more differentiated your service which again goes back to why I've been drilling in this Idea of niching so much the more your demand becomes kind of inelastic Which means that your price point is not nearly as much affected by the amount of photographers around you It really doesn't matter there become less substitutes for what you do You start becoming the the one-of-one type business your price can remain higher and you actually end up building a business That is far more recession proof, okay

It is not completely recession-proof, it is most certainly not pandemic-proof, that we learned in 2020 very hard ourselves, that there is no such thing as pandemic-proof. Well, maybe there can be, but our business was not one of them. But it will be far more, we'll say, recession-resistant. So in short, as we become this destination brand that's thought of a one-of-one, that's when we're really going to be able to address and alleve all of