these things at the same time, we're gonna work on it over time. And by the way, if you wanna add more rows, you can go to this at any point, select anything from the last row up and just click and say insert row above, or you can select multiple and say insert three rows above, and it'll give you more rows with the same formatting and everything. All right, so I'm gonna go ahead and just, how do I choose nothing? We'll just delete these. Delete, okay, perfect. All right, so we have better now built in, better. Let's go now to easy.

Okay, I'm gonna get your mind moving with a few ideas on how you can make your experience easier. So some ideas here, a website flow, like the actual flow of the site is designed to answer questions they have, right? It's kind of a guide. We can have a curated start here guide. We can create an effortless inquiry experience where we make the process so simple and I love having a simple form and then calling them. That's part of like an effortless inquiry experience, right? Instant proposal and contract review that we can do over the phone. We can have step-by-step.

onboarding, like what's next after they sign up, all of these things make the process easier. So these are ideas, and once again, we're gonna give this to our brand strategist. Okay, so we're gonna go right here and pop this in, and you're gonna get more ideas specific to your brand. So here it goes. Well, with North Nest, our elopement brand, here's one. First, clarity and website navigation. So what it's like instead of experience. Talk stories instead of portfolios. Start here.

instead of contact. A guided pricing PDF with built-in FAQs. Pre-written timeline template checklists. This or that style decision tools. A guided booking calendar with auto follow-up. Don't have them choose a date for a call, don't, don't. If it goes against, if it's giving you guidance that goes against what we talk about in this program, please come and verify, like ask somebody, right? I don't like booking calendars because, yeah, they often get bypassed, they often don't end up booking a time slot, and they often no-show with those. So.

There's a reason and a time and a place to do this, but for most of us, we want to follow the five minute rule. Anytime we get their information, just call them. So that would be in conflict. Okay, a client portal with everything in one place, visual outfits. We get lots of great ideas from this, all right? With that done, now we go to step three. What are ways that we can improve the experience by being faster? Again, I gave you plenty of ideas. Look, a lot of these, again, are built in. The five minute rule, quick lead response time, right? Live inquiry response via smart automation. This is like when they land on your website. You could have one of those.

automated AI tools pop up. The thing is that you wanna make sure that they act like a human, so you make sure that they're well-guided so it doesn't sound like a robot that's talking to them. But an instant proposal and contract review via phone, one-click console scheduling, this is useful, this is that idea of the calendar. This is useful when they, for example, refuse to answer your calls, or you have to reach out via email. Like maybe it's your last email that you're gonna send to them, and before you cut it off and you say, look, if you'd like to get on my calendar, you can book it here, but this'll be.

my last follow up with you. That's useful for that place. It's also useful if we have hundreds of leads and we just need to create a filter right off the bat. But for most of us, we just wanna follow the five minute rule. Sneak peeks within 24 hours where applicable of course, this doesn't apply to like IPS models. Clear delivery timeline and then you beat that timeline. This is again, inclusive models, not IPS. But let's go back to our brand strategist and plug this in. Okay. So let's jump right here.

And I'm not going to sit and wait through it all, but again, it's going to give us 10 ways based on your business, based on what you've defined. All right. Cool. Okay. This is where I'd love for you to kind of pause and get some really good ideas into that planner. Get into the brand and strategy workbook under tab one into your experience planner. You don't have to finish filling this completely out. If you can get a couple into each of these sections, I think that'd be great. But these are ideas that.

I want you to hold in your mind of like, well, what can I do over time to improve these things? And again, don't overwhelm yourself. Think of when you're working on these areas in your business, choose one area and make that your focus for the week. Sometimes it might even take a little bit more, but make that the entire focus for one period of time to accomplish. And that's it. We're not going to try to do five different things at once. That's a, that's a recipe for, for overwhelm. If you have any questions, though, jump into the mentorship group and a holler done with his lesson.

MBC 뉴스 이덕영입니다.