I probably should've said what I just said on the recording. So by the end of this, I want your brand strategist to be that project, that custom GPT or whether you save it as a custom GPT or just as a project, I want it to be the place where it can just give you fantastic answers for your business. But that being said, let's go now into building a valuable one-of-one experience, okay? So how do we actually start differentiating the experience a bit more? Okay.

want y'all to consider in this process is a few ideas. In 2025s, the average wedding costs around $33,000 to $36,000 and it's reported that 58%, somewhere around 60% of couples basically, are willing to increase their budget for things that they value. So as long as we see something that we value that we appreciate, we increase our budgets. And I think most of us can resonate with this idea just in our own personal lives, right? You might be going, well, Popeye, I'm not a wedding photographer. That's fine. Well, look, the average spend for.

Statistically, for luxury IPS portrait experiences within any genre is between 1,400 to $4,500 in 2025, okay? For boudoir, each one of these genres that you might be in, the ranges kind of vary a little bit. So I kind of listed a few common ranges. So for boudoir, it's like 1,800 to 3,200. On the high side, it could be 5,000 plus. Families, 1,400 to 2,500. High side, 3,500 plus. Fine art is 2,000 to 4,500. High side is, and this is like fine art portrait.

Sorry, 7,000 plus. Now, these vary, of course, based on location. So these are averages based across the United States. So if you are in another country, of course, there's purchase price parity type ideas we need to take into account. But if you're in another country and in a luxurious area, if you live in like London, right, then it's gonna be on the high side. If you live in a smaller city, it's gonna be probably towards the mid to a little bit of the lower side. And that goes for wherever you are in the States or abroad. But this is a.

good amount of money, I would venture to say that this is far more than most of us are kind of making on our portrait experiences going into the industry, right? So we can see there's a lot of potential there. The point is to say as long as you have a good experience, people will change their own idea of what they should be spending for something that they actually appreciate, for something that they value. So that's the bottom line. We're all willing to spend money on experiences we value.

How is it that you can build an experience that somebody appreciates and that somebody values? Well, we'd start with like why they aren't seeing value. These are things that we're actively addressing already. Poor website design and online experience, bad quality of imagery and portfolio, slower unresponsive communication, negative sales experience, our brand lacks connection, we haven't built our personality, we haven't humanized the brand, all of those things. We're working through each one of these, but first what I want you to do is, number one.

I always mention this, we're working through this entire program in a step-by-step way. So at any point in time, on a weekly basis, you're working on one thing. So don't get overwhelmed with everything that we have to do. Let's focus on one thing. We're gonna solve this all over time. For right now, what I'd love for you to do is actually list and describe the areas that you want to deliver in your experience, where you want to adjust the experience. Or if you've already done a good job with those, just list them out as like things that you've already accomplished, right? So we're gonna start by just kind of creating a list and then we can.

hackle this list over time. So one last thing, the experience like all of these things is something that you're gonna improve over time, okay? So the perfect plan for building the perfect client experience running out the gate, like if you are, it really doesn't matter if you're building the business from the ground up or if you've already been running this business for a while, trying to sit here and create the perfect experience just to run out of the gate with is virtually impossible. You're gonna build the perfect experience by actually making small changes, small.

tweaks one at a time, getting feedback, seeing what the clients think, making refinements and doing that. So it's an improvement over implementation process, not a perfect the plan and then go with it process. Let's start this. Step number one with the experience planner. So we have a new guide here. To get your mind moving, what I want to ask is basically what are some ways that you want to level up your experience.

What I've done here is I've given you some ideas. So building a website with clear messaging that resonates, we need to recognize that experience starts from the moment that someone lands on our website, on our social media, all the way through to the actual delivery of the service. Experience is throughout all this process, okay? So what I would like to do is I'd like to divide what we're doing here into three different categories. Remember we said we're gonna compete on the ideas of being better, on the ideas of being easier, or on the ideas of being.

faster. Those are the ways we're going to compete, right? So under the first category, I want you to think about what are ways that you can level up your experience in it, or in short, what are ways you can make it better? These are ideas of that personalizing your homepage with an experience video, right? Using the wave in your sales process, value selling this hugely levels up your experience, building packages around your client's values. A lot of these components are things that are just naturally built into what we're doing in this entire program. And then a lot.

of them that we're going to bring up are basically like optional things like they're things like like of course I want you to have an experience video on your landing page but if we're just starting out we don't need to start with this we can build this on later right so depending on where you're at in your business we're going to be looking at different components to improve basically but what I've given you in steps 1 through 16 is like these are in my opinion the everybody must do type things to have a good grounded luxury experience just right off the bat

at, okay, and then you can look to improve it in different areas. Creating an onboarding and welcome guide, right? That'd be beautiful. Uh, authentically personalizing your brand experience. That's one thing that we're building in as well. Delivering an elevated shoot experience. Like what can we do for the shoot itself? All of these are components of better. And guess what? We're going to use our brand strategist. This is one of those areas where you really need to use the brand strategist or a continued conversation. So like if you had all of this in a new conversation, great. Um, I didn't design you standalone.

because we kind of need the AI to understand where we're at. So use your branding strategies, okay? So let's go back to this for a second. Let's go back to chat GPT and drop this in. So now we're gonna drop that in and it's gonna give me ideas focused on better. 10 ways you can elevate North Nest client experience from first click to final imagery, and there we go. Personalized welcome video, emotion-driven inquiry form prompts, beautiful story-driven welcome guide, audio or video notes. You can say, give me 10 more.

or whatever you want to do, but it gives you a ton of different ideas. Now, these are ideas. What I don't want you to do is just to start implementing for the sake of implementing. What I want you to do is think of what you want to deliver in the process, bring your personality, your vision into this. And more and more, I believe this, as we move into this kind of like AI world, right? All the information, all of the ideas of what to do, they're gonna be easily and readily available for everybody. What I believe business.

is going to become is that it's going to become a human experience like we're going to want connection with people because that is a core human need and beyond that the business itself our function becomes really a role of curation we are the curators of what the experience is of how to develop a good service because all the ideas are out there and they're easy to pick and pull and to implement relatively what is important is that we choose the right ones what is important is that we curate

the process, curate the actual experience to the people that we're serving. That's what's going to be more and more valuable as we go forward. But this is pretty cool, right? So it gives you all these ideas, a post-delivery reflection letter. I never thought about that. But if I were running an Elogan brand, how cool would that be? That would be so fitting for an Elogan brand. All right. So now we go to ideas. And what I want you to do is go to your brand and strategy workbook. And what I've given you is a new section of my experience planner, okay? And what I've done is kind of listed out the area of business. So if you click here, it'll say this is my website.

this is my sales process, this is my onboarding, my shoot process, my delivery process. So I kind of listed out the primary areas. If you ever wanted to add to this list, if you wanted to add a category, you just click the edit button and you can add another item right here if you'd like, okay, or delete or change. You can customize this however you see fit. But then just add a description of what that is. And what we have here is basically a list of things that I can improve to improve my experience over time. Again, this isn't a place to be overwhelmed. We're not gonna try to do all.