Now, we go on to humanizing your brand. So it's basically telling your story, and I kind of have it as like telling your brand story because we're building a, especially those of us that are building like a personal brand, your brand and you kind of get mixed together, right? But we're building a brand. We need to humanize that brand, whether it's a fictitious brand or whether it's named after yourself. Now, one of the things that you'll notice that I've kind of been doing over this program thus far is in V2, I was like, I wanna, and I keep mentioning these things.

in between and so I'm not redundant. I should just mention it in the videos. But one of the things that I really wanna do is take a lot of the heavy lifting from you as we move through the program. So the ideation and those types of things. What I've had to do to be able to do this is have you develop your own custom GPTs, your own projects kind of early on. So that's why in step two, I had you set up that project. We're gonna keep using it. So I really would encourage you if you haven't done that yet to go back and do that, to set up the project because as we move forward, I wanna.

keep giving you tools that basically allow you to do the light lifting. You have all the ideation, everything, we're gonna let AI do all the ideation, we're gonna have it help us out, and all we're really gonna be doing as we keep moving forward is curating ideas that fit with us. So to really take advantage of all this, please go back and complete that if you haven't already. But let's go ahead and continue with this idea of humanizing your brand. So as a personal brand, I would say that you're honestly the most powerful differentiator. You have a unique story, okay? And.

Building your story, building your values into your brand is one of the easiest ways to differentiate it and it's also one of the most powerful ways of differentiating from other people. The other thing is too, if you have a fictitious brand, meaning like your name is not your name, right? With a fictitious brand, we have to still look to humanize the brand as much as possible. Otherwise, we create something that is very much disconnected from the emotional mindset of our clients. So we have to humanize regardless of which of these routes that we go. The question.

is that I always get is like, well, where do we use this stuff? Like, where do we, like, okay, this is my story. This is about me. And, and what do I do? And what I like to say is I want your design elements to incorporate areas of your personality. I want the excerpts on your landing page to have little things about you. I want your about me or about us to, to include that as well. You can also build these areas, build these things into like your newsletter, your content, all of that. But I want it to be woven in, in a way that feels natural.

That looks natural and I'll show you kind of what I mean But some good examples of this in the program that we can now call out to for example So these are our past alumni Jesse and Dallin They have this cute little section like so if you click about me You get to go into their website and see like meet our family and I've linked up everybody so you can kind of like check Them out and see what they're doing. This is just a little excerpt, but it says meet our family They have these cute little pictures that pop up and then it talks about their Disney fanatics their jazz supporters All even though I love the jazz too, but they let's just be honest they

They just don't get it done. They've never gotten it done. But that's okay, we still love them. Aske, current alumni, he's done this great job of refining his entire about page. But look at this line right here, from army medic to photography. Doesn't that like immediately get you wanting to learn more about who this person is, right? These are specifically about us pages, right? Another current alumni, Viviana Cardenas. Okay, so Viviana here, so she goes into kind of like, well.

You spent years building your business, perhaps leading teams. She has this cute little picture of her behind the scene, and then she talks about kind of what she does in her brand and who she is, right? Moment Tom. So Tom, another current alumni, gives fun facts about me. I love starting with these fun facts because they're light, they're easy, but what we're really trying to do is weave. So rather than blast somebody over the top of the head of like who you are, like we don't want that. We don't want them to land on your website. They see like you're a photographer and what you do, and then all of a sudden it's about me, and it's like three pages of like, here's.

is why I'm awesome. That's not what we're trying to do here. What we're trying to do is weave these elements naturally into our brand. An example of this, like if you love Disney that much, like the Magic Kingdom, or let's say that you guys had Disney Passes, you know, the Magic Key Passes for Disney, this is a big part of your family, and you have a family business. Maybe you use something like a Magic Key, not one that's copyrighted by Disney, you will get in trouble for this, but maybe the element that divides sections of your website is a magical little key, right? It's.

little things like this that make the brand look and feel personal. It's little elements, and I guess the word I'm looking for is ornaments, ornaments that we might introduce. It's spaces where we might say something, content we might give a bit of our story. We weave it in naturally over time throughout each of these places, okay? So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna give you a place to start this, and I'm gonna say there's a lot of right ways to do this. So just think of the kind of brand humanizer guide as a place.

place to start in this process. Where I would start with this is I would write a personal clarified message. So your brand has its own clarified message. I would start with step number one is kind of writing a personal one, something that you might include like at the top of an about us or an about me page, right? So examples of that, we're a husband and wife wedding photographers, parents of two beautiful children in love with life's perfectly imperfect moments. Branding photographer, this could be like if you're single, right? Branding photographer, coffee shop.

Top dweller, former corporate escapee who believes your story matters more than your follower count. That's like if you have a fictitious business name, whatever. Headshot photographer, closet comedian, I make awkward people look confident and confident people look human, dad jokes included, right? This is just a short snippet of you, who you are, what makes you unique. It can be, you know, I like one element of photography in there, but I don't like it to be about photography, right? I like it to be about the person. So give me a personalized.

Now, I'm not going to give you a prompt for this one because it's really easy, right? What I would have you do is, is I would just go to my brand strategist at this point and I would say, um, here's my personal clarified message. Can you help me refine it? Okay. And then I would literally just paste it in. So I might say something like, I believe in experiences over, what is the word? Um, Okay. So, Okay. Okay. Okay.

over purchases, that's not the right word, but. Okay, I'm just gonna make things up for an Elopement Brand. All right, it can be really anything you want. But now it's gonna just say, okay, based on what I know about you is I believe life is meant to experience, not purchased.

that the most perfect moments rarely feel perfect while they're happening. And that more than anything, we're here to feel love, share laughter, and live fully in the between. I fucking wish this wasn't as good as it is, okay? Like I wish that it took more than what it takes these days to get this up, but it's absolutely wild. So just give it an idea of where you're trying to go and your brand strategist knows enough about you at this point that it's gonna give you a good refined message. So this is what I would do is look to refine through that. Next, we're gonna go to step two. So this is the.

about me and potentially my family if you have a family or it can just be about me. But if you have a family, include them. Like include parts of the story. You don't have to like name your children. You don't have to like get really private and personal with things. But the more we can learn about you, in my opinion, the better and the more differentiated we become. So we don't need to go into crazy depth. You don't need to talk about your divorce. You don't need to like go wild here. But here's a couple of different examples. So for one person that's single, another that's a couple, I kind of wrote some of these out. Most days start with coffee and a playlist, usually a mix of old soul, folk, whatever I'm currently.

overplaying. I live for early morning light so this is this is just a nice little description with each of these by the way you're going to go back to your brand and strategy workbook and you're dropping them in under humanizing my brand so my personal clarified message this is a little snippet about me and what we're looking for in here are elements right like if you love coffee in a playlist if this is two pieces about you then why not have the ornament like an ornament for example divides this section of a website okay so let me go to creative market let me just find a preview page right

An ornament is something that might go between to kind of like divide sections and of course this has no ornaments. So maybe we can try and find, let's see, website ornament section divide. Let's see if there's any example. Okay, so these are ornaments that might divide a section of a website. Why not, instead of like some foofy line that means nothing, why not just have a little coffee mug? Like on the blog, it just has a coffee mug between sections.

Like it's a little tiny logo that divides things. Why not have like, if you love listening to old records, you have like a little record player between them. All of these are little elements that personalize the brand. So what we're looking inside of this is just certain words, certain elements here that we can not only build visually into the brand, but also build into the ideas that we share through the brand as well. Okay, so I'm not gonna read through each one of these examples, but again, if you have a question of any of them, just grab it.

drop it into your, your strategist and say, Hey, this is my kind of about me message in a paragraph. Can you help me refine this based on what you know about me? That's it. Okay. Then we're going to go to step three. This is your passion, your interest, and your hobbies. I don't care what you call them. These elements again are wonderful little pieces of seasoning that you can pepper out throughout the experience. And what I love also about these is honestly like when it comes to, so let's pull up one of these examples. Let's go and grab.

Let's say for example, Askey, okay? Let's pull his up for a second and let's go to the about. One of my favorite things about interests and hobbies is generally the way that like an about me works or really when we're trying to introduce someone to our brand is we start with the light stuff, like kind of like an overview and like interests and then we start getting a little bit deeper and deeper into things. So interests and hobbies, they work perfectly as light fodder, right?

I usually like to have something that captures them up top and kind of gets them to read. And then we start with light ideas. I've lived in six different countries. Fantastic. A few of my favorite things. These are my interests and my hobbies, right? These are nice light things as we get deeper and deeper. We don't talk about the meaning of what I do or the depth of my experience. We don't talk about those things until we start scrolling to the end. We want those things to come like towards the end of this, not be at the top. Kind of for the same reason that like, if you go on a date, right?

We think of like onion layers like let's get to know each other slowly I'm not gonna go on to a date and trauma dump and be like, you know I just went through a 14-year marriage and divorce I just feel like you should know that up front like that's the best way to just send somebody packing right out the gate and and That doesn't just apply to dating it applies like like in in business You're essentially courting and kind of dating these clients right figuring out if this is a good fit So as we present ourselves we want to do it in the same way where we're not just diving into the core

or of like who we are and our trauma, but rather we're starting light. So what I love about passions and interests and hobbies is not only can these be easily woven into graphical elements and all that, but it's also really easy light fodder to start the conversation as we go. So we tend to wanna see these towards the top of like a page or towards the top of an experience, okay? Then we go into the deep stuff. This is the depth, my personal values or why statement. So this is the why or the reason for why you do what you do. And this is the next step.

It's where I want you to get honest get personal at least at least in the process of writing this Okay, you don't have to like you don't have to share all of it But at least in the process of writing this I want you to get deep and be personal and honest with yourself Then later on we can choose how much of it we'd like to show But a lot of your why is gonna be hidden in these layers of personal experiences and oftentimes even inside of trauma Okay, I want you to unpack that so you have this deeper understanding of yourself Why you're doing what you're doing

and why this brand is authentic to you. And then we can choose like how much we're gonna show essentially when we get to the website. Again, if you have this deep long guide that you've written up after this point, right? You've written it and you've pasted it into, like you've dropped it right into here and you're like, Jesus, that thing is like a giant trauma dump. And you can go right back to your brand strategies and say, look, I'm going to paste in the entire value set and reason for why I do what I do.

I'd like you to help me refine this so it doesn't feel like I am trauma dumping on potential clients. Why don't you go ahead, I'm just gonna have a guess, why I do what I do. Given it, this is the funny.

thing is you've given it so much at this point that if you actually asked it, no, you tell me who I likely am. You've given it so much information here that if you've been honest and genuine about kind of like your values, your why, your brand, all these things, then most likely it's actually gonna give you something that's pretty spot on. You're someone that's lived life through unpredictability, maybe even loss or disruption that reshaped what you value. You're like, oh, Jesus, this is exactly.

why I chose elopement photography. You've likely experienced these moments that didn't go as planned, but in the middle of them, something real happened. You had a love connection stillness. Anyway, it's kind of funny how good it can be in terms of telling you who you might be. But I don't want you to allow it to tell you that. I want you to create your own story, and then if you need refinement on that, drop it in. So at any point in time, if you need help, you can always throw what you have into the brand strategist or an ongoing train conversation and ask something like, from what you understand about me and my brand, can you help me rewrite this?

section you're working on and put this into my voice, then you place it below. Again, make it yours, then complete that humanizing section of your workbook. So humanizing my brand. If you have any questions at all, go ahead and drop them into the mentorship group. And let me just double check. We do have one question. So James Nix, while we were live filming, James asked, you keep saying put things in your own words, but how do you do that when the GPT is putting out so good and already so tailored what you're trying to say? So yes, even like the GPT puts out very.

fine words. And here's the thing, if you've been talking to the GPT in your own voice, like if you've been basically kind of training it from the ground up of like, this is who I am, right, then you should be noticing that you should be noticing that it's doing a better and better job of actually giving you responses that fit your voicing, because that's part of what you were training it to do. So that being said, I still like to make little tweaks here and there, I don't like to ever pull something directly. But I find that I'm making less and less tweaks, right.

I look back at it and I'm picking and pulling certain areas. I'm making adjustments to a couple words here and there. I might be spacing it out a little bit differently. I just make little adjustments as I go. But that's a great question, James. And when we've trained it that well, then we're gonna get really good results. I still like to modify just enough where another AI is not gonna, I don't want the copy itself to be detectable as AI. So I'm making changes to a few words here and there just so that I have my spin in it.

If it's giving you stuff that is far from the way that you would write, then that means that probably the input that we're giving it along the training is not that great, and that means that you're gonna have a lot more modification to do, okay? So that's it, but yeah, you should be seeing that result because we're actually training it. Cool, done with this lesson.