All right, what I'm hoping at this point is that you have a lot of concrete ideas now on specifically how you can level up your experience. I expect you to be coming back to this, okay? I also expect this, if you have gone through version one of this or if you've just already done the program, I don't know, maybe you just kind of completed some of the business tab at this point, what I would say is after completing this module, it's very likely that you've gained a lot of additional clarity and you might want to go and just update some

things you might want to update kind of like your your brand identity from where you had it before you might want to create add more pieces to your experience and you might also want to do this over time so i'm placing the link here again i think you guys have all the link but i'm putting in your workbook just for convenience it's right there the link never changes by the way and so you can grab any of those new tabs and paste it over and and make updates so i would encourage you to do that and i would encourage you to revisit it as well okay the other thing is since we have kind of done a lot

our work on our brand strategist, why not update that from step two and kind of level it up again. So let's do a little AI prompt trainer part three. So I'm giving you another prompt right here, which is I've shared a lot more information with you since we first created the original brand strategist. Okay. So you're going to copy this and let's go right back to the GPT. Okay. And what I'm going to do is just, you can put it at the end of this conversation. We're still in this project, right? Or I can bring it right back to this spot and I can just copy.

copy it in right there. And it'll just say, I've shared a lot more information since you first created. So what it's gonna do is request a new set of instructions, all right? So here's your fully updated brand strategy instructions. It's gonna include role and purpose. Now it's gonna build in more of like your personality, your value sets, all of that. Update, clarified message, vision statements. So dream clients, there we go. We have everything, okay? And then what we're gonna do is when this is done, we'll actually just copy this strategic domain and support brand as your identity.

Perfect, okay. And what I notice is, let's make sure that it includes working frameworks, okay. If it, there we go, brand voice snapshot, good. Sample brand copy, good, good, good, good. Okay, if you felt like it was missing like elements of your personality, I think it already captured all this and it did a really great job. So you can always ask it to give you more stuff but what we're gonna do is basically grab this, okay. And we're just gonna.

copy this entire thing, all right we're gonna go back to the project or if you're using like a custom GPT you'd go back to the custom GPT we're gonna go to the instructions and copy paste okay and there's our new version of that we save it out and we have that so the more that it understands about you personally now at this point the more understands about where you want to go with your brand and the more you've had a conversation with it and said like these are the experiences that I want to offer these are the things that I want to do I've used as you've customized

that and kind of tailored that through this conversation, the better this set of instructions is gonna be. And the more useful the tool becomes to you and your business over time. All right, that is, I believe it for me. So let's see, once you've updated the instructions, you're good to go. So just go ahead and pause, make sure that that's updated with all the new stuff. I hope you're gaining comfort more and more in kind of like leveraging AI as this powerful, basically partner in your business. And if you have any questions, pop them.

into our mentorship group. So with that, this section, this module is done. And so what I would love for you to do is to start thinking about each of these things as we move forward. And we're gonna go ahead and build the pricing and experience guides as we go into the next module. And then as we go into step five, module five, that's where we're gonna start implementing throughout the entire website. Again, remember, this is a process of refinement. This is a process of implementing and going back and making tweaks. But I'm hoping at this point, you're starting to get a really good idea of where you're going.

in this brand and this business. We're done here.