I work at this venue, had a thought for you. Hey, a quick collaborative idea for you. And then you're gonna put in some information, watch the video, include a screenshot of the video. Now, why the screenshot is important is because they actually see the screenshot with the video link, right? When they see the screenshot, they see your face in a small little circle and they see their website. And that's when they know that.

Hey, you're actually making something custom for them. This isn't just a generic email. Now I'll tell you this. So why do I prefer this method of cold outreach and relationship building, because I can do this. I can reach out with value with somebody quickly and I can actually speak to them.

In a way that adds value to their lives in a way that they're likely going to view and I'll tell you this for me personally, right? I Ignore if if I get solicitors that call me I ignore them Okay, I don't as soon as I pick up the phone. I know they're gonna sell something I hang up, right? If somebody just shows up to my place of business That's kind of

of rude, like I don't want solicitors, they're going to interrupt me, they want to tell me what they want on my time, and it's not a good time for me, I don't like it. You showing up to a business, you don't know if it's going to be a good time for them. Even if you're bringing by a treat, maybe they're in meetings, maybe they have a rushed day, maybe something's going on in their lives that's not a good time.

On top of that, even if a place like a potential partner, right, even if they're 10 minutes away, 15 minutes away, you having to get dressed, get ready, drive over to them, come back, that's a minimum of an hour commitment. Let's just be real. Even if they're close to you, it's a minimum of an hour commitment. I can send these out.

On repeat, every 20, 30 minutes to a new person without leaving my desk. It is personalized, it adds value. Within a week, I can send out 50 plus looms. If you're wanting to know how do we quickly generate revenue in new spaces, it's this. I reach out to people with ideas, with value.

Bring them onto a call, usually for like a free consult, and then I say, hey, if you'd like to continue with business coaching or consulting or social media marketing or whatever it is that I'm selling, then I say, this is the cost of that. I've already delivered value to them, I've already given them great ideas, I've also established myself as someone that wants to help, and they watch the videos.

They watch, they read the email and they look at them. The click-through rate on these is fantastic because again, they see an image that is personalized. They see a website with your photo and their website right there, and they're like, man, this is actually for me. So where I ignore a phone call, where I don't,

I get annoyed when someone shows up at my door. When I receive looms via email, and I get a lot of these soliciting emails, I watch almost every single one of them because sometimes they have really good ideas in them, and I end up hiring the person, and it's custom catered to me. I can also do it. I can watch the video on my own time. Again, trick to this, keep it short.

Keep it short. Keep it sweet. Keep it directed at how you're going to help them be solution-oriented and don't sleep on this. I'm not saying that you have to do this, but I'm saying that if you want to create relationships, if I were starting my business from scratch, it would be SEO, it'd be social media, and it would be this, cold collaborative outreach.

This is the, the, if I were to only pick three, this is very likely going to be my number three, maybe number four behind like, you know, really well done styled or collaborative shoots. I love those too, because you can get so much organic reach from them and so much social media content. But this is high up on my list of just.

Easy and effective. We should call this another low-hanging fruit another LHF. Okay Awesome. Don't sleep on this concept. If you have any questions, just jump into the group and holler. All right, that's it