it's just an idea. I want to give you all ideas and you can take these and run with them however you like. Please don't use the exact words. Please make it yours. These are just examples and we're going to go through each one of these, okay? But what I'd love for you to do is kind of identify maybe who would be some good collaborative people that I could

could potentially work with. And I believe we did that back in, I think it was under step one, or maybe step two. We were talking about some of the potential vendors that you could potentially work with. Okay, maybe it was under environment. Oh, that's probably where it was, let's see.

Yeah, positive collaborative venues. So it was in step one. Okay, I'm not crazy. I'm not a crazy person. So back in step one, we had some ideas here. If you haven't figured that out yet, this is where I'd like you to pause and maybe put some ideas down for who might be good collaborative partners in your space. If you're not ready for this yet, that's okay too. But you don't need to send anything.

out yet. What I'd like you to do is complete this module before you send stuff out and then come back to the guide to kind of reference it. Okay, let's go ahead and jump now to the next lesson. Let's dive into a low-hanging fruit and the post-collaborative checklist, meaning I'm going to give you kind of like an obvious, you know, this is a

a great opportunity for a collaborative effort. And I also wanna give you the checklist for what to do after any type of collaborative shoot, okay? Or at least what I would recommend doing. So the low-hanging fruit here, again, strategies that are easy to implement, they have significant impact on your business and your revenue. The low-hanging fruit in this place is basically.

organic collaborations, meaning these are natural on-the-job moments where more than one person is involved toward this common goal of creating these images. Now you might think that, obviously this happens in the wedding space just constantly, right? A bride and a groom, they hire you and you come and you work, you're naturally going to be working with other vendors. Now what's funny...

about this is is how often like do we work with an efficient a florist a planner we don't even learn their freaking names let alone tag them in the images the reels and the things that we create i i don't want to ask you to raise your hand to this but i will say this i am

I'm guilty myself. There are so many times that I've gone on the shoots and I haven't even learned the people's names. I don't use this as an opportunity and that's exactly what it is. It's a natural, organic, collaborative opportunity where all you have to do is get their social media information, get their emails, say hello, build a little relationship with them, say, hey, after this I'm gonna send you.

the images so you can use these and immediately you're gonna get work from the job that you're already doing right so these organic collaborations that are just happening as your like natural job we often overlook them and so that's the low-hanging fruit that I want to point out and you might be thinking well like pie that's easy to identify in the wedding

space but you know I'm a pet photographer. Yeah but it happens in your space too right. As a pet photographer you know maybe you are a pet photographer who uses costumes like to create like fine art stuff. Who makes the costumes right? Maybe you're a pet photographer and you love a particular groomer and you recommend them. Okay like if there's

Plenty of these natural collaborations that can happen in your space, regardless of what space you're in. If you're doing newborns, what are they getting the babies dressed in? Reach out to these people that are creating the clothing. Reach out to the people that are, might be doing the hair, the makeup. All of these are natural, organic opportunities for collaborations that we wanna take advantage of.

of okay. It is so easy and this blows my mind why photographers don't do this like literally all the time but it blows my mind how easy it is to credit and support everybody involved in creating your imagery and yet how many photographers don't do this. It's such an issue that when

and I'm shooting with other people, I constantly hear about it from other vendors. Pi, we love working with you because you're the only one that provides images. Pi, oh my gosh, the fact that your team, like anytime I need images, I call your team and they provide it. Like, and I go, do other people not do this? And I ask this question over and over.

and over and every single one of them like no or like they want me to pay for the images how insane is it let me let me just present to you an idea because maybe in your head you're thinking like well well pi i took the images for this they're my images um i deserve to be paid for those images right number one the client hopefully already paid you

Number two, if you're working in these collaborative environments, these people contributed to the quality of your photograph, meaning your photograph wouldn't be what it is if it wasn't for the work that they did, right? In any of these instances, how are we going to charge those people? We're going to freely use their work to promote ourselves and yet we're going to

to charge them if they would like to use photos of their own work? Like this needs to be, in my opinion, okay, and this is a strong opinion, but in my opinion, this needs to be a collaborative effort. If they are putting work into helping you create a better product, then they should get the right to use the images as well for.

themselves, period. This is a crazy one where I'm like, if you can simply accept this idea, like if you're like Pi, I get it, this already makes sense to me, you don't need to be the dead horse on this one, I got it. What I'm telling you right now is this is a way to stand out from 80% of other photographers already, because they're not dead.

doing it. Okay. Now, if the worry of this, but they're going to steal my work, I have so many thoughts on this. I'm only going to share a few of them. First, the idea of it being your work, we've already talked about that. They've contributed to it too, right? So they're, it's not just your work, it's other people's work and it's a team effort. Next, steal what?

Most of us aren't even creating images that are of the caliber that would be stolen for anything on top of that We now have AI that can generate any sort of commercial image commercial need that they want So who's gonna come and steal your photograph? Plus if someone does use one of your images without giving proper credit who gives a shit if it's Microsoft Yeah, throw a lawsuit at them

Okay, that does happen from time to time a photographer gets lucky a big company uses their their work, and they get sued for it but by and large Nobody gives a shit about these photographs that we're taking like like other than the people taking them other than us Other than the people in the photographs that's meaningful for them what we do is meaningful on that basis

But outside of it, we worry about this so much and we hamstring our ability to create these relationships and we hamstring our ability to market ourselves because we're so worried about this idea of them stealing our work. If they apply filters to it, who cares? If it bugs you that much, you can say, hey, don't worry about it. You know, you don't need to tag me on every post.

Like, I've actually said that once to somebody where, like, they just kept modifying everything so it looked atrocious. Then they'd tag me on every post. I was like, hey, you know what, these, like, I totally, you can modify them however you like. This doesn't quite fit my brand, though, so feel free to just post these. You don't have to tag me. Don't create issues where there are none. And don't lose out on this opportunity.

because of this stubborn notion of like, you know, I'm gonna lose out on something. The only thing you're losing out on is more business. Okay. The exception to this is I've heard of some venues, this is particularly an issue in the wedding space, I've heard of some venues now requiring photographers to sign away rights before the shoot even happens. Like,

they actually will send a contract and we haven't had this happen to us yet. But if they send you a contract that's like, we need you to sign away rights to these images so that we can use them for whatever, you give them like the finger and just like, I mean, don't give them the finger. Just don't respond to that, okay? Don't respond to that. Let the.

Clients know and say that you don't sign away images, rights to anybody, these are the client's images, these are your images, and don't buy into that kind of garbage. That's stupid bullying tactics that they're doing to try to do that kind of stuff. Don't play into that, okay? So that's my exception here. If it's a large hotel, large venue, large corporation.

don't sign away rights. Again, we allow anybody to use our images with credit. And we say this specifically in the email. You know, here's how to credit us. We allow anybody to use the images with credit. If they say, well, we can't tag you, we can't do this, we can't, we wanna use this for print, then they pay for it, okay?

If it's a small, by the way, if it's a small business and they don't tag, we don't go after them. We just let it be. It's all good. Okay, so after every collaborative shoot, I've given you a little checklist. These are the things that I naturally do after each collab. So, yeah, this means a test shoot collaborative.

This means a style shoot collaboration. This means a speculative shoot collaboration. Anytime you're working with other vendors, that's what I'm dubbing a collaboration, right? Write a blog entry, give them credit at the bottom with a link to their website at the bottom. Collaborate on social medias on Instagram, post if they have direct involvement.