What we got from that, we already went over that example. This is another example of like the style shoot, which we ran as basically like a giveaway, okay? There's different formats for these. We'll chat about those. And again, we reviewed like the benefits of this. Anytime we have multiple collaborators, we get the benefits of that additional reach. So what I've done is made you a little style shoot planner. It's pretty simple.

Well, you're gonna choose your concept. So select a concept that's gonna engage your target audience by making sure, one, it fits your photographic niche, it's something your ideal clients wanna show, it's something that you'd be proud to show, it belongs in your portfolio, and it won't break the bank, okay? We don't wanna choose things that you gotta invest a thousand bucks into. Like, no, that's not necessary. I mean, if you want to, like.

if you have the money for it, by all means, but we don't need to spend a lot of money to make these shoots effective, okay? Especially when we have the right partners and everybody's kind of like, instead of renting space at a studio, reach out to, you know, you could reach out to the studio in advance and you could say, maybe you find it on Peerspace, you say, hey, I want to do.

do this type of a shoot, and if you'll allow me to use your space, I'll give you rights to use the images after the fact, right, so you can, I was noticing, like, on your peer space listing, you didn't have a ton of images that are in this genre, I'd love to get you images like that. Deal, like, let's do it. You can do the same thing with Airbnb people, you can do the same thing with venues, you can do the same thing with,

and with everybody, right? So we don't need to spend a ton of money. We need to create relationships around this. Again, if you need ideas, this is where your brand strategist is gonna be your best friend. This is why we've spent so much time developing that skill, okay? So you can literally go to the brand strategist and you can say, hey.

okay so now based on my what do you know about my business give me ideas for amazing collaborative styled shoots that I can bring some of these partners into okay if you're ever short

on ideas ideate here you know there's there's plenty of different spaces uh there's there's plenty of different ideas you can kind of come up with and then spin them to make them yours right a morning in mont i should have picked a location where their words were things i could pronounce but you know i instead i went with french a picnic by the cn

and sane. A rooftop Paris, okay. The artist studio, all right, I love all of it. I love all of it, it's perfect, it's beautiful. Okay. Great. Step two. Then we identify the right partners, okay. So collaborative networking only works when we select the right partners. So this is the same checklist from the previous.

via sheet that you're gonna go through, right? Make sure we have the right partners, the right people, models who look like potential clients, all of that. Step three, when you're ready to reach out, I've given you some, a template, just an idea of how to do this. So this is connection and collaboration, right? Collaborative shoots. Hey, I'm working on putting together a style shoot.

If this sounds interesting, I'd love to collaborate, have your team, here's what I'm going for. I want to create a set of images that will, and then you speak to their audience. My concept is, describe. For my part, I'll be providing this. I'd love to have you on board. I think it'd be beneficial for you. Write in the benefits that you're gonna provide to them so you give them the full solution in this process, okay? You can always have Chachabit.

review the email, you can always have Chattopadhyay write the email to start with and then put in your own words, that works too. My goal throughout this entire program, if you all haven't noticed by now, I think it's probably been ingrained, is that I want to teach you to fish. In every instance, I want to teach you to fish. I don't want to just hand you the fish.

Okay, because I want you to be able to rely on yourself, to be able to find the answers whenever you need to. Although, I'm also teaching you to kind of rely on like AI, so it's not fully relying on yourself, but let's be honest where it's better than going and having to ask friends and stuff. Okay. During the shoot, this is your check-in.

Meaning I want you to walk away from the shoot having created at least 10 plus portfolio images notice that I'm not putting a hundred there Because so often we go on to these shoots and we are like, oh my god I got to get 200 images out of this. No, I Want you to slow down. I want you to create 10 great portfolio images

That's already a high number if you think about it, like 10 portfolio-worthy images. That's what I want. 25 images, that would be good enough to go on to social media. But I need you to slow down to raise the level of work that you're creating. Like be intentional with each shot that you're taking. And if you ever wanna practice this in your.

free time, you can do this very simply. You can do it in a number of ways. Some people would say, like, go grab a film camera. I think that's a little bit, like, not so practical. But if you like film, by all means. But my favorite way of doing this is going out and either limiting yourself by grabbing, like, go and find, like, a 32-megapixel.

or even like, you know, a 256 megabyte SD card, pop it in your digital camera and shoot full raw. You'll get 15 exposures out of it. So when you're going out for fun, for vacation, for whatever it is, I want you to practice that. And if you don't have a.

a memory card that small, then think of the number in your head. I'm only allowing myself 24 exposures. And when you get to 24, you gotta stop. You will become so deliberate about the shots that you take that every shot gets elevated because every shot now matters. So, I want you to.

that bring that philosophy into your shoots where you slow yourself down, but it's something that you need to practice kind of like on your own. Next, I need you to make sure every time you're out filming, if I haven't like beaten this dead horse, every time you're out filming, you're getting behind the scenes. Again, my preference is iPhone. I don't care what you use. All I care is that you are shooting behind the scenes. If you have questions.

on what to use, go back to step 10. We gave you a full set of rundowns on that. While you're shooting, post some behind the scenes to the stories. Like, stories is great for this, right? While you're out and about, even when you go like, hey, it's a work day at the coffee shop. Like, stories are there for you to kind of journal. This isn't something I want to live permanently.

my feed, but this is something that I'm doing right now. And to stay top of mind with people. To build connections. Oh, you go to that coffee shop too? How is it? Okay? Post the stories. There's no reason to not be. And while you're doing, you tag everybody involved in those stories, and you get instant, like, partnership kind of juice, okay? Let's call it partnership juice.

That sounds super disgusting, but we're still going to roll with that word and combination. In the process, I want you to make sure that you solidify your vendor and venue relationship. So anybody that's a partner with you, I don't want you to get so lost in the shoot that you're not building.

a meaningful relationship with them. I want you to use that time to get to know them. Do they have kids? What do they enjoy doing? What are their hobbies? Get to know them. Be a human being during these shoots. Don't just be a technical person that's like, okay, what's next with this? Okay, let me do this. Get out of your own head and focus on the relationship building. It's too good of an opportunity.

to not. Make sure that you've met your vendor and venue images need so anybody that's a collaborative partner you should know what they're looking for make sure that you've also created the images that they're gonna need for themselves right usually these overlap but sometimes they have specifics hey can you specifically get me a close-up shot of the bouquet oh yeah you know I already have that on my

my list but I'll make sure we get that. Or hey, while you're in this room, can you do just a shot of the room while it's empty? Just so I can show people what the room looks like. That's a common request that we get from venues. Hey, before you guys set up, do you mind just taking a shot here? Because I want to show what it looks like before and what it looks like after. Absolutely. Then, social media tags.

to credit everybody involved. So anything you publish, you're tagging, and of course, of course, of course, you've got your signed model release. I can't tell you how often we've forgotten this, and it's really annoying to have to try and track them down after the fact and get the sign. Just get your model release signed right there. Okay. Post shoot, we have the same post shoot collaborative.

checklist that we covered earlier, okay? Nothing crazy about this. Yes, it's the same little five-step process. All right, this is your style sheet planner. What I would say is like anytime you're planning a shoot, this is helpful to print off and just to make sure, or if you wanna just keep it, you know, side-by-side on your computer, that's fine. But work through this list to make sure.

make sure that we've planned something that is gonna be effective. And guess what? Planning out an effective styled shoot, when you do this, it takes a little bit of time, okay? It's gonna take you, I would say on average, to effectively plan a styled shoot, especially when there's partners, it's probably four to eight hours of planning.

okay expect that but the return for that four to eight hours of planning is absolutely insane because going into a style shoot without a plan number one you're going to shoot more images than you need and you're going to create more work for yourself in the editing and the post-production process number two you're probably not going to get everything that you actually want you're not