Let's dive into a low-hanging fruit and the post-collaborative checklist, meaning I'm gonna give you kind of like an obvious, you know, this is a great opportunity for a collaborative effort. And I also wanna give you the checklist for what to do after any type of collaborative shoot, okay, or at least what I would recommend doing. So the low-hanging fruit here, again, strategies that are easy to implement, they have significant impact on your business and your revenue. The low-hanging fruit in this place is basically organic collaboration.

meaning these are natural on-the-job moments where more than one person is involved toward this common goal of creating these images. Now you might think that obviously this happens in the wedding space just constantly right a bride and a groom they hire you and you come and you work you're naturally gonna be working with other vendors. Now what's funny about this is is how often like do we work with an officiant, a florist, a planner, we don't even learn their freaking names let alone tag them

in the images, the reels, and the things that we create. I don't want to ask you to raise your hand to this, but I will say this, I am guilty myself. There are so many times that I've gone on the shoots and I haven't even learned the people's names. I don't use this as an opportunity, and that's exactly what it is. It's a natural, organic, collaborative opportunity where all you have to do is get their social media information, get their emails, say hello, build a little relationship with them, say, hey, after this I'm gonna send you the images

use these, and immediately you're gonna get work from the job that you're already doing, right? So these organic collaborations that are just happening as your natural job, we often overlook them. And so that's the low-hanging fruit that I wanna point out, and you might be thinking, well, Pi, that's easy to identify in the wedding space, but I'm a pet photographer. Yeah, but it happens in your space too, right? As a pet photographer, maybe you are a pet photographer who uses costumes, like to create.

like fine art stuff, who makes the costumes, right? Maybe you're a pet photographer and you love a particular groomer and you recommend them. Okay, like if there's plenty of these natural collaborations that can happen in your space regardless of what space you're in. If you're doing newborns, what are they getting the babies dressed in? Reach out to these people that are creating the clothing. Reach out to the people that might be doing the hair, the makeup, all of these are natural organic opportunities for collaborations that we wanna take advantage of, okay?

Right, it is so easy and this blows my mind why photographers don't do this like literally all the time but it blows my mind how easy it is to credit and support everybody involved in creating your imagery and yet how many photographers don't do this. It's such an issue that when I'm shooting with other people I constantly hear about it from other vendors. Pi, we love working with you because you're the only one that provides images. Pi, oh my gosh, the fact that.

at your team, like anytime I need images, I call your team and they provide it. And I go, do other people not do this? And I ask this question over and over and over, and every single one of them are like, no, or like they want me to pay for the images. How insane is it? Let me just present to you an idea because maybe in your head you're thinking like, well, Pi, I took the images for this. They're my images. I deserve to be paid for those images, right? Number one, the client hopefully already paid you. Number two.

if you're working in these collaborative environments, these people contributed to the quality of your photograph, meaning your photograph wouldn't be what it is if it wasn't for the work that they did, right? In any of these instances, how are we gonna charge those people? We're gonna freely use their work to promote ourselves, and yet we're gonna charge them if they would like to use photos of their own work? Like this needs to be, in my opinion, okay, and this is a strong opinion, but in my opinion.

This needs to be a collaborative effort. If they are putting work into helping you create a better product, then they should get the right to use the images as well for themselves, period. This is a crazy one where I'm like, if you can simply accept this idea, like if you're like, Pi, I get it, this already makes sense to me, you don't need to be the dead horse on this one, I got it. What I'm telling you right now is this is a way to stand out from 80% of other photographers already, because they're not doing it.

Okay. Now, if the worry of this, but they're gonna steal my work, I have so many thoughts on this. I'm only gonna share a few of them. First, the idea of it being your work, we've already talked about that. They've contributed to it too, right? So it's not just your work, it's other people's work and it's a team effort. Next, steal what? Most of us aren't even creating images that are of the caliber that would be stolen for anything. On top of that, we now have AI that can generate any sort of commercial image, commercial need that they want. So who's gonna come?

and steal your photograph. Plus, if someone does use one of your images without giving proper credit, who gives a shit? If it's Microsoft, yeah, throw a lawsuit at them, okay? That does happen from time to time. A photographer gets lucky, a big company uses their work, and they get sued for it. But by and large, nobody gives a shit about these photographs that we're taking, like other than the people taking them, other than us, other than the people in the photographs. It's meaningful for them. What we do is meaningful on that basis. But.

But outside of it, we worry about this so much and we hamstring our ability to create these relationships and we hamstring our ability to market ourselves because we're so worried about this idea of them stealing our work. If they apply filters to it, who cares? If it bugs you that much, you can say, hey, don't worry about it. You don't need to tag me on every post. I've actually said that once to somebody where they just kept modifying everything so it looked atrocious. Then they'd tag me on every post. I was like, hey, you know what? You modify them.

however you like. This doesn't quite fit my brand though, so feel free to just post these, you don't have to tag me. Don't create issues where there are none, and don't lose out on this opportunity because of this stubborn notion of like, you know, I'm gonna lose out on something. The only thing you're losing out on is more business. Okay. The exception to this is I've heard of some venues, this is particularly an issue in the wedding space, I've heard of some venues now requiring photographers to sign away rights before the shoot even happens. Like, they actually will.

send a contract, and we haven't had this happen to us yet, but if they send you a contract that's like, we need you to sign away rights to these images so that we can use them for whatever, you give them like the finger and just like, I mean, don't give them the finger, just don't respond to that, okay? Don't respond to that, let the clients know and say that you don't sign away images, rights to anybody, these are the client's images, these are your images, and don't buy into that kind of garbage. That's stupid bullying.

dicks that they're doing to try to do that kind of stuff. Don't play into that, okay? So that's my exception here. If it's a large hotel, large venue, large corporation, don't sign away rights. Again, we allow anybody to use our images with credit. And we say this specifically in the email. You know, here's how to credit us. We allow anybody to use the images with credit. If they say, well, we can't tag you, we can't do this, we wanna use this for print, then they pay for it, okay?

If it's a small, by the way, if it's a small business and they don't tag, we don't go after them. We just let it be, it's all good. Okay, so after every collaborative shoot, I've given you a little checklist. These are the things that I naturally do after each collab. So yeah, this means a test shoot collaboration. This means a style shoot collaboration. This means a speculative shoot collaboration. Anytime you're working with other vendors, that's what I'm dubbing a collaboration, right? Write a blog entry.

them credit at the bottom with a link to their website at the bottom. Collaborate on social medias on Instagram posts. If they have direct involvement, I usually choose the collaborative option on Instagram. It'll allow them to actually publish the, the, the real or the post as well on their side. So that's great. Collaborate with people that have direct involvement. If they don't have direct involvement, but they, let's say that you used an outfit. No, I mean, even if you used an outfit, I would collaborate. Uh, but if they don't have direct involvement, like let's say that they're the DJ and this is just a photograph.

of the couple outside, right? I'd still tag them. Why not? Like give them credit for being the DJ and do that. I also email them after the fact to notify them, hey, we just did a blog entry for you. We just did this. We also included an SEO link for your website. You know, hopefully this brings some traffic to you. Let them know because a gift without being told a gift is not a gift. Nobody knows. They don't know how to be appreciative because we didn't tell them, right?

provide the imagery for them to use in that same email. So I've given you an example of what that email might look like in your email templates. So you reach out to them, you say, let's see here, oh, I think it's post shoot, so where's the post shoot? After the shoot, okay. So it says, wonderful being able to work with you. As a token of our appreciation, we'd like to share the images. We prepared a blog entry. At the bottom, we also find a link of credits where we mention you, link to every vendor. Please double check your info, make sure all the links are correct. Again, this is to get them to actually look at it so they're like, oh, that was really nice