Okay, so what is a test shoot? Well, a test shoot are basically low pressure shoots that are perfect when you need to develop a portfolio or a skillset around like a new area of your business. So let's say that you are not yet experienced in the wedding photography space, like you don't have a portfolio yet, then you do a test shoot. You look for couples who are engaged and you take them out and do engagement shoots. Or for example, that shoot that we did with the 12.

where we reached out, I'm new in the fitness space, and so that would be kind of like a test shoot, except it goes a little bit deeper, okay? Because that had expectations. So test shoots, low pressure shoots, right? Styled shoots, they're like test shoots with expectations. Then you have, we can kind of take this further, and you have spec shoots, okay? And we're gonna talk about all these concepts right here. So if we looked at that 12 shoot, it really wasn't a test.

shoot because there was a substantial amount of expectations, there was kind of like ongoing partnership, there was styling and everything that went into it, plus there was kind of a speculative nature of it. So it was kind of all these things combined. I would classify as more like a spec shoot slash partnership. But a test shoot is one that has no expectation. Now these are perfect for if we want to refine an existing skill, maybe develop new skills, if we need to show our work within our existing network so we need more images to kind of like showcase, or if we need to create.

imagery or or content for social media portfolio. All of these are great reasons to do a test shoot where basically there is no kind of expectation. Now the spec shoot is basically the test shoot with practical applications so like it's kind of you know there's not there's not someone paying for it but there is people that we can potentially reach out to afterwards and say would you by chance be interested in this. Now I'm not saying that you guys should do

speculative shoots. I think it depends on which genre that you're in, it depends on how much time you have, it depends on a lot of different factors. What I do want to do is give you one of the best case studies for speculative shoots that I've ever seen and it came from my friend Mike Kelly. So Mike Kelly around 10 years ago, a little bit more now, he did a test shoot to create this photograph okay and he created this image like he loves airplanes so Mike just loves airplanes. He's like I want to go and photograph all of

the airplanes that are taking off in a day. So he did that and he combined them into one image, he just composited them, like Photoshopped them all into one image, and then he posted it. The image went viral, and it led to a career in aviation photography, where now he's actually being brought out to airports, he's being hired by American, by Dubai, by all these different airlines to go out and create images for them. So it's led to this career where now he goes around, like he does architectural work, but half the time he's going around and actually photographs.

photographing airplanes at airports. This is a beautiful example of this, and it's generated a substantial amount of revenue for Mike. But this is a speculative shoot. It's essentially a test shoot that has some sort of practical application. And after you're done, you can reach out to LAX, you can reach out to each of these airports, and you can say, hey, I created this. And you're talking about big money. If these companies license images like these, we're talking about $5,000, $10,000 per image.

And depending on the usage case, he could be getting paid like annually with residuals, right? So this is a beautiful example of this. And we can look in our space and see like, is it appropriate for me? So look, what I would say is when it comes to collaborators, like should I invite collaborators into my projects, right? Because we're really, we're talking about the idea of test shoots. Remember, test shoots are low pressure. They're perfect when you need to develop a portfolio or a skillset.

We want low pressure, we want no expectations because if we don't know if we can deliver, we don't want, we're gonna ruin a relationship. If we go and bring people in to collaborate on a shoot and we're not good enough yet, you're literally gonna destroy any opportunity to work with those people again. So differentiate these. Test shoot is for when I do not want expectations, I need to play, I need to develop a skillset. We can still make a test shoot speculative.

in nature by having a practical application. If the images turn out great, awesome, I'm gonna reach out to people after the fact. If it doesn't turn out great, no harm, no foul. But if Mike had gone and actually marketed it to them and then failed to deliver, that would be kind of a nightmare. So the idea of, well, should I invite collaborators into my test shoot, it's very simple. If you're new to the space, do it after the fact. Make it a speculative shoot. That's my general recommendation, right? That's.

That's what makes a test shoot versus a speculative shoot. But in general, if you are confident, like if you are experienced in your skillset, remember when I did that shoot with the 12, I'd been teaching lighting and doing all this stuff for years. I focused primarily on weddings, but I knew, hey, put me in a fitness scenario, I'm gonna create really good images because I know, I understand the principles of this. I know how to go about this. If you're experienced in your skillset, if you're confident that you can deliver, if you're ready to market a network, you could skip this test shoot and go straight.

basically a styled or giveaway shoot which is what we're talking about where you bring vendors in you collaborate with the shoot in advance right if you're not this then i'd recommend sticking with the test shoot perhaps making it a speculative test shoot if it applies in your genre cool okay let's go on and we're going to talk about like this next idea of like a styled shoot collaborative shoot uh what that is and how to work it