Okay, so leveling up into styled shoots. Now we can call this whatever we want. Styled shoots, we can call it a collaborative shoot, we can call it any of those things. But this is the scenario where we have multiple vendors or multiple partners that are coming in to collaborate together in creating something that everybody can use, okay? So styled shoots are test shoots that come with expectations. But they also offer now this excuse to kind of connect. It's an excuse to reach out to somebody, right? Hey, I'm planning this styled shoot. I think you'd be a perfect fit. So it's an excuse to actually go in and create the relationship while adding value to them. It's also an opportunity to serve these other partners.

I should probably just put partners here since this applies to venues, vendors, partners, all of that. It also elevates the imagery. So if we bring on partners, venues, vendors, anybody that can collaborate, we generally are going to elevate the imagery so long as we bring in quality partners and not ones that lower the level of our work. And we get the opportunity to basically cross promote across social media as well as across emails. You get the opportunity to expand and strengthen your network. So that's what a styled shoot is. We can call them collaborative shoots, we can call them styled shoots, but this is what it is. So if you were to look at the 12, really this falls more into this bucket. It was a collaborative styled shoot that also we try to make speculative.

and kind of nature, right? Because obviously there were a lot of expectations here. But we're good, because like, let's just go and let's deliver on them. Let's create the images that they wanted to have, right? So this is what we got from that. We already went over that example. This is another example of like the style shoot, which we ran as basically like a giveaway, okay? There's different formats for these. We'll chat about those. And again, we reviewed like the benefits of this. Anytime we have multiple collaborators, we get the benefits of that additional reach. So what I've done is made you a little style shoot planner. It's pretty simple. You're gonna choose your concept. So select a concept that's gonna engage your target audience by making sure, one, it fits your photographic niche. It's something that your ideal clients wanna.

it's something that you'd be proud to show, it belongs in your portfolio, and it won't break the bank, okay? We don't wanna choose things that you gotta invest a thousand bucks into. Like, no, that's not necessary. I mean, if you want to, like if you have the money for it by all means, but we don't need to spend a lot of money to make these shoots effective, okay? Especially when we have the right partners and everybody's kind of like, instead of renting space at a studio, reach out to, you know, you could reach out to the studio in advance and you could say, maybe you find it on Peerspace, you say, hey, I wanna do this type of a shoot, and if you'll allow me to use your space, I'll give you rights to use the images after the fact, right, so you can.

I was noticing like on your peer space listing, you didn't have a ton of images that are in this genre. I'd love to get you images like that. Deal, like let's do it. You can do the same thing with Airbnb people, you can do the same thing with venues, you can do the same thing with everybody, right? So we don't need to spend a ton of money, we need to create relationships around this. Again, if you need ideas, this is where your brand strategist is gonna be your best friend. This is why we've spent so much time developing that skill. So you can literally go to the brand strategist and you can say, hey, okay, so now based on what you know about my business,

Give me ideas for amazing collaborative styled shoots that I can bring some of these partners into, okay? If you're ever short on ideas, ideate here. You know, there's plenty of different spaces. There's plenty of different ideas you can kind of come with and then spin them to make them yours, right? A morning in Mont, I should have picked a location where their words were things I could pronounce, but you know, instead I went with French. A picnic by the Seine, Seine? A rooftop Paris, okay? The artist's studio, all right, I love all of it. I love all of it, it's perfect, it's beautiful.

Okay, great. Step two, then we identify the right partners. Okay, so collaborative networking only works when we select the right partners. So this is the same checklist from the previous sheet that you're gonna go through, right? Make sure we have the right partners, the right people, models who look like potential clients, all of that. Step three, when you're ready to reach out, I've given you some, a template, just an idea of how to do this. So this is connection and collaboration, right? Collaborative shoots. Hey, I'm working on putting together a style of shoot. If this sounds interesting, I'd love to collaborate, have you team, here's what I'm going for. I wanna create some images that will, and then you speak to their audience. My concept is, describe.

I'm also teaching you to kind of rely on like AI so it's not fully relying on yourself But let's be honest where it's better than going and having to ask friends and stuff, okay? During the shoot. This is your checklist meaning. I want you to walk away from the shoot having created at least 10 plus portfolio images notice that I'm not putting a hundred there Because so often we go on to these shoots, and we are like oh my god I got to get 200 images out of this no I Want you to slow down I want you to create 10 great portfolio images That's already a high number if if you think about it like like 10 portfolio worthy images. That's what I want 25

that would be good enough to go on a social media. But I need you to slow down to raise the level of work that you're creating. Like be intentional with each shot that you're taking. And if you ever wanna practice this in your free time, you can do this very simply. You can do it in a number of ways. Some people would say like go grab a film camera. I think that's a little bit like not so practical. But if you like film, by all means. But my favorite way of doing this is going out and either limiting yourself by grabbing, go and find like a 32 megabyte or even like a 256 megabyte SD card. Pop it in your digital camera and shoot full raw.

get 15 exposures out of it. So when you're, when you're going out for fun, for vacation, for whatever it is, I want you to practice that. And if you don't have a memory card that small, then think of the number in your head. I'm only allowing myself 24 exposures. And when you get to 24, you got to stop. You will become so deliberate about the shots that you take that every shot gets elevated because every shot now matters. So I want you to bring that philosophy into your shoots where you slow yourself down, but it's something that you need to practice kind of like on your own next. I need you to make sure every time you're.

out filming, if I haven't like beaten this dead horse, every time you're out filming, you're getting behind the scenes. Again, my preference is iPhone. I don't care what you use. All I care is that you are shooting behind the scenes. If you have questions on what to use, go back to step 10. We gave you a full set of rundowns on that. While you're shooting, post some behind the scenes to the stories. Like stories is great for this, right? While you're out and about, even when you go like, hey, it's a work day at the coffee shop, like stories are there for you to kind of journal. This isn't something that I want to live permanently in my feed, but this is something that I'm doing right now. And to stay top of mind with people, to build connections. Oh, you go to that coffee shop too? How is it? Okay.

Post to stories, there's no reason to not be. And while you're doing, you tag everybody involved in those stories and you get instant like partnership kind of juice, okay? Let's call it partnership juice. That sounds super disgusting, but we're still gonna roll with that word, that combination, okay? So in the process, you've also, I want you to make sure that you solidify, this would be a verb, solidify your vendor and venue relationship. So anybody that's a partner with you, I don't want you to get so lost in the shoot that you're not building a meaningful relationship with them. I want you to use that time to get to know them. Do they have kids? What do they enjoy doing? What are their hobbies?

Get to know them, be a human being during these shoots. Don't just be a technical person that's like, okay, what's next with this? Okay, let me do this. Get out of your own head and focus on the relationship building. It's too good of an opportunity to not. Make sure that you've met your vendor and venue images needs. So anybody that's a collaborative partner, you should know what they're looking for. Make sure that you've also created the images that they're gonna need for themselves, right? Usually these overlap, but sometimes they have specifics. Hey, can you specifically get me a closeup shot of the bouquet? Oh yeah, you know, I already have that on my list, but I'll make sure we get that. Or hey, while you're in this room, can you do just a shot of the room while it's empty? Just so I can show people what the room looks like.

That's a common request that we get from venues. Hey, before you guys set up, do you mind just taking a shot here? Cause I want to show what it looks like before and what it looks like after. Absolutely. Then social media tags to credit everybody involved. So anything you publish, you're tagging. And of course, of course, of course, you've got your sign model release. I can't tell you how often we've forgotten this and it's really annoying to have to try and track them down after the fact and get the sign. Just get your model release signed right there, okay? Post-shoot, we have the same post-shoot collaborative checklist that we covered earlier, okay? Nothing crazy about this. Yes, it's the same little five-step process.