Adding fuel via giveaways, I'm going to say that this is optional, giveaways used to be super highly effective and then they've kind of lost a bit of steam, I still think they have a good amount of value, especially if you have an existing audience, but basically if you have a following or list, you can take the entire styled shoot concept or the collaborative shoot concept and you basically add a giveaway to it, meaning you make it an opportunity for someone to win the position of being the model, or if it's like say pet photography, they win the position of having their dog photographed. So it's a giveaway to win the actual position of the models themselves. Now again, it's a great way to grow the brand, the image, to increase social presence, to

gain new email subscribers, find potential clients, all of that, and really what we're doing is, all we're doing is creating a styled shoot and we're adding the giveaway to it. So we run a contest on social media for real people, for couples, for pets, for whoever to be the models, right? The trick in this is that we need some way to promote the giveaway, okay? If you don't yet have a following, you kind of have to promote this with paid ads. Like there's no other way, if you don't yet have an email list, if you don't yet have a couple thousand people following your brand and a couple thousand views on your content, then you're gonna struggle with these because there's no way to get the word out, unless you're paying to get the word out.

So that's the thing that I want you to kind of understand. Once you get consistently a few thousand views on your videos, on your reels, once you're, you know, you got a couple hundred people on your email list or more, that's a good time to start running giveaways, adding a giveaway component to your styled shoots. Before that, you could still do it, but now we have to add the idea of like, okay, I got to run a paid ad to this, and now we're getting into deep waters where, well, if you spend 500 bucks on paid ads there for a giveaway, then you're basically paying money to do a giveaway, right? And you're adding a lot of cost to the shoot. Okay, so I would suggest avoiding that and just...

just running giveaways once the brand is a little bit larger. So how do we do this? Well, you're gonna use the exact same styled shoot planner. This time, it's just when you promote the shoot itself, you're asking your audience to kind of like be involved. So it's a chance to win that model position, right? So we generally want them to do one call to action. I would really suggest not convoluting your giveaways with tons of calls to action, but I would say pick one. Now, two common ideas is like you can have them comment on a post and you can send them a direct message via many chats. So what you can say is like, hey, if you're interested, comment giveaway and I'll shoot you a DM, right? You've probably seen those.

it was on social media, and what people are using is they're using ManyChat to set up an automation where anytime someone comments a particular word on your post, it sends them a direct message. And I can actually briefly show you my ManyChat dashboard. So ManyChat is a pretty simple app. Oh goodness, I forgot which one of my accounts is actually linked up. I'm gonna guess this account. Oh good, okay. Okay, so the Facebook Mastermind Invite, right? So this is one where they say user comments on your post are real, and I don't want this to be an in-depth tutorial on this. I wanna show you briefly how it works because they have plenty of tutorials on how.

to use this, but the user comments on your post are real. And so you set what the specific words are. So the comment is mastermind. And then if they comment mastermind, then it's going to send them a message. And then you simply write in your message. Now, this is the cool part about this, right? Look at the amount of delivered and the amount of clicked. So I basically say like, hey, if you're interested in joining the best mastermind, you know, comment mastermind, and we'll send you the link, right? 99.9% of these are delivered. And it has a 73% click rate. That is insane. So what you're doing is you're really leveraging your audience and to give you a rough idea.

A good click through rate in a very engaged email list is around three to 5%. So this has roughly 15 times the amount of engagement and click throughs than simply sending out an email with like a call to action, right? This is the way I would run it, is comment on a post to enter the giveaway and you would simply respond to them with DM and then pull them into the process. Your DM might include like, okay, you can sign up for it here. I would collect their email, collect their phone number. Or you can also just give them, like you can also just direct them somewhere. Hey, click the link in my bio, it takes them to a signup page.

where you collect their email and their phone number. Now most any platform that you're using for your website, whether it's WordPress, whether it's, you know, a good template package for WordPress includes what's called a landing page. And if you're using ShowIt, or if you're using any of these other platforms that are kind of all in one, they have what's called a landing page. A landing page is a very simple page where you just capture a bit of information, right? So let me see if I can give you an example just to, I don't want to go too deep into this, which is why I didn't kind of like build it in the slides, but I do feel like it's relevant just to throw here.

Landing page is a very simple page that basically just gets a little bit of information. Let me see if I can do three day. Let's see, actually I can go and I think I know an easy way to get there. Let's go to Instagram. I think I still have it actually in my bio. So when you go to my bio, the three day, I gotta update this because that's not available right now. But when you click this, it takes you to a landing page. And it's very simple. A landing page can include a video, but it's basically like one title.

You know enter using the form below here's how to enter my giveaway with the form below and then you just say give them a couple options and you and then the call to action is just Enter enter the giveaway. Okay, so it's very simple if I click here reserve it'll say like, okay This is all I need full name email reserve my seat. That's a landing page We generally do this because why do we not send them to like our home page of our website whenever we're running like, you know It doesn't matter whether it's an ad. It doesn't matter whether we're running, you know a giveaway We never send them to the home page of the website because it's difficult to find where you need to go from there What we do is we send them to landing pages and the beauty

The beautiful thing about a landing page is that it doesn't have to be perfect, it doesn't have to be anything, it's a very simple page, it's easy to design, nobody else is going to see it, it's only people that come from the link. So it's very easy to kind of throw this together. So that's my favorite way of doing this is comment on a post, the direct message would basically just send them, so if we go back to that many chat, the direct message is just going to send them the link, sign up for the giveaway here, the link then goes to your landing page. If you want to create a video, cool, like if you're going to explain like this elaborate style shoot, maybe you make a video on your phone and it's like, hey we're looking

Looking for the perfect couple for this. Here's what we have in mind. Here's some of our images that we've created. You can click the link down to enroll below, right? And that's the way you'd run the giveaway. But it could just be a very simple form that says enter the giveaway. You have their name, their phone number, and their email, and you're good to go, and they can enter, okay? Run it very simple. I would recommend kind of doing it that way. There's no need to go and do anything crazy. There are plenty of giveaway softwares out there. I don't see the purpose of like, unless you're gonna do this on a constant basis, it's not really necessary, okay? This was actually run as a giveaway.

called the Dream Engagement Shoot with Pi. This was worth $3,000 at the time. That's what we priced it at, or valued it at, basically. It was for engaged couples only. So again, our models fit the demographic. We want engaged couples only because, hey, maybe we can even get them to book us for their wedding if we get someone good that's in the demographic. So don't look for, if you're a wedding photographer, don't look for already married couples because there's no chance that they're gonna hire you for anything else. You want engaged couples, okay? Next, the contest was a random winner. With a giveaway, we selected, oh, this is a term thing. So with a contest, you have to do a random winner. With a giveaway, we do a selected winner. So that's why we always run these.

as giveaways, okay, run them as giveaways so you can select the people that you think might be ideal for it versus just choosing a random winner. This is a legalese and it probably doesn't apply to like, I don't know, if it applies to other countries or whatnot, but here in the States, generally we have to comply, like a contest has to be a random winner, a giveaway can be a selected person. And then we had the planner do the styled shoot. So the result was these images that we created. We created a lot of fun images for social media, we got lots of great behind the scenes, all of it. This was the impact that it had. We had hundreds of emails and followers. I mentioned already the portfolio images, the behind the scenes, everything. And how do we promote it? Well, we just promote on our own social media, right? We have also our own.