Alright, first we have to accept that no, hearing a no really is not the problem that we think it is. So we're gonna be doing a bit of mindset work and specifically what we're really doing when we talk about mindset in this sense like throughout this program is it falls under the umbrella of basically CBT or cognitive behavioral therapy okay which means that if you've ever gone to a therapist especially someone that specializes in CBT you'll find that a lot

of the conversations, a lot of the techniques, a lot of the tips that they offer you are going to be very similar to some of the things that you've been hearing in this program. That's kind of the space that I spent the most time studying. So your relationship with money, I've mentioned this before, but especially in the objection process, your relationship with money are going to be painfully obvious, especially when it comes to objections. Because most of the time we're going to interpret objections, well this is really the way we interpret it.

fears the fear of no to us it means something different like when someone says no or when someone says you're too expensive or when someone says so-and-so is cheaper the way that we interpret that as creatives and as artists is typically not always but it's typically well I must have done something wrong or my work and my service just isn't good enough or maybe I said something that was bad maybe I offended them or even worse this business was

It's just a dumb idea. What was I thinking going down this road? I'm such an idiot for doing this. Or I'm not good enough as a blank. It could be I'm not good enough as an artist. I'm not good enough as a photographer. I'm not good enough as a businesswoman or a businessman. I'm not good enough as a person. This is where our mind tends to go and we have to acknowledge that because it's that fear of the objection. It's that fear that prevents us

approaching a sales conversation from a neutral standpoint. With that fear, that thought in our head is what turns us offensive. Like when we hear something like this, we don't take it from a neutral stance, we kind of go on the offense, right? And we start attacking back. Or we get defensive and we kind of shell up and go, oh, well, you must not be the right person for me. Or we just kind of shut down and we just don't know what to say after that. These are common.

flight freeze responses that you're going to see in the sales process and so we have to address this we have to recognize that as artists most of us were so afraid of hearing objections or the dreaded no that we're actually gonna avoid sales or we're gonna design a sales process that makes it difficult to close meaning like we're gonna try to avoid phone conversations we're gonna try to do everything over email we're gonna try not to close over the

phone because that makes us uncomfortable. So we're going to say, oh, I'll send you the contract after we finish this call. All of these things are going to constantly be coming up and I want you to recognize them for what they are and address them because if we don't shut these things down, we're always going to struggle in the sales process. And the thing is that I don't want you to struggle in the sales process, not only from a revenue standpoint, but look, if sales to you is difficult, if it's stressful, if it's not enjoyable, you're not going to do it.

That's the thing that I worry about. If this process is difficult for you, you're simply gonna try to skip it and the result of that is that we're not going to convert nearly as many leads as we could. You should be converting, just for reference, 80% of qualified leads. What that means is, assuming that they are somewhere in the budget range, maybe not the top end, but they are considering your budget, maybe you're asking for more than they expect, but they would.

Consider it, that's qualified to me, okay? 80% of the people that are qualified, if you get them on the phone, you should be able to convert them. That's where I want you to land at. And you can go up from that, 80% is your safe number, okay? So what we're gonna start doing is disconnecting everything. We're gonna basically start rewiring our brains. I mean, we've already been doing it, but really in this process, we have to take the last and final step of disconnecting and rewiring the rest of it. I'm gonna have you.

start by understanding that you cannot assume that the reason your client has an objection to something has anything to do with your fears, your worries, or what you might object to. Their objections are not your objections. Neither are they direct personal attacks on you. What I want you to rewire yourself to understand is that instead of fearing no, what I want you to do is recognize and rewire.

is that no in a conversation. Anytime somebody says no it gives you an actual place to go. Now a no might come in a number of different ways right it doesn't always come across as just a direct no. A no could be you know but so and so is cheaper. A no could be well I'm not yet sure. A no could be you know I need to talk to my spouse. These are all no's in different ways right but a no gives you a direction for the conversation to go but the empty yes is what ends the conversation. We all know what that empty yes is.

It's when my mother calls me and she wants to talk about how I'm going to hell because I no longer go to church anymore. And I'm like, yes mom, yes, I totally get it. No, I know, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, I'll talk to you later. That's the empty yes, right? We know the empty yes. It's the yes that we give to close out a conversation. Oh yeah, yeah, that sounds good. Yep, yep, nope, yeah, yeah, I'll call you, yep, yep. Be afraid of that.

Don't be afraid of no. You'll see why no gives us a place to go as we continue. The next thing I want to rewire is for you to recognize that objections are simply beliefs. What I mean is people don't object to facts, okay? You are more expensive than another person. I object. You're more expensive than the other person. They're not objecting to that. What they're objecting to is this belief that they hold about.

those facts. It's not that you're more expensive. I can't really object to that. That's obvious. That's factual. My belief is that, well, I could get the same service from somebody else for less. I believe that piece. So what we want to do and when we hear an objection is to actually recognize that an objection isn't based on anything factual. It's based on the belief that they hold against those facts. And so what we need to do is actually speak to the belief, not the thing that they're.

saying. The thing that they're actually saying are just words. There's a belief behind that because we as people we don't generally say what we actually believe. This is a, if you ever, I've studied a lot of writing, I love writing and one of the things that you learn in writing, in like like writing for television, writing for movies or writing for novels, is that anytime you create dialogue you have to understand that a person doesn't actually say what they believe. They say something around it. In fact if you...

right dialogue where it's like, yeah, I really wanna go on this date, but I'm afraid that person's gonna reject me. It sounds robotic. Nobody thinks that way. Nobody says anything like that. Instead, they would say something like, man, yeah, she's incredibly attractive, but I don't know, dude. That's what they would say instead, right? Or a number of things other than that. But they are not gonna spill the belief. So what I want you to recognize is that when somebody objects.

When they, whatever phrase it is that they say, that's not actually what they mean necessarily. It's a reflection of a belief. Speak to that. So samples of this. When someone says this is too expensive, they could be saying, well, I don't know that I value this enough to spend that much money on it. Even when they say like, I can't afford this, right? It's really more like, I don't know that I value this enough to spend that much money on it. Because.

we've all been in that place where we go I can't afford something I'll say to my kids I'll say to my wife oh we can't afford to go on that trip that's not true at all we can't afford to go on that trip it's just I don't think that that trip is worth spending the money on I want to do something else same thing with like I need to think about it I need to think about it the belief is likely to be something like well I'm worried here that I'm going to make the wrong decision I'm going to regret it maybe because I've done that before so I need to think on it

The idea of your competitors are cheaper, we talked about that one. The belief is, well, all of these options are the same, so I should be able to pay less and get the exact same service. So when they say your competitors are cheaper and we get immediately defensive, or we go, well, who are you looking at? Or we go, well, yeah, I know my prices are higher, but it's worth it. Instead, we speak to the belief. It sounds like you feel like if you hired someone.

one that's cheaper, you would get the exact same experience that you would get if you hired me. That is how we're going to handle objections. So regardless of what they say, I want you to recognize to, I put an icon here, love yourself because it's very easy to love others, but it's very difficult to love ourselves, especially when we're interpreting things that are happening in our business. You have to love yourself enough.

enough to know that these objections, these beliefs, they are not personal attacks on you. They're rational thoughts. They're rational fears that we all have about major purchase decisions. I will give you a note here. Sometimes people are just dicks. Okay. Every now and then you're going to encounter one, maybe one in 21 and 30 people is just a dick and they're going to say crazy things, which again, it will be a personal attack because they're just, they're a hurt person. And that's the way that they're going to respond.

on but recognize that they're basically taking out their belief set on you. And what it usually is when someone's just a dick, like how the F can you charge that much? Like how do you sleep at night? It's still a belief. What they're saying is I'm not happy with the work that I do. I cannot charge this much. I don't make this much money. And I'm gonna take it out on you because you do. That's what that is.

So every now and then you might encounter one of those, please do not project that onto every sales experience because that person is not only speaking still from this place of belief, but they're also just a dick. All right, let's just call a spade a spade. Can we do that? I want you to also do this in the objection process. Regardless of what they ask, I want you to do your best to avoid saying no unless you absolutely have to. Meaning, if someone makes a ridiculous request,

I don't say no, I say absolutely. I would love to do that. We do need to build some room in the budget. I'm thinking something like this might cost around three or $4,000. Like I'm literally just gonna price it out. So I'm gonna say yes to almost everything that they offer, but the things that I don't wanna do, I'm gonna price them out. And if they choose to pay for it, then I'm gonna suck it up and do it because, hey, they're paying handsomely for me to go and do something, okay? So let's try to remove no. We've talked about this. We're not gonna.

to stress about the words of the objection. We're only going to speak to the belief behind it. There's common ways that we're going to do this and this is where again you're going to see a lot of therapy in this process because it's very very similar. It sounds like you feel. It seems like you're worried that. Gotcha. You're not sure if. Okay so it sounds like you really value. Oh I got you. That's a reasonable concern. You're right to think about this. Oh I understand.

stand but do you feel okay so PS thank you psychotherapy this was helpful sales across the world appreciate you all right that's a bit of just mindset work now we're gonna start getting in the nitty-gritty I'm gonna start giving you ideas on specific objections but come back to this now and then and revisit this lesson because it's gonna make more and more sense as you keep having these conversations with people let's go to the next lesson