Don't want you to do this because we completed this back in step two for a reason But I just want you to see that it can help with this. Let's say out of Denver Help me

understand my audience. It can help you with that too, okay? So, it'll give you a good idea. Typically, Denver Bootleg clients fall into the.

on ranges, it gives you more. But again, I'm hoping that back in step two, you have a very clear feeling of this. If for some reason you're still questioning it.

the SEO content creator is still trained to help you in that area as well. Okay, so now we're going to go to step two. Once we have the title of it, once we have the article itself,

then we're never gonna accept it straight out of there. We're gonna use what it's given for our structure, for our ideation, and you're gonna spend 30 to 60 minutes just making each concept yours, adding your images, everything.

and if you don't like something, just ask it to change the output, okay? So you can bounce back and forth with it and it'll get you to where you wanna go.

go. So usually I'll massage the content with a couple prompts to get me where I want to go before I'll say start moving it over to an actual article, okay.

All right, that's it. So now this is the point where I want you to actually complete out your first SEO-driven piece of content, this evergreen content that we can put onto the website.

and start pulling from. Because we're not to social media yet, but I want you to just to see a glimpse of this, right? If we were to go back to one of these previous.

Conversations where we're let's see. I think we had it over here. Okay. So what do we have? We had all these locations? 10 under-the-radar elopement spots in

Paris that might feel like a movie, right? That was one of the article titles. Wouldn't each of these, like, couldn't I make now a social media real that said, here are my.

top 10 favorite engagement locations in Paris, right? You have a social media reel that literally quickly goes through all 10 of those locations, then couldn't you.

to make 10 more reels that basically tell you, like, hey, look, wanna see an elopement at Square Recamia? I know I'm not saying these right. Square Recamia.

whatever that is, want to see a location there or want to see some photos there. And then you simply show images at this one location. So you can go broad and feature all 10 of these in one.

reel, then you can go narrow and go deep into one of these in another reel. So we got 10 of those. Then look at this. Tips for choosing your Parasoloma location. Wouldn't this be a great

head video like hey my name is Pi and I'm a Paris Littman photographer here I tend to is the better way to do this by the way and I'll tell you the structure later but it'd be I want a quick

give you 10 tips for choosing your Paris enlopement location. By the way my name is Pye, I'm an enlopement photographer based out of Paris. Here's my kind of thoughts as a photographer that does this.

Number one, go early. Okay, you have a talking headpiece right here. Then you have another suggested photo timeline I don't think is as interesting for

or a social media reel. But maybe you work that in, like, you know, that could be one actually, that would be pretty useful. Paris, London locations, do we need a permit?

That make a great talking head video, right? Hey, do we need a permit to elope in Paris generally? No, no permit is required. You have multiple

Talking head pieces right here. You have multiple image centric pieces. We have 20 potential pieces of short form content from one evergreen article that we've created.

This is the idea of top-down marketing design. We start from the top. We get this evergreen piece onto our website where it's going to generate organic revenue.

views over time, it's going to start picking up traction and search, and in the meantime we start capitalizing on that same content by publishing it on social media. And that's just two of the uses.

Because then we can also take it and feature it in all the other places. Our newsletter. Don't you think if we are an elopement brand and people are getting married in Paris, don't you think people would like to know?

this if they land on my website wouldn't this make for a fantastic lead magnet like 10 incredible locations for your paras elopement that will feel that'll make it feel like a movie

I would give you my email, my phone number for that. 100%. So this is how we're gonna get intelligent as we go into marketing. We're not just gonna sit there and.

Grind on social media. We're gonna go at this with purpose and purpose that's gonna yield long-term as well as short-term results, okay? All right.

That's done, I'm done with my rant. Let's go ahead and pause this, finish this assignment out. And as always, if you have an article that you can publish.

And if you're like, hey, it'd be great to get someone's eyeballs on this, jump into the group and say, would anyone like to trade an article review? I'm curious what you guys think about this one. I just published this.

Ask for feedback from the mentorship group. Cool. Okay, so four keys for SEO. Remember back in step seven, I believe it was,

said most of this is stuff that you're going to do one time but there is one area that you're going to do over and over again and this that that is this area so i wanted to re-emphasize

It's what it is that you'll be doing over and over again. With essentially every article, with every page that you publish, we're using the Tutti framework. So we call it Tutti because it sounds.

It's nice, fruity, and not intimidating. So look, what this is is just a reminder that after you finish your content, after you finish that article, that page.

You're going to get it on your website and remember 2D. So remember that the title needs to have your niche keyword inside of the title. And obviously we just want to make the title the same title that we created.

created, right? So the keyword is going to naturally be in that that goes into the H1, the header on the website. The URL should also contain the keyword as well.

Right? So if it's a, so kind of going back to Lin and Jersa, if I were to show you that URL, when you're looking at a sunrise versus sunset locate, like which is best, right?

The URL itself follows the keyword structure that's in the title. Now it could be, like you could just have.

sunrise versus sunset photography, which is best. It could just be sunrise versus sunset photography too. It could also be, you know, you don't need to go too far with this. I guess.

What I'm saying is if we had one of those longer titles that we're using down here where it's like, you know, 10 tips from a wedding photographer with five years of experience, it could just say.

Wedding day tips for you know, so-and-so so it can be a simplified keyworded version It doesn't have to be the entire title up there in that URL. Okay

but we want to make sure that the url has the niche keyword in there. It doesn't have to include everything else but it has the niche keyword. We also want to sprinkle the niche keyword into the copy

of the website or into the web page, which that's automatically going to be done by the AI. If you notice that the SEO content creator doesn't give you a...

enough, by the way, then just go back to it and say, hey, can you include a few more references in my keyword? Okay. We also wanna make sure that the image names follow the.

a similar format where we've named, we've given the file names a description that includes the niche keyword and a description of the image. I gave you a full guide to that.

in step seven. So you can reference that as well. But this is 2D. It's just making sure that we make sure that the title has the niche keyword and the full phrase. Make sure that the URL

has the niche keyword itself. Make sure that the niche keyword is sprinkled in a text and that it's also in our image names and descriptions. Okay, I gave you examples of each of these so it's important that the urls based on your image name and description are in the same place.

contain the keywords separated by dashes so don't use underscores don't use other things convention is just to use dashes okay and there's examples of that there i also summarized what we

about in terms of image optization. If you want the full guide, go back to step 7, but I summarized everything here. So it's just unique names, file names, using relevant keywords to describe the image.

You use dashes between those file names. That's the common convention. It's convention also to use lowercase. To compress as well, I like JPEG Mini from Compressor.

directly from Lightroom so they stay small and then when you get it up onto the website you get the option of adding an alt tag so this is kind of a short keyword description. So I gave you a couple full examples here

So if we were trying to create an article about wedding venues in Charleston, South Carolina, we would say our 10 favorite wedding venues in Charleston, South Carolina. That's literally the title, the H1, right?

Then the URL top 10 wedding venues in Charleston South or you don't need to say in so top 10 wedding venues Charleston South Carolina okay so it's okay if

You put top 10. You could also say, actually, since this is our 10 favorite, you might as well say top 10. Okay, that works. In text, we might say something like, there's so many.

incredible wedding venues in Charleston, South Carolina, we thought we'd put together an article of 10 of our favorites. This is actually how I would talk, so this is a good example of me talking. Image names.

this might be examples of like charleston wedding venues if i had a general image if i had a specific image about hotel bennett charleston wedding venue if i had hotel bennett charleston wedding venue

Indoor ballroom. I might put that as well, right? So I want each file name to describe the kind of what's in the image basically in a very short way I give you another

Another example on portraits, what to wear for family photos, that's the concept. So what should we wear for family pictures, five important tips, that's the full title. This is our H1, right?