So both these blogs are the exact same, okay, that's all it is. Now if I were to look at the resources, these are a separate page basically.

where we have resources for clients, we have FAQs, we have favorite vendors, wedding timelines, we have wedding venues under another menu option.

Resources, I like to create those as separate pages. So for example, if we're looking at client resources and we look at sunrise versus sunset photography, which is best?

right, they're housed underneath this little structure where it's just a page on your website and hopefully you can see the, let me bring this down a little bit so you can see the URL, okay.

Okay, so as you can see, the URL is just linearjersey.com and then the name of the article with dashes. What, what, it's not, this is not a deal breaker.

But, we generally want these resource pages to be a little bit closer to the home page in terms of organization if possible. Okay. So, leningrsa.com.

If we put it under the blog, what we end up with is it'll say linendirsa.com forward slash blog forward slash whatever the name of that resource or the

that page is. So I like keeping it clean and separating it that way. It's not a huge deal if you don't wanna do it that way or if you haven't organized it that way already.

Don't make this an issue. It's not gonna have nearly the same kind of impact as it would have previously, okay? So let's go back to this idea of the title.

The two-step title formula that I like to use is basically just the niche keyword and a specific promise of value, right? So we already have that niche keyword in mind.

mind. Let's say the example might be, how do I choose the right wedding photographer? This is actually like a keyword phrase and a good.

Sample title because it kind of all goes together right but destination wedding tips might be what somebody types in and We might add to that and say 10

critical destination wedding photography tips, or we might say 10 critical destination wedding tips when getting married in Banff to get even more specific, right?

One might type in, why is wedding photography so expensive? As a general keyword, that search term, like someone searching that, it works for a title as well. You could even add on to this, why is wedding photography so expensive?

Wedding photography is so expensive, and you could say three thoughts from a seasoned wedding professional, right? You could add another piece to that. Or.

Top 10 engagement locations in Park City, Utah. These are all just sample titles. So inside of each of these, how do I choose the right portrait photographer? 10 wardrobe tips for portrait sessions. So someone might.

Type in just wardrobe tips, and you add the other piece to that, right? Do I need professional head shots? What are personal branding portraits? Tips on how to pose for newborn babies.

How to Find the Perfect Newborn Photographer. All of these titles, what you'll notice is that the title essentially writes the article, okay? If I write 10.

critical destination wedding tips. Well, I know that what I need to create is tips for destination weddings and 10 critical ones gives me the idea of the format, right? It's a bullet.

point format and I'm going to go through and list each of these different tips that I'm going to give. If I said 10 critical destination wedding tips for couples getting married in Banff, then

and it gets even more specific. And again, I know what that article would need to include. So this is why we go title first. We start with title first because it literally dictates.

everything that goes into the body of your content, the subjects you're going to discuss, the number of concepts we're going to include, relevant niche keywords, article formatting, and the approach.

that is basically determined by just the title. So your best content, and I know in your heads right now you're probably thinking, but Pye how do I think of these ideas? I have all

all the tools for you, so don't stress about that part. Your best content is gonna address topics that your clients will naturally wanna know. They're gonna be content that basically.

ask questions that they're gonna find, questions and challenges that they're gonna have inside of their client journey, okay? In other words, your best content.

and is gonna be things that would be very much nice to have in a lead magnet or some sort of a downloadable guide. That's for a little bit later in marketing,

We're keeping this in mind because what we're creating now is gonna be utilized in a number of different ways. So if for a moment we pop back to that leverage structure, right?

We're creating this one piece up here, this top-down design, so that we can expand it into long form, viralize it, nurture, repurpose, reshare, amplify, grow the community, and

Span and guess what? This email nurture sequence, this is where we might take it, put into a lead magnet, take it, use it in emails, all of that kind of stuff. So it's one piece of content.

that we're gonna potentially reuse in a number of different ways, and this is how we get a lot of mileage out of the effort that you're putting into this. Okay, so let's actually.

get into the meat of this, let's create your first article or page title. So we're going to get to the first title right now. So again, we're starting with a niche SEO keyword phrase and then turning.

into kind of a working title, and that's it. So all we're looking for is that it includes the keyword phrase itself and kind of a clickable promise of value.

okay and here it is we're not going to stress what we're going to do is go right into i'm going to click that link it's going to bring up the seo content creator for photographers so

So this is your updated for V2 as well. This is your SEO content creator that's going to help throughout this entire process. So what I would encourage you to do first is let's.

Let's go back for one moment to the brand strategist. The brand strategist that we created way back, right? I asked it, and I can, in case it doesn't give me.

What I'm going to say for you to do is to type into here and to say give me a short paragraph that defines my niche audience

and messaging so I can give that information to another chat custom GPT.

Okay, and hopefully your brand strategy doesn't drift, it doesn't create issues, but there we go. Okay, it did it right this time. So Northern Nest is an emotionally grounded elopement and destination.

photography studio based in Paris serving introspective connection okay so here we go I'm going to grab this and I'm going to copy this and then we're going

And you can open, by the way, ChatGBT in multiple windows. So you can open another window here. We're gonna go to the SEO content creator and say,

In a moment, or you can just say this. Actually, let me bring the screen a little bit more into view so it's not too far off. Okay.

So, let's say, give me 10 working titles for topics you think my audience would

like to know here's a little info about my business and now you're going to simply going to take what your brand

strategist gave you and plop it in. Okay, now the SEO content creator is already trained to basically know exactly what to do.

it's gonna research your background, it's gonna look at the audience, and it's gonna look at like what people in this area are basically searching for, right? So what we're gonna do now,

is just glance and see what it gives us. So how to plan a meaningful elopement in Paris and it gives us like without the stress or spectacle. I love that and the keyword here is elopement in Paris right.

a camera-shy creative guide to eloping in Paris, 10 quiet corners of Paris for the emotional first elopement. This is Paris elopement locations. So for each one of these it's

giving me plenty of different ideas on what I could write about. Now, one that I think would be great is like kind of a little more on the nose, like 10 of my.

my favorite locations for a Paris elopement, or 10 of my favorite locations for a Paris elopement, I think would be fantastic. So if you have an idea, you can always bounce-

it back and you can say, okay, what do you think about 10 ideas for a 10

Okay, let's go 10 location ideas for Paris allotments. Okay, so you can always bounce.

things back and forth. And look, why it works, it's Parallel Open Locations are in there, it's high search volume, that's great. And it gives a few upgraded titles that might.

I feel more like you. So anytime you give it an idea, the GPT is trained to give you back not only feedback, but potential upgrades.

to what you could do to make it a little more unique to you. 10 Quiet Corners of Paris, it really loves that one. Okay, the best Paris elopement locations for connection first couples.

I love this, this is so defined. 10 under the radar elopement spots. Oh, I love that too, right? That's very clickable. Like under the radar kind of says this idea that.

These are locations that nobody else knows about. And so we get a really good idea. So let's go. Okay. I love number four. Then what I'm going to do, and this will get to the body of it.

Second, we'll focus on that in one of the next lessons, but let me just give you an idea. We're gonna say, I love number four, build me the article, okay?

Now, if you know what the locations are, if you have ideas, then you're going to spell those out too, and we'll talk about that in just a bit, but I want to show you how simple this process can be.

because we're going to allow the AI to basically handle a lot of the heavy lifting and then we're going to go and modify. But I don't want you to write the article yet, I just want to give you

idea of where this is going. So once you're here and you've got all these titles, drop them in. If you've got future titles that you want to write about, put them into your niche keyword phrases and.

You can also do check search volume through Google analytics, not going to school, Google keyword search. So you can also check that as well by looking in.

yeah you back in module six i gave you guys a link to that okay we we used google adwords to find that so the goal here is i want you to basically