Okay, so four keys for SEO. Remember back in step seven, I believe it was, when I said most of this is stuff that you're gonna do one time, but there is one area that you're gonna do over and over again, and that is this area. So I wanted to reemphasize what it is that you'll be doing over and over again. With essentially every article, with every page that you publish, we're using the Tutti framework. So we call it Tutti, because it sounds nice, fruity, and not intimidating. So look, what this is is just a reminder that after you finish your content, after you finish that article, that page, you're gonna get it on your website and remember Tutti. So remember that the title needs to have your name.

keyword inside of the title. And obviously, we just wanna make the title the same title that we created, right? So the keyword is gonna naturally be in that. That goes into the H1, the header on the website. The URL should also contain the keyword as well, right? So if it's, so kinda going back to Lin and Jersa, if I were to show you that URL, when you're looking at a sunrise versus sunset locate, like which is best, right? The URL itself follows the keyword structure that's in the title. Now, it could be, like you could just have sunrise versus sunset photography, which is best. It could just be sunrise versus sunset.

of photography too, it could also be, you don't need to go too far with this. I guess what I'm saying is, if we had one of those longer titles that we're using down here where it's like, 10 tips from a wedding photographer with five years of experience, it could just say wedding day tips for so and so. So it can be a simplified keyworded version. It doesn't have to be the entire title up there in that URL, okay? But we wanna make sure that the URL has the niche keyword in there. It doesn't have to include everything else, but it has the niche keyword. We also wanna sprinkle the niche keyword into the copy of the website or into the webpage, which that's automatically gonna be done.

by the AI. If you notice that the SEO content creator doesn't give you enough, by the way, then just go back to it and say, hey, can you include a few more references of my keyword? Okay. We also wanna make sure that the image names follow the similar format where we've named, we've given the file names a description that includes the niche keyword and a description of the image. I gave you a full guide to that back in step seven. So you can reference that as well. But this is 2D. So just making sure that we make sure that the title has the niche keyword and the full phrase, make sure that the URL has the niche keyword itself, make sure that the niche keyword is sprinkled in a text, and that it's also.

also in our image names and descriptions, okay? I gave you examples of each of these, so it's important that the URLs basically contain the keywords separated by dashes, so don't use underscores, don't use other things. Convention is just to use dashes, okay? And there's examples of that there. I also summarized what we talked about in terms of image optization. If you want the full guide, go back to step seven, but I summarized everything here. So it's just unique names, file names, using relevant keywords to describe the images, use dashes between those file names, that's the common convention. It's convention also to use lowercase to compress as well. I like JPEG Mini from compressing directly from Lightroom so that they stay small. And then when you get it up onto the website, you get.

at the option of adding an alt tag. So this is kind of a short keyword description. So I gave you a couple of full examples here. So if we were trying to create an article about wedding venues in Charleston, South Carolina, we would say our 10 favorite wedding venues in Charleston, South Carolina. That's literally the title, the H1, right? Then the URL, top 10 wedding venues in Charleston, South, or you don't need to say in. So top 10 wedding venues, Charleston, South Carolina. Okay, so it's okay if you put top 10. You could also say, actually, since this is our 10 favorite, you might as well say top 10. Okay, that works. In text, we might say something like, there's so many incredible wedding venues in Charleston, South Carolina, we thought we'd put together an article of 10 of our favorite.

favorites. This is actually how I would talk, so this is a good example of me talking. Image names, this might be examples of like Charleston wedding venues, if I had a general image, if I had a specific image about Hotel Bennett Charleston wedding venue, if I had Hotel Bennett Charleston wedding venue indoor ballroom, I might put that as well right. So I want each file name to describe kind of what's in the image basically in a very short way. I'll give you another example on portraits, what to wear for family photos, that's the concept. So what should we wear for family pictures, five important tips, that's the full title, this is our h1 right. Then what to wear for family pictures, that's enough for the URL.

I need to say five important tips. So that's where I'm saying like the URL can be the simple niche keyword by itself. You don't need the kind of adjectives and things that we're throwing in to make it more clickable. One of the most frequently asked questions, this is a sample of text. One of the most frequently asked questions is what should we wear for family pictures? Well, let's dive right into it. That is how I would talk. Okay, and then image names with descriptions on there. All right, if you have any questions on this, so again, if you are wondering like, well, how do I compress images? What are all the different options there? Can you give me more of the image guide? Just go back to step six, or sorry, step seven. We have, I have an actual video.

but that just shows you like image optimization by itself. But all of this was laid out in step seven two. And once again, if you're ever confused, like where do I put my title or how do I change a URL? You can literally go to our best friend and say, hey, I'm using WordPress or put your website name there. How do I change the URL for a page I'm creating? And it'll walk you through. It's pretty self-explanatory in most systems, by the way, but if you ever have a question, then this will walk you through all the steps there. Okay, so now all I want you to do is you're gonna create the page.

So let's take all that beautiful content you just made, let's drop it in, let's modify, make it ours, or you can do what I like to do and just kind of like write with it over in the right side window. You can copy and paste sometimes and I make heavy changes to it, that works too. Either way, make it yours. Then follow the 2D framework, get everything in, your title, your URL, text, sprinkle your keyword phrase, make sure the file names are good, and let's get it published, okay? Once again, if you're stuck, you know, what's the best way for me to create a new SEO-driven page or article on my website, which is on, and you put platform right here, it's gonna guide you through all those steps. All right, so pause here, let's complete that assignment, let's get.

that first one up, and then once you've got it up, I think it's time to celebrate. So post it into the group. Once you've got this up, post it into the group. That's a win in my books.