Writing one page or one article per week. Look, if I am approaching business fresh, okay, and I'm doing this full-time,

time. My goal is just one new SEO-driven page, resource, or blog entry per week.

I want you to spend maybe up to two hours on this. If it's your first time doing this and it takes you three or it takes you four hours, don't worry about it. There's a little bit of a learning curve.

as you're figuring out, getting used to the GPT side, getting used to adapting it, figuring out where it goes on the website, how do you adjust things. Buy your second article.

that learning curve is going to be cut in half by your third it's gone okay so this that that side of it goes away quick but i want you to think i'm going to spend one to two hours a week on something like this because

because of how many different pieces of material it's gonna give you. So, once you have this page published, right? And by the way, I'm.

I'm gonna say, like, if photography is kinda like your part-time gig, then take this and spread it out a little bit. So maybe you do one article every other week, okay?

Do what you can and when you can, do more. I'm gonna use that phrase over and over since I learned it at our coffee meetup. Thanks again, Frank. All right.

Give the SEO piece of this a bit of time, okay? Because it does take, you know, a few months, three to six months before your SEO articles start hitting. What's really interesting.

about this and seo works on on like literally any search driven platform so what we've talked about here funny enough you can you can put this onto your website it's going to work in search it's

But you can also do this on, say, for example, YouTube. how to do this on YouTube.

Now here's the funny thing about this. I'm gonna show you guys, I'm gonna switch the account to 12-week relationships. And again, this was a business that we closed down.

not gonna get into the details of, that we closed down two years ago, all right? So I'm gonna switch to the YouTube Studio view so you can see this. This was.

is I haven't published to this in over two years, right? This is all the previous content that we had created. And what's hilarious about this is when you look at the.

dashboard, the current subscribers. If I go to channel analytics, right? Look at how the channel is still growing. It's still got over 300 new subscribers. It's getting 25,000 views.

use, we haven't published in over two years. All of this is because each of the things that we created previously were SEO driven titles, how to quickly get over a break.

up? How can you repair a relationship after cheating? How to stop being defensive in your relationships? How to resolve resentment? They're all just common search terms. So if you're wondering why would pie and

encouraged us to do evergreen content. It's because we've shut this business down and it's still generating leads every single month, okay? This is the effect.

of long-term marketing assets. And it's kinda cool, these SEO efforts on your website, they're gonna start to have impact in three to six months and they're gonna continue to bring in views.

over time. And as you add to them, as we expand what we're doing here, you're going to get even more from it. Okay. But one page per week, I want to, I want to help.

One page per week gives you 52 SEO-driven pages in a year.

from one SEO-driven piece of content, like one evergreen piece of content, right? I can get five to ten reels out of that. So 52 of these.

is you have 500 different ideas that would make for great short form videos to go and post on the Instagram to give your audience not only value, but to show.

them your authority in what it is that you do. So what we want to do here is whether you choose one every other week, I don't even care if it's one every month, just understand that the

Less time we put towards this, obviously the longer it's gonna take to have impact. But if you can, if this is your full-time thing, one a week. If this is a part-time thing, one every other week.

If you're doing this as a side gig, at least, at a minimum, I would say one a month because it's going to drive the social media side as well. And you're going to watch the traffic compound on itself.

Okay, because if I have one of these articles, just for context, if one of your articles is generating a hundred views per month, by the time you get.

get 52 of these up, you've got each one of them generating 100 views per month, which is potentially millions of impressions, as well as thousands of clicks.

That are coming through on a monthly if not yearly basis So this is too low of a hanging fruit not to take advantage of all right, and then the other idea is plus

every single piece of content you create feeds the entire content marketing strategy. So, give it a bit of time. We're going to start here and then I'm going to show you as we go through the rest of the marketing session.

sections, how we're going to potentially expand it into a long-form content. I mean, it's really easy. You literally just turn on your camera, drop in the freaking article, and read it, okay? But I'm

I'm gonna show you step-by-step how we can potentially use all this and work with the leverage framework to really take one thing and expand it into something that just keeps delivering over time.

time.

on here. The question was, Pi, if we do this, you know, one article per week over a year, we have over 52 SEO driven resources. Do we got to keep going at that?

And look, I need to clarify a couple things here. I want one new SEO-driven page.

resource or that or is big blog entry each week okay so if you have blogged a client like as long as you've been

within blogging, as long as you've done everything,

SEO resource as well. If you want to, if you wanna go, you know, be crazy and do two or three per week, then fine. But those blog entries count too. And that's one thing that I wanted to emphasize.

The other thing as well is when you get to 50 plus pages and these are doing well for you, part of this process is updating them so let's...

include that as well. If one week you want to update or enhance one of these existing articles, let's count that too. So updating counts for your one.

Another thing I'll say is this, at a year into this, you've got plenty of pages going, you're generating good views and leads, you could start slowing down.

new resources like let's say we've we've already created a bunch of different resource pages we don't have any fresh ideas at that point give yourself a bit of

permission, maybe you're just going to blog new client shoots and when an idea comes, you're going to get that idea down into a new resource, okay?

or maybe you're doing a resource once every month. So at that point, we can slow down a bit. The reason why I want this to be heavy and front side focus is because these articles, like I said, they take.

three to six months to start having an effect. So we wanna get as much of these resources, these SEO driven content pieces up so that there's more to crawl and more that we can gain.

as they start generating views, right? So the more we can get them up and kind of moving, the better. And then we can slow down a little bit, create something that's a little more, if it.

Honestly, I think that with this understanding of it,

very sustainable to do one per week. But if you did wanna slow it down after a period of time, you could. But just kinda keep that in mind. That's why we're aiming to get a lot of these up quickly.

that we can start getting the benefit of them, which has a little bit of a lag, a little bit of delay there. Plus we wanna fuel the content engine to get things moving. Okay, that's it.