against two that? Why the beach? Oh, it's because the two of you always do date night at the beach on the walks. That's amazing. I feel like what if we actually chose a spot like that for maybe the engagement session? Everything that they share with you is gonna give you ideas. And a huge mistake in this,

this spot is after they describe the image, is not playing in deeper to understand, help me to clarify that, help me paint the picture of what this image looks like, what's so important in it, and make sure that you understand why. Then after that, we hit this piece of part six. Based on that,

on what you've shared with me I'm gonna take a guess at your values and what we're gonna do is put together a kind of value board okay what this means is I want to know aesthetically what images you love and we'll create a mood board for that but I want to know what images you value and that's what the value board is there for what is

truly meaningful to you. So help me know, am I on the mark? Or is there anything that you'd tweak or adjust here? It's okay if I'm completely wrong too. And then we start to infer things. You said that that closeup shot on the altar with you exchanging rings with your family in the photograph, that's important.

important to you, would it be fair to say that like, you would appreciate a nice artistic image during getting ready moment, but would you appreciate that more if maybe it was a genuine moment where mom was there helping you get ready? And maybe she was sharing a few nice words with you?

Okay, you mentioned the beach. I'm doing like different clients, different responses, right? You mentioned the beach because that's a place that you guys frequently spend time. Would you appreciate if maybe for the engagement session, what if we actually, it was not so much like just going to a pretty location, taking pretty pictures.

But what if we actually made this a date where you went to the beach and you guys do what you normally do, but we document it and create these beautifully artistic moments that are genuine, that feel real to you. Would that be something you would value? You play these words back and you infer their value sets and how it applies to.

different aspects of the way that you're gonna approach the shoot. This is what's meaningful about the process. This is why we're doing it. After doing this, we've completed step six, we've made all these inferences, we know now what it is that they want. We've completed this checklist. We haven't even picked up the camera.

But I know who they are as an individual, as people. I know, and you, you know what they appreciate, what they value. You understand the language, their common language. What are the words they typically use? Doctors are gonna use different language than psychologists who are gonna use different language than accountants.

Who are you going to use different language than business owners? We want to speak in their language, in their words, the words that resonate with them. You also know the exact images you need to capture, the types of images that they would appreciate. And at the same time, we've given them an anchor and a price point to what we actually

they would charge for prints. So for those of you that do IPS, that's super helpful. Even for those of us that are just trying to qualify a client to make sure that they can spend a good amount of money on the package, we've done that too. All of these things are done in that process. This is where I get the idea, the saying, where I'm like, being a better.

salesperson will make you a better photographer. So upon finishing the wave, this last little step, part seven, you're going to reiterate some of the things that you've learned and we're going to set a cognitive dissonance anchor. So this can be really anywhere in this point that we can do this, right? But once we are really connected.

Once they understand how we've applied these values to the rest of this shoot, how we're gonna plan the shoot around their values, that's when I say I love doing this exercise with my clients, because don't you feel like as your photographer it's critical that I know exactly what you appreciate and value?

Now, they might just instantly know what you're saying and be like, yes, completely on board. They might be like, well, yeah, I guess so. If they're not completely on board, that's when I'm going to go a little bit deeper. Well, I see that you're not quite convinced, but let me go a little bit further with this.

I can take, and this is what a lot of photographers are gonna do, they're gonna come and they're gonna take pretty pictures. Maybe something's happening in front of them that they find interesting. It's visually appealing and they take pictures of that thing. What if it's not something that you actually would want or appreciate? It's entirely possible to take that thing.

beautiful images of things that you don't care about, isn't it? They agree with that. That's what I mean. That's what I mean by, isn't it important that I know exactly what you appreciate and value? So I can bring my creative view, my angle, my ideas to the things that are actually meaningful to you.

That's as much of my style as anything else, as the colors or the camera that I use or the way that I light. This is what I bring to my clients. There's always room to help them understand something if they're hung up. And I want you to recognize that.

that. It's not about going to the next step when they're stuck on the prior one. Help them work through each step of this to get to the next place. Okay, now here's the thing. Knowing how to do the wave, like what you know here, versus actually doing the wave are two completely different things.

things. Every single person that does this sucks at it at the beginning. Okay. You're going to suck at it, which is also why we do role plays because even when you're good at this, even with our members that have been here for a year that know this, when you're put under pressure, you're going to suck at it again. That's why we do it. I'm going to encourage you to.

Stick with this. As you get better and better with this process, the entire world is gonna open up to you in a way that you didn't think possible. Because you're not just learning how to sell, you're learning to actually communicate with someone on a deeper level. To communicate to their values, not simply at a surface level.

of what is it that they want. So stick with this. I would also encourage you to make sure that you watch, I've highlighted specific role play examples that are in the lesson material. I want you to watch those in their entirety. There's some beautiful examples in there, including one where for any of you that are like, man, what do I do?

when I'm stuck, where I keep getting all these different things coming up, all these different objections, you know, interruptions, everything. I did one with Meredith that it was such a great role play and we found out later that she's an actress. It's such a great role play that it's now going to be in the lesson material. Afterwards, we did one with Tommy, we did one with Alessandra.

There were such good role plays of how we get hung up, how we get stuck on things, that I made those officially part of the material. And I don't want you to skip them. They're so valuable. So please make sure to check those out. And you'll find them as you go through lesson by lesson, just automatically. I've already kind of put them where they need to go. But I want you to understand that when it comes to.

the wave. When it comes to sales, perfect practice makes perfect. You now understand what the process looks like. Now we can actually go and practice it until we can perfect the process. So find a buddy within our community. I want you to hop on zoom, and I want you to do this, to practice this. You can even record those.

sessions through Zoom, make sure that you can both basically get through this checklist. You can break the ice and establish rapport quickly. You can smoothly transition in the wave. You can effortlessly guide them through the wave, even if they have hangups, and you can understand what they want and value and apply it to the solution that you're offering to them.

Make sure you can do those steps. When you've got that down, then I would say you've got this process down and you're checked off and good to go. Okay, so I actually have that little assignment here. Pause, go ahead and find a role play buddy. And it doesn't have to be like right this second. I mean, find the buddy right this second, but schedule the call. At least schedule the call for role play.

Hopefully, okay, let's go on. Let me just quickly go through common wave mistakes. Again, if you're going through this material for the first time, I really don't expect you to do too much with this right now because you haven't practiced it yet, right? As you practice the wave in both role plays and.

real consultations, I want you to review them and you're gonna see these common wave mistakes come up and then I want you to address them. So I think I have the six kind of most common ones. Oops, I think I flipped my screen. Let me go back to side by side. There we go. So the six most common mistakes. Number one is treating the wave like it's this script.

that you memorize verbatim, right? It's not. I don't need you to memorize the words verbatim. The steps, those parts of the wave are what's key. And as you watch me do role plays, as you watch me do the wave, there's never one time where I'm saying the same words the same way, right? In fact, with the specific role play example I gave you with Meredith.

We go on crazy tangents and I have to kind of keep bringing it back to wherever we are in the wave. So it's not a script that you're trying to memorize verbatim, it's a process that you're trying to understand. So don't treat it like like a script. Mistake number two is forcing someone into the wave without properly memorizing it.