99% of other parents of other people. Nobody wants fake AI generated images of their wedding day. Nobody wants fake AI generated images of their children growing up. I want the real thing. I want my children being themselves. I want those things documented in a photograph. I don't want faked versions of this. So it's.

Silly to think that an AI could step into a human's life to create something tangible and real based on their values. And that's why in the space of experiential photography, we're good. Now, if the photography that we're offering is not experiential, this is where we're gonna have to start looking at what we're doing and start worrying about competing with AI.

but that's not a space that I'm encouraging really any of you to be in, okay? All right, so during a conversation, whenever you are uncovering a client's value, right, or anything that's meaningful to them, I want you to come back to that in the session, like in the actual sales consultation.

and anchor that thing. Remember, an anchor is just something that takes you back to a value, a belief, a memory, anything, right? As you present the solution. So as I present a solution, like, you know, I think this would be a really great fit for you. This is the right package for you. Because you mentioned that you appreciate

Appreciate this. You mentioned that one of your values is this. Having this package would allow me to do this, and I think that would be something that you would love. Am I correct in that? So during the conversation, as we uncover each of these pieces of these values, as we create this value board,

In the conversation, we anchor the solution back to those values, back to those beliefs, back to those wants frequently to help them understand how it is that, well, what we're offering applies to the thing that they're wanting or needing. Okay. It's through these anchors that...

someone's able to actually resolve two conflicting beliefs. See, everybody that comes into the space of purchasing something, right? They have, one side is how much do they want to spend? Okay, and I say want because it's difficult to say, like, what can somebody afford? That's a decision that they have to make themselves. Nobody from the outside.

side can really help them make that decision because we don't know their situation right so it's really how much they want to spend and sometimes they can afford much more but what they want to spend is a certain amount and that's fine too right but there's a certain belief in there in terms of what they want to spend and then there's a certain belief there in terms of like the quality of product or service that they're trying to provide

purchase. The anchor is how we can help them resolve those two conflicting beliefs. And by the way, two conflicting beliefs in psychology terms, this is called cognitive dissonance. This happens all the time. And so typically in the sales space, those two conflicting beliefs is I need to get what I want, but I also want to get what I, I also want to pay what I want.

I want to pay. I don't want to go over that amount. Now oftentimes we're willing to adjust how much we want to spend if the service is what we truly want and that's what we're really saying here is we create these anchor points in this conversation so that someone can as they're evaluating as they're thinking to themselves like what do I really want to spend.

really want, they can actually weigh those wants against what they expected to spend. Okay. And that's where they can make a decision. Like, well, if we go with, you know, Alessandro, then we are going to spend a little bit more money. And originally I didn't want to do that, but I really feel like he understands what we're looking for. I really feel like.

Carmen knows the types of newborn photos that we want to have. I really feel like James can just kill it with our kids' senior portraits, you know, with sports kind of photos. I feel like he'd do such a good job with that. And that belief is how I would resolve, well, I didn't wanna spend.

this much, but I really do want that thing. This is the importance of these anchors and in understanding what it is that we're doing in creating a photograph, but also in understanding how we can anchor specific values within the sales consultation itself. Okay, we're gonna keep going because I know a lot.

of this feels theoretical and it's not. This is very tactical but it's one of those things that you have to implement, that you have to actually practice and see it happening to kind of realize what exactly is going on and that's going to come with a bit of time. So let's keep going. Okay so now we're getting even more tactical. We're gonna hit

specific wall art vision exercise. The wall art vision exercise or as we call it the WAVE, this was a tool that I designed over a decade ago and the reason why I designed this tool was as we were expanding the studio we started building out this associate program we we hit our seven-figure number and we were kind of like together.

To get much further beyond that, we need associates and we need these associates to actually be able to handle consultations. So we threw them into consultations and what ended up happening was that, well, these photographers would go out and deliver these shoots and the images would look good, but the clients would come back and it wasn't a lot, but it was probably like,

one out of every 10 clients would be unhappy with the photographs that they took. And I thought that's so odd and strange, especially considering like when the partners, when Justin, Chris, or myself, when we did these meetings and we went and did the shoots, everything would go fine. So I really started paying attention to what these associates were saying in those shoots. And I started paying attention to what I was doing.

in those shoots. And what we basically had was associates were very much focused on talking about technical details. Like what is the style? What is the types of images they want created? And my conversation centered around values because I was understanding that like what I'm there to do is create images that they actually value. I know that they don't really care.

care about the technical details that much. So after I saw that, I thought, okay, we need to design a process that anybody can follow to be able to hold somebody in the emotional space to be able to truly understand what it is that they value. Because from that space, they can take those values into the show.

shoot and they can know exactly what images they should create. On top of that, they should be able to close the sale actually much, much better. So once the wall art vision exercise was created, I had to get everybody to actually buy into it. And after they did, the conversions rate shot up. So before that, you know, usually if a partner goes into a sale

session, we'd be able to close 90% of qualified sales if not higher, right? Whereas an associate would be somewhere around like 30-40%. We always found that so strange. As soon as we implemented this, that number shot up to match what we were doing. On top of that, it alleviated. So now it wasn't one in every 10 clients were coming back with a complaint. It was like,

one in every 50 and we're like okay this made a dramatic difference and that's where this idea was born. Now I want to share that with you because whenever I teach the wave, whenever somebody starts learning this process, there's always a bit of resistance there. They resist the idea of it, they don't quite get the philosophy of it and so I want you to

understand kind of the concept and where this came from. What we're really doing with the Wave when we look at the sales process is we're identifying the customer's problem and need. When it comes to a photograph, it's not so much a problem as it is a value, right? That's why we call it a value board because when it comes to photography, this is a luxury service.

So we want these photographs, but it's not like our life is gonna be threatened by not having these photographs. So we can't really qualify it as a need. I have to have this solution. It's not a painkiller per se. It's not a drug that we have to have, but what it is is something that we want, something that's tied to our values.

And that's what the wave is there to do, is to really help you identify an actual set of wants and needs. And so I like to clarify this, because if we talk about needs in a retail sense, right? Like having a car is a need, but having a Bentley is a want. Having a, you know, set of clothes and some sort of a purse and a bag.

Those are needs, right? But then having specifically Louis Vuitton purses and clothes, that's a want. So we need to kind of classify this and understand the differences between these. Photography, it's a luxury. The need side of this, I need to have memories. I need to have these types of images. That's captured with just the phone, okay?

so we already have a device that covers our needs so anything beyond that fits really into the luxury the want space and i know you all know this but it's good to get a little refresh because it it changes the way that we approach the consultation basically and and it kind of gives you an idea of why the wave is so important to understand someone's values because it brings

this with this question of like what do clients actually want and in the past when we were you know first starting the studio what we used for this was the mood board and this is what our associates would use too is we'd have clients pin some images to the mood board and and we'd bring those and we talk about that in the sales consultation what types of images they like and what the

mood board does is well it does a really good job of like defining aesthetics right of defining like what types of looks what types of colors what types of maybe poses more of the technical side of what resonates with them but the question is is even with a mood board of these images do we actually know what the client