at once? Do we know which of these they truly value? Like, they might pin the shoes and the, this shot, oh, we worked on these invitations and we gotta have that photograph, right? We gotta have that. We spent so much time figuring out our details. We spent so much time on the venue design. We gotta have that. But then if I ask the question,

Well, would you print the photograph of the shoes and hang it, like say in your home? Well, no, that's not really an image that I would print. Why? Well, because that's not something that I would value enough to put up on the wall. It would make for a good image in like an album, but not like on my wall.

So what a mood board does is it really helps us to define aesthetics and I'm not saying not to do them. We actually create the mood board in conjunction with the value board, but we have to have the value board. The value board is what defines what they truly want, what they'd be willing to pay for, what they would hang something on.

What type of image does it need to be in order to put it up on their wall? Whereas the mood board defines What do they think is cute? What type of style do they like? Is it more light and airy? Is it more dark and dramatic? What would they post to Instagram? That's what the mood board is helping us with Okay, so after we build a base

basic rapport, that's kind of the steps that you've done thus far, right? It could be a few minutes in person, it could be 30 seconds over the phone. Then we really wanna take them right into the wave. Now, I said you're gonna continue getting to know them through the process of the wave, and what I mean is in person, sometimes people will wanna talk quite a bit, you get to know each other.

It goes well beyond five minutes when it's like an in-person consultation. Right. I generally find that with zoom and especially with phone calls, um, with phone calls, people don't have the patience to go, you know, just, just shoot the shit for, for 10 minutes. Right. They, they want to get into things. Um, same thing with a zoom call. Like it's better than just.

phone call, but still we don't want to be there for 5-10 minutes just getting to know each other. We want to get into it. So the tip I like to give is like look you're going to get to know them as you do the wave with them and during the wave there's always moments to pause and to relate and to kind of share ideas and to understand them more. So don't feel like you know you have to do

all the getting to know them right there up front if we want to, if we should like step into the process a little bit quicker. Okay, so that's the wave. It's this tried-and-true psychological framework to uncover exactly what a client wants and values and to do it consistently because that's really the key, right? How do we do this consistently?

The goal of this is we hold clients in the limbic system. This is where they can share with you their emotions, their values, and an idea of the types of images they'd like to have and things that would be meaningful to them. So we can hold them in that space and that's honestly the same space that we need them to be in when it comes to making a limbic system.

luxury purchase, right? Again, if there is nothing, just think of this for a moment, when it comes to a need, there's plenty of rational thoughts and decisions that go into this, right? Do I need leather or do I not? What would be better for the car?

better. Like am I gonna be sweaty? I probably should get leather. Do I need you know five seats or do we need six seats? Or you know these are all needs right? When it comes to the clothing right? Do I do I need it to be warm? Do I need the purse to have certain pockets? Do I need my backpack to be able to fit this?

With any of these needs, we're talking about a lot of rational justification it would be appropriate in that space. What possible rational justification does anybody have when it comes to the Bentley or when it comes to the Louis Vuitton products? What rational justification is there?

You don't even get a choice of leather or not here. If you're, if you're in doing, you know, if you're an athlete and you're sopping wet coming into the car, the person that buys a Bentley doesn't care. What rational justification is there on either of these sides? The answer is there is none, right? These are emotions.

purchases. A person buys these because of the way that it makes them feel. A person buys these because of the the confidence that they want to convey, a message they want to share with others, or the lifestyle that they're buying into. And all of those decisions, they're not made in the rational space of the brain, in the neocortex.

all those decisions are made in the limbic system. So that's the idea behind the wave is to hold them in this space. So what's important versus what's not important. I'm gonna go through specific mistakes when we hit the wave but for right now as before I just go over

into the actual wave script. I want you to recognize a lot of people get stuck thinking that the wave is all about the one image, the one image that goes on the wall. It's not, okay? It's about getting them to limit their mind so they can describe that one image and then understanding

why they're choosing that image. Why are they describing it the way they are? What are the words that they're using? How are they choosing to describe this image? That's the important part, and that's what we're gonna apply to everything else as we discuss the shoot that we're talking about. But it's not just.

the one image, it's everything surrounding their choice of that image. This is gonna make a lot more sense as we go, but I wanted to preface this so it's on your mind. After you identify these needs and values, this is when you're gonna start thinking naturally of what's gonna be the best fit for them. So we start naturally bridging like.

as they're talking and describing things and as they're saying things, you're gonna naturally get ideas of, okay, I think this would be the right solution. This is the right package. This would be the things that they would very much interest them. And you start developing the value proposition there. Okay. Enough theory. Let's actually show you.

the wave script and framework. Again, I'm going to preface this with something that I said earlier in these modules. I'm giving you scripts. I give you an entire sales handbook. It's not about memorization. It's not about pushing your client through this and just memorizing the words. I don't care about the words. I care about the

the step-by-step process of this. It's the psychological process of this that I don't want you to abandon. But the words themselves, I don't care, make them yours. Now I would say, learn it first, then make it yours as you practice it. And we're just gonna go with that. I'm not gonna belabor or beat a dead horse there.

Okay, so part one. We want to set the stage with this opening that disrupts their thought process. Okay, a disrupter is something that basically makes you pause and go, whoa, what's happening? For example, right now you're so used to me speaking and talking right now. You're so used to me gesturing and doing all this that some of you might even

even kind of be lulled into this sense of like, it's calm, it's quiet. But if I said, fuck, immediately you perk up, and for some reason you're attentive. Like everything that I say within this 30 seconds of having said that word, you're now present and listening to. All because I said a word that you weren't expecting.

Now I apologize, I hope none of you have the speakers loud right now, but idea is a disruptor is anything that disrupts a thought process. So the first opening is, if it's okay with you, I'd like to walk you through a visualization exercise to help me understand what you value when it comes to your photography. I know this might be a little bit odd.

But bear with me for a moment Okay Nobody's asking that question Nobody's saying something like I know this is gonna be a little bit odd or whatever it might be So immediately this is a very gentle way now that the f-bomb disrupter by the way is something that Tony Robbins does so Tony Robbins Will hop on a stage and clap and he'll like if it's so good to be here

and he'll do this like constantly and he'll just randomly drop weird things to disrupt right this is a very gentle what i would say like a creative professionals version of a disruptor we don't need to be tony robbins here and drop f-bombs but nobody's gonna do this so immediately when when someone hears this they're gonna tune in a little bit more like oh this is interesting what is what

What is Carmen about to say right now? And we go to part two. We start to move them into the limbic system. Now, remember the idea that I shared with you earlier, getting somebody to switch from like a neocortex, a rational thought process, to an emotional thought process, this is a one-way road, okay? You're either on this side or you're on this side. It's difficult to.

So when someone is stuck on that rational side, getting them to turn around and think emotionally, it's like trying to turn an 18-wheel truck on a one-way road. You're going to need a lot of little pauses and a lot of stops, and you've got to keep going until we can get that truck going the other way on this road. That's what we're doing here. We're starting to move them into the left lane.

Limbic system. So I want you to imagine your home. It could be your apartment, it could be anywhere, but more specifically, I want you to pick a location where you might hang a frame or a piece of wall art. What you're going to notice as soon as they do that, as soon as they buy and they start imagining their home, is oftentimes their eyes are going

to start kind of going up, they're going to start to think, hmm, they're accessing the limbic system, they're thinking of a memory, they're thinking of, you know, the space, and we're starting to shift their thought process over into this emotional space where we can start getting good answers and start tapping the things that they appreciate. Now, so I said,