That's not good. They're not going to get back to us. So let's go for the close with each and every call. I know it's going to be uncomfortable at first, but again, perfect practice makes perfect. So find your role-playing buddy, practice the four-step close, make sure you can confidently present the solution.

Boldly present price, stop talking and overexplaining, and ask for the close. Okay, so pause here. Make sure you have a role play scheduled, and then you can continue on the next lesson. All right, wrapping up this module, remember that your complete sales handbook, so I have a handbook that I've given you that gives you...

you not only because, you know, following the lectures, it could be difficult to remember the exact things that we're saying and how we're approaching it. So I've given you a handbook. That handbook literally has all of it. It's in your brand and strategy guide. So it's under the resources as well, but it's basically a summary of all the scripts and what I've done as well in this, I'll just go ahead and pull it.

up so you guys can see it. What I've also done in this is I've broken this out to cover kind of all the different psychology we've talked about in case at any point you want to give this to somebody that's going to handle your sales process or if you just want to review it yourself. And then there's also a script and role-playing section here where I kind of give you ideas on how this

changes based on if we're looking at a wedding, if we're looking at boudoir, if we're looking at family maternity pet photography, if it's commercial corporate clients, you know obviously it's gonna shift a little bit there. It's gonna be the same basic principles although some of the words are gonna shift a bit like again going back to that boudoir example it'd be weird to be like which one

One of these naked photographs of you, would you like to hang up on the wall of your home? That doesn't make any sense. So we kind of transpose it into, say, an album, like a boudoir album. We change a little bit of the wording, but this gives you a quick reference guide, and also it's gonna have details on the phone consultations, which we're gonna cover in the next module, as well as objection handling, which we're gonna cover as well.

So use this as a reference to all the material that we've discussed here and holler if you have any questions.