on board, they might be like, well yeah I guess so, if they're not completely on board, that's what I'm gonna go a little bit deeper, well I see that you're not quite convinced, but let me go a little bit further with this, I can take, and this is what a lot of photographers are gonna do, they're gonna come and they're gonna take pretty pictures, maybe something's happening in front of them that they find interesting, it's visually appealing, and they take pictures of that thing, what if it's not something that you actually would.

want or appreciate it's entirely possible to take beautiful images of things that you don't care about isn't it they agree to that that's what I mean that's what I mean by isn't it important that I know exactly what you appreciate in value so I can bring my creative view my angle my my ideas to the things that are actually meaningful to you that's as much of my style as anything else as the colors

or the camera that I use or the way that I light, this is what I bring to my clients. There's always room to help them understand something if they're hung up, and I want you to recognize that. It's not about going to the next step when they're stuck on the prior one. Help them work through each step of this to get to the next place. Okay, now here's the thing. Knowing how to do the wave, like what you know.

here versus actually doing the wave are two completely different things. Every single person that does this sucks at it at the beginning. Okay. You're going to suck at it, which is also why we do role plays, because even when you're good at this, even with our members that have been here for a year that know this, when you're put under pressure, you're going to suck at it again. That's why we do it. I'm going to encourage you to stick with this. As you get better and better with this process, you're

the entire world is gonna open up to you in a way that you didn't think possible. Because you're not just learning how to sell, you're learning to actually communicate with someone on a deeper level. To communicate to their values, not simply at a surface level of what is it that they want. So stick with this. I would also encourage you to make sure that you watch, I've highlighted specific role play examples that are in the lesson material. I want you to watch those in their entirety. There's some beautiful examples in there.

including one where, for any of you that are like, man, what do I do when I'm stuck, where I keep getting all these different things coming up, all these different objections, interruptions, everything. I did one with Meredith that it was such a great role play, and we found out later that she's an actress, it's such a great role play that it's now gonna be in the lesson material. Afterwards, we did one with Tommy, we did one with Alessandra, there were such good role plays of how we get hung up, how we get stuck on things that I made.

those officially part of the material and I don't want you to skip them. They're so valuable. So please make sure to check those out and you'll find them as you go through lesson by lesson, just automatically, I've already kind of put them where they need to go, but I want you to understand that when it comes to the wave, when it comes to sales, perfect practice makes perfect. You now understand what the process looks like. Now we can actually go and practice it until we can perfect the process. So find a buddy within our community. I want you to hop.

on Zoom, and I want you to do this, to practice this. You can even record those sessions through Zoom. Make sure that you can both basically get through this checklist. You can break the ice and establish rapport quickly. You can smoothly transition in the wave. You can effortlessly guide them through the wave, even if they have hangups. And you can understand what they want and value and apply it to the solution that you're offering to them. Make sure you can do those steps. When you've got that down, then I would say you've got this process down, and you're checking.

off and good to go. Okay so I actually have that little assignment here. Pause, go ahead and find a roleplay buddy and it doesn't have to be like right this second. I mean find the buddy right this second but schedule the call. At least schedule the call for roleplay. Okay let's go on.