Someone buys these because of the confidence that they want to convey, a message they want to share with others, or the lifestyle that they're buying into. And all of those decisions, they're not made in the rational space of the brain, in the neocortex. All those decisions are made in the limbic system. So that's the idea behind the wave, is to hold them in this space. So what's important versus what's not important? I'm going to go...

go through specific mistakes when we hit the wave, but for right now, as before I just go into the actual wave script, I want you to recognize a lot of people get stuck thinking that the wave is all about the one image, the one image that goes on the wall. It's not, okay? It's about getting them to limit their mind so they can describe that one image and then understanding why they're choosing that image. Why are they describing it the way they are?

What are the words that they're using? How are they choosing to describe this image? That's the important part, and that's what we're gonna apply to everything else as we discuss the shoot that we're talking about. But it's not just the one image, it's everything surrounding their choice of that image. This is gonna make a lot more sense as we go, but I wanted to preface this so it's on your mind. After you identify these needs and values, this is when you're gonna start thinking naturally.

what's gonna be the best fit for them. So we start naturally bridging like as they're talking and describing things and as they're saying things you're gonna naturally get ideas of okay I think this would be the right solution this is the right package this would be the things that they would very much interest them and you start developing the value proposition there. Okay enough theory let's actually show you the wave script and framework. Again I'm gonna preface this with something that I said

earlier in these modules. I'm giving you scripts. I give you an entire sales handbook. It's not about memorization. It's not about pushing your client through this and just memorizing the words. I don't care about the words. I care about the step-by-step process of this. It's the psychological process of this that I don't want you to abandon. But the words themselves, I don't care. Make them yours. Now I would say learn it first, then make it yours as you practice it and and we're just

gonna go with that. I'm not gonna belabor or beat a dead horse there. Okay, so part one. We want to set the stage with this opening that disrupts their thought process. Okay, a disruptor is something that basically makes you pause and go whoa what's happening. For example, right now you're so used to me speaking and talking right now. You're so used to me gesturing and doing all this that some of you might even kind of be lulled into this sense of like it's calm, it's quiet. But if I said

immediately you perk up and for some reason, you're attentive. Like everything that I say within this 30 seconds of having said that word, you're now present and listening to. All because I said a word that you weren't expecting. Now I apologize, I hope none of you have the speakers loud right now. But idea is a disruptor is anything that disrupts a thought process. So the first opening is, if it's okay with you, I'd like to walk you through a visualization exercise to help me understand.

and what you value when it comes to your photography. I know this might be a little bit odd, but bear with me for a moment, okay? Nobody's asking that question. Nobody's saying something like, I know this is gonna be a little bit odd or whatever it might be. So immediately, this is a very gentle way. Now the F-bomb disrupter, by the way, is something that Tony Robbins does. So Tony Robbins will hop on a stage and clap and he'll be like, F, it's so good to be here. And he'll do this like constantly. And he'll just randomly drop weird things to disrupt, right? This is a very.

Very gentle, what I would say like a creative professional's version of a disruptor. We don't need to be Tony Robbins here and drop F-bombs. But nobody's going to do this. So immediately when someone hears this, they're going to tune in a little bit more like, oh, this is interesting. What is Carmen about to say right now? And we go to part two. We start to move them into the limbic system. Now remember the idea that I shared with you earlier, getting somebody to switch from like a neocortex, a rational thought process to an emotional thought process. This is a one-way.

road, okay? You're either on this side or you're on this side. It's difficult to cross over. So when someone is stuck on that rational side, getting them to turn around and think emotionally, it's like trying to turn an 18-wheel truck on a one-way road. You're going to need a lot of little pauses and a lot of stops, and you got to keep going until we can get that truck going the other way on this road. That's what we're doing here. We're starting to move them into the limbic system. So I want you to imagine your home. It could be your apartment. It could be any

But more specifically I want you to pick a location where you might hang a frame or a piece of wall art Okay What you're gonna notice as soon as you you they do that as soon as they buy and they start imagining their home is Oftentimes their eyes are gonna start kind of going up. They're gonna start to think hmm. They're accessing the limbic system They're thinking of a memory They're thinking of you know They're the space and we're starting to shift their thought process over into this emotional space where we can start getting good answers and start tapping the things

that they appreciate now so I say this because I often get asked like why do we specifically want to imagine their home that's why because we want to start this process of of turning the truck right one of the common things they might say there is like oh well we're moving into a new place we don't know where yet that's okay like just just work around it say oh it's okay why don't you think of the space you're in now and just think of a spot where you might hang something in your in your current home or your current

apartment. It's okay they're gonna say things and they're gonna be like oh they're gonna take things very literally help them work past it. Okay once they respond we kind of play a little bit deeper into that vision right so we would say okay so what space are you thinking of now if you're doing this as a couple I would let them know we don't have to be thinking about the same spot so if you want to hang in a different spot if she wants to hang it that's totally fine. They give you the idea of where it is and let's say that they say it's the

room above the couch okay I would say something like this all right so let's imagine the living room space above the couch I don't know maybe that's like eight feet wide is that a good guess it doesn't have to be exact the reason why I'm saying that is because I say is is oh tell me how you know how big is that wall they're gonna immediately go back to neocortex thinking right they're gonna need me to go back like oh well we're gonna need to measure that and we'll get back to you no I just want to guess right so

I would imagine that's roughly eight feet. It doesn't have to be exact. Is that about right? Okay. We wait for the confirmation. Then we go a little bit more. We start setting a little bit of anchors. We start creating some limitations as well. Now, the anchor that we're gonna set is actually a price anchor to help them understand where our pricing is and to see if there's any major objections right there because that'll clue us in in terms of is this client potentially qualified, right? So I would say something like, okay, so I have a question, but there are a few things that I want you to keep in mind before I.

I ask you this question, okay? First, a professionally printed and framed image in that space, let's say it's gonna be like a 30 by 40, that might cost, say, $2,000 if you were to print that through the studio, okay? The price isn't something that I want you to focus on right now, because there's no commitment right now. You don't need to buy anything right now. I just want you to know that this is gonna be an investment, essentially. Now, if you are offering digitals, like for us with our.

weddings, we charge everything up front, so it's an upfront model, right? Then I would add this next line. If you're doing IPS and you're charging in the reveal, don't do this line, just give them the price anchor and that's it, right? And for an IPS person, they might, I'll give you a version of that line, but for the upfront person, I would say, you know, the price isn't too important because you could print this on your own, you could have it framed on your own, but that's still gonna be an investment, right? Because now you're spending your time and your money to get this done right and to get.

it up onto your wall. So what I'm trying to get at is whether you do it through my studio, whether you do it on your own, this is gonna be investment. Does that make sense? Okay now if this is the IPS version I would say okay that's we're gonna imagine a frame print right now but this isn't something that you have to buy. Honestly we have a lot of different types of collections, we can do albums, we can do a lot of different things. For right now though let's just imagine we're gonna create a print that goes up on the wall.

Keep in mind, I gave you a sales handbook that's going to have different versions of this based on what type of service that you're offering, okay? So reference that, please, because in boudoir, you wouldn't say, we're going to hang up a naked picture of you on the wall, right? That would just make no sense whatsoever. So there's a different, the slight modifications there depending on what it is that you're doing. So next, I'm going to say this, so we kind of create a little more limitations, right? And if they, if they push back.