Confidently presenting the four step close. Okay, so now we're here. So we've presented how the solution fits and really this bridges quite quickly directly into the close. Meaning like after I've said, you know, okay, this is why I think this would be the right collection. This is how it fits. It would allow me to do this based on what you've said. I think you would appreciate this. We move directly to the close, right? So there's no other pause. There's no gap between there. We're done.

We don't go on a tangent and shoot the shit on other stuff. We go directly into it. And I want you to permit yourself to be bold when we do this. You're asking for simply an exchange of value for value. Money is not a bad thing. Okay. The four step close. Be bold. Let them decide on what they want versus need. And you're going to get out of your own way. So here's how we're going to do it. We present the price of the solution. We create a genuine sense of urgency. And I'm going to say, I'll make this one optional for you. Although I like it. You're.

You're gonna ask for their payment method, and then you're gonna shut the hell up, okay? So what it looks like. Step one, present the price. You're gonna keep it simple. The more words, the more desperate you're gonna come off. So based on all this, and so we've said, based on what it is that you want and all this, I think this package, I think this collection would be a really great fit. This is why, and what we can do is always, you know, add some upgrades. And I am recommending this. Okay, once we finish that.

Then, we simply move to the total cost of this comes out to $12,500, $6,200, $4,800. I don't care what the number is. The total cost of the package comes out to this amount, okay? This is step one, presenting the price. We've already done the solution part. We just present the price. Step two, this is your optional step. I like doing this because it's honest. I'm busy.

I want them to know that. I don't wanna pressure you. Your date does have a number of other inquiries. This is actually my calendar. This is my actual calendar. What you're seeing on the red and blue, those are actually bookings and leads. So the blue are leads that have come in, the red are actual bookings. So for that Saturday, we already have several bookings and there's eight others that are kind of inquiring about that date. I don't wanna pressure you, I just wanna you have a real.

view of the clients that are coming in or the potential leads that are coming in. Okay, so what I want you to do coming out of this for a second, what I want you to do with your calendar is you should be adding all your lead inquiries to your calendar. You should be adding all the booking dates to your calendar. You should be adding all of your personal events to your calendar and you should be adding your daily schedule to your calendar. Your calendar should look like a complete cluster F because honestly it is and you should also be blocking out your working time. Your time is meaningful.

Create a calendar that looks like your time is meaningful, because it is. Now, if this makes you uncomfortable, then okay, you don't have to do the calendar. If you don't have leads coming in, if you don't wanna fill this thing out, that's fine. You could always simplify it to, well, okay, no pressure. I do work on a first-come, first-served basis, and I'd love to lock down your shoot, and that's your urgency statement. If you...

If you hate that, which I would again urge you to get over it, because you need to treat your time as worth something, as valuable. If you hate it for right now, I'll let you skip it for right now. You can skip the urgency step, but I like it. The total cost of your package, I don't want to pressure you, your date does have a few other inquiries, and I want to get you guys booked so we can kind of get it locked in on the calendar. Thank you.

one for those dates. So, this is the line. Would you like to pay with cash or credit? If you don't take cash, don't ask for cash, okay? If it's credit, if it's check, I don't care what it is. But that's the line. Would you like to pay your deposit via cash or credit? That's it. Then we stop talking. I have to specifically put this as a step because I know how many of us F this up, including myself.

Do you know how many times I have lost thousands of dollars because I don't stop talking? I present the price. The very first time I did this when my partner called it out, I was like, would you guys like to pay with cash or credit? And if you needed to make any adjustments, we can do that. What? And Justin just looks at me like, what's wrong with you? What is wrong? He looked like he wanted to reach across the table and strangle me when I did that.

We all do this. We make the ask and then we say something afterwards. So I have to make this a specific step. You're not gonna say something like, what do you guys think? Actually, I can discount this a bit more. I really wanna work with you guys, so what if this? Or actually, how about this? You're simply gonna make the ask. I need you to get comfortable allowing them to object because as you're gonna learn in the actual module and in the role play examples, objections give us a place to go. Objections allow us to resolve things.

before they leave the phone, have those objections, and then go somewhere else. I need them to be there on the phone for those objections so we can address them. And believe me, objections are a positive thing. They're not a stopping point in the conversation, they're a place to go in the conversation. The stopping point in the conversation is, uh-huh, that sounds good, we're gonna get back to you. That's not good, they're not gonna get back to us.

so let's go for the close with each and every call I know it's gonna be uncomfortable at first but again perfect practice makes perfect so find your role-playing buddy practice the four-step close make sure you can confidently present the solution boldly present price stop talking and over-explaining and ask for the close okay so pause here make sure you have a role-play scheduled and then you can continue on the next lesson

you