Okay, so now we're getting even more tactical. We're gonna hit the specific wall art vision exercise. The wall art vision exercise, or as we call it, the WAVE. This was a tool that I designed over a decade ago. And the reason why I designed this tool was as we were expanding the studio, we started building out this associate program. We hit our seven figure number and we were kind of like to get much further beyond that, we need associates and we need these associates that we actually be able to handle consultation.

So we threw them into consultations and what ended up happening was that, well, these photographers would go out and deliver these shoots and the images would look good, but the clients would come back and it wasn't a lot, but it was probably like one out of every ten clients would be unhappy with the photographs that they took. And I thought that's so odd and strange, especially considering like when the partners, when Justin, Chris, or myself, when we did these meetings and went and did the shoots, everything would go fine. So I really started paying attention to what these associates were

were saying in those shoots. And I started paying attention to what I was doing in those shoots. And what we basically had was, associates were very much focused on talking about technical details. Like what is the style? What is the types of images they want created? And my conversation centered around values. Because I was understanding that like, what I'm there to do is create images that they actually value. I know that they don't really care about the technical details that much. So after I saw that, I thought, okay, we need.

to design a process that anybody can follow to be able to hold somebody in the emotional space to be able to truly understand what it is that they value. Because from that space, they can take those values into the shoot and they can know exactly what images they should create. On top of that, they should be able to close the sale actually much, much better. So once the wall art vision exercise was created, I had to get everybody to actually buy into it. And after they did, the conversions.

reach shot up. So before that, you know, usually if a partner goes into a sales session, we'd be able to close 90% of qualified sales, if not higher, right? Whereas an associate would be somewhere around like 30, 40%. We always found that so strange. As soon as we implemented this, that number shot up to match what we were doing on top of that, it alleviated. So now it wasn't one in every 10 clients were coming back with a complaint. It was like one in every 50 and we're like, okay, this made a dramatic difference. And that's where this.

idea was born. Now, I want to share that with you because whenever I teach the wave, whenever somebody starts learning this process, there's always a bit of resistance there. They resist the idea of it, they don't quite get the philosophy of it, and so I want you to understand kind of the concept and where this came from. What we're really doing with the wave when we look at the sales process is we're identifying the customer's problem and need. When it comes to a photograph, it's not so much a problem as it is a value, right? That's why we call it a value board.

because when it comes to photography, this is a luxury service. So we want these photographs, but it's not like our life is gonna be threatened by not having these photographs. So we can't really qualify it as a need. I have to have this solution. It's not a painkiller per se. It's not a drug that we have to have, but what it is is something that we want, something that's tied to our values. And that's what the wave is there to do, is to really help you identify an actual set of wants and needs.

And so I like to clarify this, because if we talk about needs in a retail sense, right? Like having a car is a need, but having a Bentley is a want. Having a set of clothes and some sort of a purse and a bag, those are needs, right? But then having specifically Louis Vuitton purses and clothes that's a want. So we need to kind of classify this and understand the differences between these. Photography, it's a luxury. The need side of this, I need to have memory.

I need to have these types of images that's captured with just the phone. Okay, so we already have a device that covers our needs So anything beyond that fits really into the luxury the want space and I know you all know this but it's good to get a little refresh because it it changes the way that we approach the Consultation basically and and it kind of gives you an idea of why the wave is so important to understand someone's values Because it brings us with this question of like what do clients actually want and in the past when we were you

you know, first star in the studio, what we used for this was the mood board. And this is what our associates would use too, is we'd have clients pin some images to the mood board and we'd bring those and we'd talk about that in the sales consultation, what types of images they like. And what the mood board does is, well, it does a really good job of like defining aesthetics, right? Of defining like what types of looks, what types of colors, what types of maybe poses, more of the technical side of what resonates with them. But the question is, is.

even with a mood board, of these images, do we actually know what the client wants? Do we know which of these they truly value? Like, they might pin the shoes and the, this shot, oh, we worked on these invitations and we gotta have that photograph, right? We gotta have that. We spent so much time figuring out our details. We spent so much time on the venue design. We gotta have that. But then if I ask the question, well, would you print the photograph of the shoes and hang it, like say, in your home?

Well, no, that's not really an image that I would print. Why? Well, because that's not something that I would value enough to put up on the wall. It would make for a good image in like an album, but not like on my wall. So what a mood board does is it really helps us to define aesthetics. And I'm not saying not to do them. We actually create the mood board in conjunction with the value board. But we have to have the value board. The value board is what defines what.

they truly want, what they'd be willing to pay for, what they would hang something, what type of image does it need to be in order to put it up on their wall? Whereas the mood board defines what do they think is cute? What type of style do they like? Is it more light and airy? Is it more dark and dramatic? What would they post to Instagram? That's what the mood board is helping us with. Okay, so after we build a basic rapport, that's kind of the steps that you've done thus far, right? It could be a few minutes in person, it could be 30 seconds over the phone.

own, then we, we really want to take them right into the wave. Now, um, yeah, I said, you're, you're going to continue getting to know them through the process of the wave. And what I mean is, is in person, sometimes people will want to talk quite a bit. You get to know each other. Sometimes it goes well beyond five minutes when it's like an in-person consultation. Right. I generally find that with zoom and especially with phone calls, um, with phone calls, people don't have the patience to go, you know, just, just shoot the shit for, for 10 minutes. Right. They, they want to get.

into things. Same thing with a Zoom call. It's better than just a phone call, but still we don't wanna be there for five, 10 minutes just getting to know each other. We wanna get into it. So the tip I like to give is like, look, you're going to get to know them as you do the wave with them. And during the wave, there's always moments to pause and to relate and to kind of share ideas and to understand them more. So don't feel like you have to do all the getting to know them right there up front if we should like step into the process.

a little bit quicker. Okay, so that's the wave. It's this tried and true psychological framework to uncover exactly what a client wants and values and to do it consistently because that's really the key, right? How do we do this consistently? The goal of this is we hold clients in the limbic system. This is where they can share with you their emotions, their values, and an idea of the types of images they'd like to have and things that would be meaningful to them. So we can hold them in that space and that's honestly.

the same space that we need them to be in when it comes to making a luxury purchase, right? Again, if there is nothing, just think of this for a moment, when it comes to a need, there's plenty of rational thoughts and decisions that go into this, right? Do I need leather or do I not? What would be better for the car? What would be better? Like, am I going to be sweaty? I probably should get leather. Do I need, you know, five seats?

or do we need six seats or you know these are all needs right when it comes to the clothing right do I do I need it to be warm do I need the purse to have certain pockets do I need my backpack to be able to fit this with any of these needs we're talking about a lot of rational justification it would be appropriate in that space what possible rational justification does anybody have when it comes to the Bentley or when it comes to the Louis Vuitton product

What rational justification is there? You don't even get a choice of leather or not here. If you're in doing, you know, if you're an athlete and you're sopping wet, coming into the car, the person that buys a Bentley doesn't care. What rational justification is there on either of these sides? The answer is there is none, right? These are emotional purchases. A person buys these because of the way that it makes them feel. A person.