Okay, it is time for pricing and package design. This module is a meaty one. We're gonna cover a lot of stuff here. The primary topics and pain points that we're gonna be going through is, what am I worth? Like, what is this, well, these are kind of mindset topics. These are fear, self-doubts, we're gonna be talking about that. When I should start charging, again, similar thing. But we're also gonna get into very tactical areas, like specifically, how should I price my packages? What should I put in?

into those packages, how do I design them? How do I take in consideration competitors? And along this way, I'm gonna give you a lot of ideas, but I'm also gonna give you very specific tools that actually do the heavy lifting for you, okay? So we'll have lots of guidance on that. We'll talk about when you should raise prices, how you should raise prices, we'll talk about if you're leaving money on the table, when do you send out pricing sheets, we're gonna design your price guides, everything. And then at the end of this, we're even gonna conclude with some bonus topics where.

I kind of help you to develop some financial literacy components that I think are critical pieces as professionals in the space of photography. So really two main components that I noticed that a lot of photographers are missing in their kind of financial toolkit. Let's get right into this because there is a lot to talk about. Once again, heads up, this is gonna be fast-paced. So I believe that education needs to be quick and simple to make it effective, to make it something that you can implement. So feel free to pause.

to any point in time, take time to implement and then repeat the process. If you're going through this course for a second or a third time, you're gonna pick up that much more as you do. So come back to the material, review it. Remember between sessions as well that you have the mentorship group to ask questions. It's a great place to seek feedback from your peers. It's also an awesome place just to share wins and aha moments as well. And I'm in there of course answering questions also. Let's dive right into the first lesson. Go to Beadaholique.com for all of your beading supply needs!