than when it's presented, it's at a best, better, good option. Okay, this is what I, this is the best, this is the next up, and so what we end up with is most people are gonna go with a desired sell. Now, three options are kind of ideal. I would say four max, and where four would make sense is let's say that you have like an MVP, maybe this is like for smaller weddings, right? And smaller weddings might be six hours or eight hours or smaller events or anything. But what if there's a

specific type of event that's very small, right? Like an elopement where it's just two hours or three hours or something like that. Then a smaller like kind of base package might make sense where you have a fourth package that's literally just for a very special instance. And the example that I gave here is elopement but it could really be anything. But I would say for most people that are designing inclusive models, three packages is fine. What we're really also doing with the package design is we're creating a...

because what I'm going to tell you in a bit is you're not going to really show these to clients. We don't want to be sending out pricing guides until it's like a last resort. What we're doing with this is we're creating a very simple point of reference for us so that during the sales session, when we're actually in the consult, we have an easy way to bounce between one package to the next, to understand our pricing and go, hey, package two is going to be perfect for them. They might just need a couple more hours and so I can do that in my head.

And I can already have the price point figured out. So I don't have to go and like create these things from the ground up. We want to be able to quote and close on the actual consult. We don't want to end the conversation, put together a full quote and then send it over to them. Okay. So the, the real benefit of having these packages is having something that not only makes sense, that's tied to exactly what they want, what they need, but also being able to quickly navigate your pricing in action during an actual sales consult.

Okay, but that's the idea behind this general three or four package design. I wouldn't recommend more than four, and four is really just if you need it, right? Three is kind of like the ideal place, it keeps things very simple. Anything more than four and we start getting into like decision paralysis, we start kind of really not knowing necessarily what to put in these packages. We're kind of just guessing, usually when it goes beyond four. So what we're going to talk about in a little bit is we want each of these packages to be solution-free.

focused, I'll tell you about what that means in just a second. We're going to dive a little bit deeper. But for right now, let's go on the next lesson. Okay, specifics. What do I put into each package? So this is the next piece that I want to talk about. I need you to think solutions. Okay, I'm going to give you a thought to go along with this. I'm going to give you a case study to go along with this, but every package should be a solution that's designed for a specific client need.

We are not creating just packages that are just random collections of bullshit, okay? That is not what a package is, that is not what a, and by the way, I sometimes say packages, I sometimes say collections, these words can be used synonymously, okay? Just a grouping of products that fits a customer need. But what does it mean to think of these packages or collections as solutions? One of my one-on-one coaching clients, okay, is a physical therapy business.

And they sell packages that are like 10 visits, 20 visits, or 40 visits. And in our first consult, the first thing that I asked is, what problem does each of these packages solve? Like you have one that's 10 visits, one that's 20 visits, one that's 40 visits. I go, who are the majority of your clients? And he says, well, they're ACL repairs. Like so ACL repairs people that wanna get back to sport. I go, okay, which one of these packages?

would give them the right number of visits to actually get to that place. And he goes, actually, they would need like 60 visits probably for like a basic, for ACL repair to go from like repair back to, you know, return to sport, they'd probably need like 60 visits. And my first thought is how do you not have a package that's 60 visits, right? If that's what I need, if that's what solves my problem, why aren't you selling that? So what?

has in these three packages is a random collection of bullshit. Because what is 10 packages actually solve? What is 10 visits? Sorry, 10 visits solves nothing. I go, who comes in and only needs 10 visits? And he's like, well, you know, if someone has like a minor issue that they just want to like kind of work on, then maybe 10 visits would be, but even then I'd probably say 20 visits should be the base. Well, then we should be selling a 20 visit package. That's the base for what we're selling.

That's, that's the MVP and he goes, man, I never thought about it. Okay, then we should do 20, 40 and 60. And I go, okay, immediately you stop leaving money on the table because now we're not selling 10, 20 and 40. Now we're selling almost double across the board. Right. And we're actually solving a problem. So when someone comes in, they go, well, why would I want package the third package? Well, I'm not even going to show them the packages. My next thing was, okay, we call package 60. Reach ACL return.

sport. Okay? Like this is how many visits you need in general and we don't say like we don't guarantee it but we just say in general most people need 60 visits to be able to return to sport from these injuries. That's the thing that you're dealing with right now. So that's the package I'd like to present to you. So you tell them which one is the best fit based on their need. I want you to take that same mindset into what we're doing here. What we're doing here is creating solutions for their issues.

The issue is, I need an elopement package, okay? What would be the solution for that? Well, I'm going to get the right amount of hours, the right amount of coverage. I'm going to get, you know, do I need another shooter? Do I need like, what do I need? If I want a lifestyle family session, what are the components you need to be able to deliver that at an MVP level, like the base level, right? We think of the product, the service that we're trying to deliver, and what we need to...

to get there, and then we simply break it out into multiple steps. So that's what we're gonna do here. Your MVP, this is your minimum viable product. I want you to start here, okay? And remember, this is not a shitty package that nobody's gonna want. It's not a package that somebody's forced to have to upgrade. We're not trying to, you know, if you bought a car and that car didn't come with wheels and they were like, hey, you just bought a car, would you like to have wheels with it? You'd be really pissed.

off, right? Like, of course I want wheels in my car. Do not build a package that's missing wheels. The MVP is not a bad package. It's simply the minimum package that you would need to deliver a good service. So if we were speaking about weddings, maybe, and this is going to be different for each of you, right? Because I might say I could deliver, you know, ceremony coverage only in a decent wedding and get all the stuff I need in four hours. Some people might say six.

Lanny and Erica, my friends of Two Man, they would say, we only have one package because to deliver the service that I want, that we wanna deliver, we gotta be there basically all day. So this has to do with the way that you wanna deliver your experience, right? But if we're looking at a three-package structure, it might be six hours of wedding coverage. Maybe it's just a lead photographer only. It's just the basics, right? High-resolution images and an album credit. The thing is with credits, people are generally.

wise to credits so putting in an album credit you need to make sure that if you and if you do put print credits into these make sure that they know that they cannot remove them to get discounts there's no cash value to those credits and truly if you really want to sell albums you just need to build them into all the packages including the MVP okay so maybe we have like some sort of a limited album that's built into the MVP but look on a portrait side

Let's say that my clients are content creators. They're people that own their own brand. They are personal brands, right? So what is a 30-minute session solve for them? Or what is the problem, before I even think about what to put in this session, what is the problem I'm trying to solve? Well, a lot of content creators need just a few basic images to put on their website and on their social media profile. How many images? Okay, maybe one like on their website, one like on their about page, on their landing page, about page, one for their social media profile.

profile and maybe like a couple headshots that they can use in different places. Okay, that's five images. So I build my base package to be that minimal like content creator, starter package, the starter kit. It's solving that specific need. Okay. And it's doing it at a baseline level. Hopefully this is making sense now. Then we go to the next package. This is the better, the middle of the road package. This is your ideal sell. This should.

be designed to include all of their primary wants and needs. So it's kind of like, what are the majority of clients coming to you and asking you for, if we were thinking about that brand portrait for content creators, right? Maybe the most of them come in, they're like, I just need, like, I need a couple hours where you just follow me around and create different lifestyle images. I need, I need like 30, 40 images for newsletters for different things that I can use, uh, across the next two, three months. So this package is designed to solve that need.