is if I'm running a portrait business, I'm gonna choose an IPS business model. It's just the best way to deliver value in the process and to find clients that really appreciate the photography experience. If we're talking wedding or event, I would choose inclusive. And a big part of this has to really do with not fighting the psychology that comes in these spaces. Like in the wedding and event spaces, the trained psychology and what everybody's doing, the general practice.

is that they're charging up front for the service. So to do something different in that space is basically to go against the grain. And I'm really a proponent of kind of following the psychology that's already kind of dominating in a space, okay? And just simply charging what you feel would be appropriate in that area. All right. So this module itself, we're really gonna be focusing, when we talk about package pricing, like designing collections with multiple items and things.

It's really designed for inclusive-based models, okay? For IPS pricing and overall workflow, I have a IPS booster module. That's where I want you to refer to. That being said, if you are gonna do IPS, I don't want you to completely skip this module. I want you to pay, like check out all the areas of this module that speak about mindset because all those things are identical. I want you to catch the bonus areas. I want you to understand financial literacy and even understanding, you know, package development.

helpful. I'm just going to say when we build out pricing and package design specifically, that really only applies to inclusive. Because on the IPS side, if you're doing in-person sales, there really isn't like a package that we would sell to everybody, right? Because everybody's needs are gonna be different. Some people would want wall art, some people want an album, some people want 20 pages in the albums, others want 30. There really isn't like a one-size-fits-all package or even three packages that we could sell. It's very much custom.

for each person. So generally with IPS we're building out all a cart and we might include collection pricing where if they bundle certain things at certain price points they get a collection price. They get a little bit of a discount that comes along with it but we don't do like pre-designed packages with that model. So anything in this module that's really pre-designed packages that's just going to only apply to inclusive based models. Okay there's one question that popped in.

that I think is a relevant question, which is like with IPS, if you have a higher session fee, would you include part of it as like a print credit? And this is an optional thing to you. Again, we'll talk more about this stuff specifically in the IPS booster module. That's where I want you to go for all this. But just to give a quick answer on that, it kind of depends. You can offer a print credit with it, or you can simply say prints and everything is not included. That's totally fine as well. I've seen it both ways. There's not really a.

super valuable thing to having a print credit because people generally know that if you're offering a print credit that your prices are high. They're kind of trained and aware on that at this point. So it's not like, you know, they're like, oh, this is a big thing for me. Okay, that's it for this little kind of primer on these two models. Let's go ahead and dive into this module further with the next lesson and continue with this process of kind of building out our pricing and packages. There we go.

of mindset topic and really big question that I get a lot is when should I start charging money for my services? There's this fear or self doubt that's attached to this. Sometimes it's I'm not good enough to charge money or other times it's kind of nobody's going to pay me to do this. Like we, we kind of doubt our ability to actually earn in this space. There are times when this might be attached to something realistic. Like it could be that, you know, your, your work is just not good.

enough yet, like legitimately it's not at an average professional level yet and where that self-doubt, where that fear is justified and in which case we need to improve our quality of imagery, we need to improve our service to the point where it doesn't have to be award winning but it needs to be an average professional level. So I would say if this fear, if this self-doubt is rooted in something logical then it's pointing you to like this is where some of my effort needs to go. But more often than not, I'd probably say like 4 out of 5.

five times this fear self-doubt has really nothing to do with somebody's quality of work more often than not I see someone that's that's creating great work and yet they still feel this way this imposter syndrome kind of steps in so I want to make this a little bit more simple for for you I want to say look to answer the question of should I charge it's as simple as this do you offer a professional service and the way that I would define that is this you have a decent camera and lens system doesn't need to be anything crazy you have in

or backup, you have average pro level imagery, and we'll talk about that in a second, and you have a workflow with data safety. If you have these four basics, then yes, you should most definitely be charging something for your services. When we're starting out, that something can be a little bit lower, but I want you to get in the habit of actually charging something, and then we're gonna keep raising that over time. Now, what is average pro level imagery? What I mean by this is that the images that you're taking are...

would be the average of what a professional would take. And I don't mean like an established professional, I mean the average professional photographer would take images like this, okay? So it's a step beyond what someone could do on their own with just their phones. So what does that mean? That means it's, you know, decently exposed, they're consistent, you know, okay compositions, okay posing, that's an average professional level. You should be charging something at that point.

Okay, granted with time that's gonna continue improving and we're gonna get to keep raising prices. But I need you to start charging because the only way to kind of start developing confidence and start really actually accepting this value exchange that I'm gonna deliver my service for money, the only way to develop confidence in that is to actually start charging for your work. And the confidence is gonna come with time as we do so. But we have to start. The key to really charging money is just.

Always being a value for the price if you're always delivering more than what you're asking for then It's really not a big issue is it if you're always delivering more than you know internally you can be confident because hey I'm I'm I'm charging them 500 bucks, but I'm delivering them a service that would cost $1,000 So look you're just gonna charge X for a service that's worth 2x and then you can always rest easy with that idea. Okay? But I need to start charging money

for these services. All right, that's it from a mindset standpoint. Let's jump to the next lesson. Next question, what should I charge? This is where we need to get kind of pretty specific, okay? There's this mindset issue, and I almost say that this is a self-limiting belief of like know your worth. I have issues with this statement because more often than not, I see it thrown around in a very arrogant manner. And so what I.

want to say to the idea of know your worth is is kind of kind of okay kind of know your worth the the bottom line is that you're worth what people are willing to pay and and that's it okay the the place where I don't like this thought is when it's used arrogantly and what I mean there's a difference between arrogance and confidence and the way that I would describe these two things is arrogance is an unjustified level of confidence

that comes with no evidence. There's no experience, there's no nothing that backs it up. It's just like, I'm worth $5,000 a day. So I'm not gonna go and do anything. That's my get out of bed rate. You gotta know your worth. So I'm not gonna work with anybody unless it's at least $5,000. And I'm like, so do you get a lot of clients that book you at 5,000? Well, no, that's just what I'm worth. That is arrogance. That is, there is no justification for this, okay? But if you're saying, no.

My get out of bed rate is $5,000 because that is literally what my clients pay me and if I lower my price, I'm going to have too much business, like too much people are going to ask me to shoot with them. That's confidence backed with evidence. So that to me is the difference. Arrogance is without evidence. Confidence is with evidence. So I do want you to know your worth, but I don't want this to stand in the way of taking lower end jobs if that's what you're looking for.

where you're at in your career. Because I have another belief that I pair along with this. There's a simple truth bomb that I'd like to give you, which is in my honest opinion, you're better off shooting a low-budget client versus sitting there in front of your computer waiting for a person that's willing to pay what you're worth. If you're not busy, you're better off taking a lower-budget job than just sitting around waiting for something more. Because at least in doing so, you're improving your skillset, you're going out and building your network,

meeting people, you're creating portfolio images, you're creating content, you're creating material to continue building your business as opposed to just sitting around. So I want this to be the contextual background for everything that we talk about as we move forward. Which brings us to, okay, well, so how much, Pi? How much do I charge? And I have to say that this depends, what you charge depends on your customer demand, it depends on the service experience we're developing, brand recognition, your artistic development. As.