Okay, it is time for pricing and package design. This module is a meaty one. We're gonna cover a lot of stuff here. The primary topics and pain points that we're gonna be going through is, what am I worth? Like, what is this, well, these are kind of mindset topics. These are fear, self-doubts, we're gonna be talking about that, when I should start charging, again, similar thing, but we're also gonna get into very tactical areas, like specifically, how should I price my packages? What should I put in?

into those packages, how do I design them? How do I take in consideration competitors? And along this way, I'm gonna give you a lot of ideas, but I'm also gonna give you very specific tools that actually do the heavy lifting for you, okay? So we'll have lots of guidance on that. We'll talk about when you should raise prices, how you should raise prices, we'll talk about if you're leaving money on the table, when do you send out pricing sheets, we're gonna design your price guides, everything. And then at the end of this, we're even gonna conclude with some bonus topics where.

I kind of help you to develop some financial literacy components that I think are critical pieces as professionals in the space of photography. So really two main components that I noticed that a lot of photographers are missing in their kind of financial toolkit. Let's get right into this because there is a lot to talk about. Once again, heads up, this is gonna be fast-paced. So I believe that education needs to be quick and simple to make it effective, to make it something that you can implement. So feel free to pause.

to any point in time, take time to implement and then repeat the process. If you're going through this course for a second or a third time, you're gonna pick up that much more as you do. So come back to the material, review it. Remember between sessions as well that you have the mentorship group to ask questions. It's a great place to seek feedback from your peers. It's also an awesome place just to share wins and aha moments as well. And I'm in there of course answering questions also. Let's dive right into the first lesson.

The first thing that I want to talk about is the two pricing models and and really I want to distinguish this it's it's very much like two business models and what we're talking about here is basically inclusive models versus IPS or in-person sales and let's define what those are. So an inclusive model this would be something I would describe as ideal within say the wedding space, the event space, any place where there's already an expectation that they're going to get all the images.

is along with a shoe. And where those things are kind of psychologically programmed in is say, for example, weddings or events or even some like commercial jobs. There's just an expectation that what they're paying for is upfront and they're gonna receive everything after. So this is an inclusive model. You generally have an high upfront cost or session fee. You're providing all the digitals or at least a good number of them. And product sales are kind of considered icing on the cake with this business model.

Then we have in-person sales. Okay, so this is what I would say is ideal within portrait niches because The reason why is that it's kind of hard to justify like to make good money as a photographer in the portrait space We really need to be charging more than a thousand dollars per session And ideally we're kind of around fifteen hundred dollars plus and we can you know, hopefully work our way to three four or five thousand It's very difficult to justify that up front

when it comes to just portrait photography. It's a lot easier to justify those costs, that investment, when they've already felt the value and they've seen the experience, they see the imagery, then it becomes really easy. But charging that upfront is rather difficult in the portrait spaces, which is why I would say in-person sales as a model is kind of ideal within portrait spaces. But this is characterized by having a low upfront session fee, right? We might charge, you know, 250 to.

to $500, somewhere in that space for the session fee. Maybe that includes the makeup, the hair, maybe includes some of the basics, the cost of the session, but no digitals are included. And we expect to basically be selling albums and prints. This is the primary service. So that's how we would distinguish these two business models, okay? The question that we have is really like, well, which one is gonna be right for me? I'm gonna give you some thoughts on that. The other idea here that I often will.

here is should I do like a hybrid approach where I'm kind of picking and pulling from a little bit of both of these business models? My thought to that is very simple. I'm not gonna say it's impossible, but I'm gonna advise you to not do that. I don't feel like this is a good idea. Just it creates a lot of complexity. There's a lot of questions. There's friction in the client experience. It's just not a great approach to basically be blending these models. So my suggestion is don't do it, okay? If we were to go and.

and compare these models, by the way, from like, I guess like, what are some of the key differences from a lifestyle perspective? I would say that when we look on the inclusive side, we're looking at something that's a bit more simple and straightforward in terms of like the sales process, right? It's literally, this is what we're gonna be delivering. This is the amount that you pay up front. It's a little bit easier in terms of the sale. I'd also say that it's less time consuming because you're not bringing them in for like say a reveal. They're-

There is no other piece. You're basically doing the sales session once, you're doing the consult, and then it's the photography, and then it's the delivery. There's also guaranteed earning potential, right? Whatever they pay is what you're gonna receive, and anything else that you might make is kind of icing on the cake, but it's kind of few and far between. So you know exactly what you'll be making up front. On the flip side, in terms of those three categories, IPS requires some education. It's not as simple and straightforward. There's some education there, both before the shoot, you know.

during and after in the design session. It's more time consuming. Like you have the design session, you have multiple kind of consults, and there is no guaranteed earning potential. So while you are gonna make your session fee, maybe you make $500, you can make three, four, $5,000. You might also walk away, some clients might just leave with their session fee paid and not end up buying anything. So the actual amount that you earn, it's gonna become more consistent over time.

but it's not guaranteed at any point in time. Now, in contrast, I would say that if we're looking at a portrait model, then IPS has a far greater earning potential. Like this is a model that can take you to, you know, well beyond six figures. You can start getting multi six figures, even up to seven figures by running a really tight IPS model, okay? So there's greater earning potential there. There's end-to-end service as well. What you're delivering is a finished service. You're actually aiming to.

to get albums into their hand, you're aiming to put prints up onto the wall, you're aiming to actually have more than just digital images on their phone or on their computer, hard drive, whatever it is. I would also say that there's a greater value offering. Like in the end, the result, the transformative experience that we can deliver through IPS is far more powerful than simply an inclusive model where you kind of deliver it and leave it all up to them. Okay, so there's definite benefits on this side too. Oftentimes with.

like inclusive, this end-to-end service and the greater value offering, we never really get to that place because we deliver the images and who knows what they do with those images. So the question here is which of these is right for me? What I'd like for you to do is start with kind of what's sustainable for your personality and for your values. And I'd love for you to have that conversation with the niche finder coach. So again, I'm going to pull this up and let's bring it right over to this side. So this is the niche finder.

minor coach that I introduced to you, I believe in, in module one. And what you're gonna do is just say, like hopefully it already has an idea of, like you've already talked to it and you've already kind of had previous conversations and that's great. But either way, you can type something simple. I'm considering IPS versus an inclusive model. Can you help me figure out what's right for me and my personality? Okay. And then basically what it's gonna do is it's gonna follow the step.

So the niche finder coach, but it's by by asking you questions and then it's going to give you guidance Okay, so first a quick check-in Are you clear on the differences or would you like a quick refresher and say, you know, we're just gonna say I'm clear Okay, it'll say well It's gonna ask you when you imagine running the business. What is day-to-day life look like it's gonna ask you several questions It might even ask you your your specific niche where you are all of that And then it's gonna help you to bounce ideas off of it To see if this would be a good fit for you the

The main thoughts here is IPS is a really good fit if you don't mind the sales process and you want an end-to-end service. And by don't mind, it doesn't necessarily mean that you're great at it. It means that you're okay to kind of continue working on it and to continue improving. If you like the sales process or you can learn to like the sales process and you want to deliver this end-to-end experience, then I would say IPS is a really good fit. But if not, then perhaps we wanna go with an inclusive model. My personal take.