This optional, like the cost-based pricing is not the important element here. The important element is that you understand the variable costs associated with every single shoot that you do. I need you to have that picture. That's gonna be important and it's gonna play into everything above, okay? If you know that now, we now know, okay, what is our contribution margin? And we can figure out a percentage of that margin, okay? How much on average do we make from every client we serve?

And why is this beneficial? If you're ever in a conversation with somebody, like if I know, for example, let's say that I'm dealing with a corporate client, right? And I've got an event package that I put together for them, it's $5,000. And I know my margin on this, my contribution margin on this event. After I paid the second shooters, they're gonna go do it, everything. I know that I'm at 75, maybe 80% contribution margin. Let's say that for example, 80%. And that person comes back and they say, Pi, we really wanna work.

work with you, is there anything you can do with us? Like, what if we did, what if we booked you guys for each of these shoots, and can you give us a little bit of a discount for that? I might say something like, yeah, like if we're shooting all of your events, then what I can do is work in kind of like a multi-event rate based on a contract. So what we'll do is we'll have a contract, we'll shoot all of your events for the year, and based on the number of events we do, we'll build in that discount, so you have a kind of a package rate there.

I can know off the top of my head that if I give them a 10% discount, my contribution margin is still 70%. Okay. Not a big deal. If, if I'm, if I'm at 5,000, right. And I know that I'm going to have 4,000 in profit, giving them an additional 500 off 10% off to close it and to guarantee the business, it's very easy for me to do that right in my head. So understanding your margin is what allows you to do back of the hand.

math in these situations and come up with like win-win offers and hook your clients up while still making sure you have a very healthy overall profitability in the business. When you don't, then we're in a very sticky situation, okay? Karen asked the question like, should your hourly rates include shooting time, editing time? Yeah, I think I have all that in there. So any of like, let's go back to that sheet for one second, like I believe...

if I have, so here's booking the client, prepping, shooting, leading, second shooter, post-production, that's your editing time, right? So all of the costs associated here on a per client basis should be built in. If you have extras, that's why I gave you additional line items right here. The math is already there for you. Just change these numbers and adjust them. I'm gonna go ahead and zero them, well, I'll zero them back out after the next lesson so that they're not in your template and adjusted. Okay, I think we got that idea, and hopefully you'll get the importance of it even more.

So when we get to the next lesson, because I'm gonna show you how it ties into everything else. So let's do that now. Okay, now we're gonna layer another step. I want you to have a complete financial picture of not just your business, but your lifestyle expenses, your budget, okay? Building a sustainable business, it really has to do with understanding what is your needs, your budget, the kind of lifestyle you wanna create, and then balancing that with this value.

luxury based price model that we have within our photography business, that's how we're gonna get to something that actually is in a last long term, it's not gonna burn us out, to do this we need to have a complete view of kind of our financial outlay, I'm not gonna get super into the weeds here, I want to give you a nice high-level picture, I want to give you a good set of tools that will get you started on this, I obviously still expect you to be keeping books, like you have your own QuickBooks, you have a bookkeeper, they can help you with finding some of these numbers.

if you need, but this is not designed to replace QuickBooks or your accounting process. This is designed to simply give you an idea of how a financial statement works and how understanding these things is gonna play into your decision-making process. Okay, so what we're gonna do is do a business and lifestyle calculator. So now, step one is let's get a clear picture of how much money you actually need on a monthly basis. This is hugely important if any of you are in a position where you're thinking about like leaving your.

full-time job. Okay, so we're going to do this and jump back to that same brand and strategy workbook on the calculator side 0 4 a we're to complete the personal expenses. So what I want you to do is you're jumping up here. We're looking in personal expenses and you're just going to put your your items here, right? I'm going to put my rent or mortgage is 4300 because I live in California and everything's insane. Let's put I'm going to put guesses for a lot of these. Okay, so Internet we're going to put 150.

Car payment, 500. Home insurance, we'll put 500. Health insurance is ridiculous because I have a family of four. Medical expenses, let's just say we average 250 a month and I'll do a couple other categories and we'll call it good, 200. Oh, groceries are hell expensive. Goodness, we need a lot of money. We need about, I think it's $1,000 a month. Okay, these are all on a monthly basis. Home repairs, let's say.

500. All right, 200. I'm not gonna worry about the rest. So you can add additional items anywhere just by clicking here. You can just drop them in right there. If you need more lines, just right click, insert a row, and you're good to go. It'll have everything ready for you, okay? So just drop in your number. So right now my personal expenses total is 12,600, okay? What you'll see is that these numbers start getting pulled up into your business snapshot. This is where I want you to.

This is where I want you to spend most of your time, is understanding this. What I also want you to do is go through the fixed business expenses on an annual basis as well. So when you look at the next step, it's this. Let's understand your business's costs, again, on an annual basis. We don't need to know everything on a monthly, so let's just keep it a little bit more high level. I gave an example here. Maybe I'll fill in a couple of these items. So let's just say I spend maybe 1,500. Computer electronics is probably a bit more. Well, let's see.

Cause I think I have camera and equipment next. So let's say I spent on average 3000 on that home office. This is usually a percentage of home expenses. Uh, I'm not going to worry too much about that. Cause that that's not actually cash out furniture. I'm not going to worry about, let's just put in some marketing. Let's say that I'm paying someone to do SEO. It's 2000 a year. Don't do that by the way. That's not good. Um, if, if I already encompass the internet up here, if I'm paying for it separately, like don't, don't double.

will count your expenses. So I already listed it up in my personal expenses and my home office is at a home. So I'm not gonna list that again. Let's say that we have 250 in website hosting. Let's say we got 250 Google Suite. Let's say we have 250 CRM. Let's say 250, I'm just guessing on these by the way. Let's say 500 for Adobe. How much do all these cost now? Okay, so put in all these things. Let's say my bookkeeper's 3,000, my accountant's 5,000. Actually, it's probably getting more like 5,000 and 3,000.

So, okay, get an idea. This is enough for now. I'm not gonna worry about kind of continuing this out. But what I wanted is some numbers in here because now when we go to the business snapshot, this is what I want you guys to have a picture of. So the personal expenses require 12,600, which means that annually I need 151,000 just for the personal expenses. Now what I've done is I've backed out like how much money you need to be making based on a simple rule. Elizabeth Warren.

She's a senator. She came up with this very simple budgeting system, the 50-30-20 rule. Okay, it's a simple way to kind of start household budgeting and what I'm doing is I'm using that rule to back out your numbers, right? So what she's basically saying is that, you know, 50% of what you make should go to things that you need, food, mortgage, rent, that. 20% of what you make should go to savings. 30% of what you make should go to wants.

So that's the 50-30-20 rule, okay? So what I'm doing is I'm looking at this and we said if based on Senator Elizabeth Warren's kind of budget, if we wanted to run with this, then we'd say if we need 151,000 and that those needs are 50% of how much we make, then we need to be making basically double that. The necessary household income is 302,000, right? But you could adjust these rates on savings, for example. Maybe I only want to save 10%.

Maybe I only need 20% for wants, you could pull those numbers down, and it'll give you a lower amount here for your necessary household income. I think I might have screwed up that. Let's fix that real quick. I broke it. Okay, I will fix that in just a moment. Right now it's giving us this number times 2. I'll have to fix that in just a second. From here, if I add these up, notice at the bottom right it says $241,000.

You could change those percentages if you would like, and that's totally fine, but it gives you the necessary household income. Now let's say, well, my partner makes $150,000 a year. It tells me what I need to take home. This is how much money I need to make to be able to survive based on this budget, right? And now we can go to the business and we go, okay, this is the fixed overhead for the business. This is the actual required revenue that we're gonna need.