me the important questions, and then giving you the information afterwards. What I do wanna show you is the actual pricing coach, okay? That's gonna be this guy. So this is for inclusive. I'm gonna design, what I was trying to do was design this to be one of the same, and I had so many lines of instruction that it was really getting like IPS versus inclusive lost, and it was feeding back some bad information. So what I did was I gave a very specific set of instructions only applying to inclusive models. I will.

build an IPS coach for the IPS booster as well. Okay, so we're gonna click the link just to open it up. And I've mentioned right here, it just says type ready when you'd like to begin. So all you're gonna do is just say ready. It's already pre-programmed to take you through an entire process where it's gonna instruct you. What it's gonna say first is just to confirm I'm designed to help you with inclusive pricing strategies, not IPS based models. Correct. So I wanna make sure that everybody.

So let's say my photography niche, we'll just say I'm going to go with what I had before, you could put anything here, but we're going to say when I was working on the brand strategist back in I think module two, I think I said I was an elopement photographer in London or something like that. So let's say London. Okay, what's your level of experience? So are you new?

is like you're just starting out, right? Established means, hey, I've been in business for a bit, I don't necessarily have a big known name, but I deliver a great service and a great experience and I'm trying to build my name. Well-known means I already have a brand name and I'm beyond established, I'm becoming someone that's known in the industry, okay? So I'm gonna say I'm established. Okay, next piece. Can you paste a short paragraph? So check this out. I am.

Remember I told you we're gonna layer everything that we're doing. So what I'm gonna do is open up a new window and go back to my brand strategist. This was the, you could turn this by the way into a custom GPT, but we just saved it out as a project. And what I'm gonna do is say, give me a one paragraph summary of my brand and strategy. So I'm gonna ask it, and this, it gives me my name, it gives me everything that we had along with it. All I'm gonna do is copy and paste.

So everything we're doing is layering on top of each other. I want you to develop a very sophisticated AI workflow. And we're gonna paste that in. And now we give our pricing coach an idea of exact, and it's like beautifully articulated. I hope so, you wrote it yourself. Jeez, okay, it's all praising itself. Do you currently have packages? So the next question, do you currently have packages you'd like me to review, or would you prefer my recommendations from scratch based on your niche location?

positioning. So if you have packages that you wanted to actually give you thoughts on, this is where you'd say, here are my packages. Please give me thoughts on these and just drag and drop it in. It should be fine. Okay. But from here, I'm going to say from scratch. Now what it's going to do is taking everything, it's going to do, it goes through a set of instructions that basically does market research. It compiles everything and it's going to spit it out to you in terms of what it's seeing in the environment, what it would recommend in terms of packages, and it's going to give

view some concluding thoughts as well, okay? We're gonna give this just a second and while this is pulling up, if my screen, actually I think the screen should be very clear on the recording. So those of you that might be watching live, it might be a little bit fuzzy. But this is already the best view that we got. Let me make sure this is, oh yeah, that is full resolution, okay. If this by chance hangs up, oh there we go, okay. If it hangs up, you just refresh it, sometimes it does that. So it goes, market analysis for London a little bit of photography.

So it gives me typical ideas for half-day ranges three to six hours of coverage and it gives me examples of other Competitors that are in that sort of established range full day is 2,200 pounds to 3,200 Multi-day between 4,800 to 7,800. Okay client insights couples budget around 2,000 to 2,500 pounds. They expect six to ten hours They also expect full galleries albums and planning guidance This is great to know that they expect albums right because then I can build that in Micro-elopements might tend to fall into

300 to 1500 pound range, interesting. So maybe I should have a fourth package. So, recommended three-tier collection, the good. This is your essential, right? Four hours, digital gallery, planning call, travel to London included. This is $1,800, better. Six hours, digital gallery, 2,400. So it gives you each of these different price points. It says why it works, the value positioning, the pricing benchmark, and here's the action steps, and then a little summary, okay? This gives you an idea.

I don't want you to treat this ever. Like don't ever take something coming out of AI as like this is what I have to do. But it's gonna give you a really great idea. It gives you a great idea of what should go in these packages. And if you said, okay, spend more time on the packages themselves. Break those out with different options that go more in depth with.

with what you think my clients would love. You can ask it to go in-depth further on any one of these components, right? And now it's gonna give you the packages and it's gonna break it out into exactly what to say, optional add-ons, what you can do, the price points, everything. And then we can go back. Remember what I said earlier in this was like, okay, I need names for this, right? So I go back to this and I go, let's figure out some names for this. I'm gonna copy this.

Okay, it already has an idea of my brand, right? I gave that to it. So now I'm going to say, based on what you know about my brand, okay, so now it gives me naming concepts, okay, theme, love as a narrative, prologue, chapters, legacy. That's pretty cool. The elements concept, stillness, presence, eclipse. The memory concept, whisper, echo, keepsake. The journey concept.

Step one, the path, the horizon, okay? This'll give you everything, and this is where I'm talking about, like, this is where you become a curator. You look at these collections and you go, I like this, but you know, for me, maybe I wanna tweak the hours a little bit. For me, maybe I wanna change the, I don't wanna mention the number of images that are included, I wouldn't generally mention. Like, if someone asks an approximate, you can always say that, but I don't usually.

We put that number in there. But maybe you do want a second shooter. Maybe you want something else. It all depends on what you wanna deliver. And this is where you're gonna curate to get to the things that make sense to you. But we're asking AI to basically do the heavy lifting for us, okay? It's already designed to build in those price bumps where it's basically moving from, so this is up to four hours of photography. When it goes here, it's doubling the perceived value. So look.

It's putting perceived value in the 200 to 300 and then it's going to 400 to 600. And then it's also including like complimentary London engagement session. So it's already building in the additional value for the price bump and it's specified. So it knows like the anchor package should be roughly double you know, 50% to 100% more versus look at this one, this is 1800 to 2400. So that's like a 30% bump with double the perceived value. All of those components are built in the instructions. Again, there's.

a thousand plus lines of instruction in this. So that's significantly different and more powerful than just simply using the standalone. So the standalone prompt will get you a lot of good information. It's just not as robust as, you know, a thousand lines worth of programming instructions, okay? That's where there's a lot of benefit in using the pricing coach. So what I want you to do here is I want you to pause. I want you to curate the base idea of these collections. Start writing.

it out like you got ideas from the from the AI start writing it out then as you have a good idea of what to put in these packages I want you to send it back to the pricing coach for feedback and say in a moment and you can just paste it in but in a moment I'm going to show you my collections based on your advice and my thoughts can you give me feedback okay

And what you're gonna do is take what you've come up with, with your pricing, with what's included, everything, and feed it right into this. Again, it's programmed to tell you where there might be potential issues, where there could be opportunities to basically get to price bumps and make more, okay, be able to sell more. So absolutely share them when you're ready, I'll give you strategic feedback. So I want you to use this, bounce those ideas off of it until you got a really good idea of what's gonna serve this audience and this type of client. Now, this is gonna change.

If I were to go back to the pricing coach, I'll just give you a quick example, and I type ready, it changes dramatically just by changing some of the items. Like I'm a corporate, yes, oh sorry, yes. Corporate event photography. I want you to see that this is coded to an extent where it's very powerful. Orange County.

California. Okay, level experience, new. Short paragraph from your brand strategist, and this time I'm just gonna say, I don't have one, help me out. Okay, it drafts a baseline profile just from, so I have that in there where it's like if they don't give you one, you're gonna create a profile based on.

Typical, and then I'm saying, this looks great. This looks good. I don't have packages. Need help. I know, Stephanie mentioned in the comment, she's like, where has AI been all my life? Although I worry about what this is gonna do to humanity. Yeah, one of the things that I don't like is I don't like how I think AI, I worry about us getting a lot dumber