Each of these things improve, so does our ability to charge more, which is why the first five steps of the program are let's build the brand experience. Let's build overall what it is that we're delivering, the service so that we have a brand that's worth respecting because with that comes price respect, okay? And I know you want specifics, but how freaking much? The thing I'm gonna tell you here is I'm gonna give you specifics, but I also wanna tell you that nobody can.

or should tell you specifically what you should charge because it does depend. You know your level of experience, you know your market, you should know that better than anybody, you should know your clients better than anyone. So what I'm going to do is give you all the tools and I'm going to give you AI guides as well to help you with this process, but I need you to set the prices for yourself, okay? And if you have questions, if you want to bounce ideas off of me, the community, by all means. But in general, I'm going to say the typical trajectory is...

as you start out. This is me, this is 15 years ago, starting out. Terrible, terrible imagery. I cringe every time I look at these. I had textured, oh my God, there's a texture over this image. You guys remember when we were doing that? That's crazy. I had them climb shit at the Getty. I don't know why. It wasn't like he was a rock climber. I was just like, oh, let's do something fun and climb stuff, which is probably why photographers are no longer allowed to shoot at the Getty.

museum. I was probably responsible for that. This is a second shoot that I did with my business partner. Terrible. I mean, inconsistent across the board, inconsistent styling, editing, everything. The one good shot that I had, any good shots that I had, I kind of ruined in post. But look, at that point, I'm charging zero to $500 for a wedding. So the very first one I took was free. And then we started charging like 500 bucks. These sessions were free.

This is generally where everybody starts. I expect this. Now, if you've got a huge leg up from this, which I think most of you probably do, most of you coming into this field right now are doing work that's far better than this right off the bat. So you should be charging something. Maybe it's 250 for a portrait session. Maybe it's 500 bucks a wedding. Maybe it's 1,000 bucks. But we should be charging something. Either way though, this is where I was. And then you fast forward to today, and it didn't take 15 years to get there. I'd say probably.

maybe five to seven years into the business is when I started commanding rates of like 15,000 plus. Now it's a $20,000 base package if they wanna book me. If they wanna book our partners, it's 15,000. If they wanna book our associates, it's around seven to 10, but those are kind of base rates for our services now. That's with brand recognition that's been built over the course of a decade, right? So what I want you to understand is I want you to understand like this is our starting point, this is.

where we're gonna go, you can get there, my goal is to get you there quickly, but it's still gonna take a bit of time and everyone's starting at a little bit of a different place as well. What I don't want you to do in this process is compare yourself to photographers that might be 10 times more established than you. It's simply not a good comparison and this idea right here, it's a big part of what feeds this fear and self-doubt. The idea that I'm not good enough to charge or that nobody's gonna pay me to do this.

It's often because internally, subconsciously, we're comparing ourselves to people that are established, to people that have been doing this 10 times longer, that have worked on their brand name for a whole bunch of time, and we sit there and look at, well, they're doing this, and so I can't take money for this because I'm not nowhere near close to that. No, you can. You should be charging. You don't have to charge what they're charging. You have to do what they're doing. But you most certainly are delivering something of value.

So, I don't want you to fall in that comparison trap. What I want you to focus on is this. So when you're starting or really anywhere in your career, the main thing is be better than you were yesterday. Just a little bit better than you were yesterday and you'll be on an insane career trajectory. With each client that you serve, especially when we're early on, with each client, I want you to raise your prices by $100 to $300. If we're starting on the low end, like let's say our first wedding is $500, your next wedding should be $750 or $800.

Your next one is $1,000. If we're doing portrait sessions, okay, maybe you start at 250. Your next one should be 350, then 450. Keep raising the price with each client that you're serving, especially as you notice the experience is getting better until we start noticing that there's kind of like a level off of like, okay, now we're starting to shoot the amount that we want, the demand is kind of meeting the supply. When we start to reach that level, then we can kind of like hold.

but I want you to get to that place. I want you to continue raising prices. So the idea here is that once your brand is established, your price is basically a filter to the clients that you want to serve and the amount that you want to work. Me saying that I'm charging $20,000 for my base package for weddings, that's not me being arrogant. It's saying that, look, I only want to shoot five to 10 times a year. I want to work with, you know, the clients that have the biggest budgets, that have the most demands. That's.

who I want to work with, and so I set my price there because that's where the demand kind of meets the supply. I'm willing to go out 10 times, so they need to be 10 larger weddings. These are the type of clients that I want to work with. If I priced it at 10K, then based on the brand that I've developed, I'm gonna be shooting every single weekend multiple shoots, and I don't want to do that. I might be more money, but this is a lifestyle decision. This is a decision that I want to spend time with my kids while they're young and they're in the home. I want to spend more weekends with them.

So all of these come into play, all of these thoughts come into, they should come into your decision making process. The idea here though is that your price is basically that filter point. It kind of matches whatever it is, how many times I want to work with the type of clients that I want to work with. So it's our filter. Okay, let's now get into tools. So throughout the rest of the module, we're gonna go into pricing psychology, we're gonna create enticing packages, design appealing pricing guides, set the package and serve.

pricing as well and we're going to use AI tools to handle the majority of this. My advice at this point is to learn the principles so I really want you to focus on the principles, allow AI to do the heavy lifting and really as we move forward in business like at this point in time I feel like more and more so going into this next 10 years of business your job isn't necessarily as much to create it's to curate.

What I mean here is that all the tools of creation are getting so incredibly easy. It's so easy to pick up the camera and create imagery, and it's gonna get even easier, okay? Especially as AI tools start coming into your camera body. It's so easy to go in and write, to go and create good material, good content. All of these AI tools are just making everything. It's referred to as the democratization of production, right? As these tools make everything that much easier.

Our jobs isn't necessarily to focus on creating, but rather curating the right type of experience, curating the right type of imagery, curating the right type of service to the clients that we're looking to serve. Okay, so that's kind of how we're going to approach this as we move forward. We're going to use a lot of tools, do the heavy lifting, and I want you to focus on curation. All right. Okay, let's talk package psychology and design.

not going into the nitty gritty yet of actual design, I want you to understand kind of the idea behind a three package model, the idea behind how do we sell high ticket services. The easiest way to sell a thousand dollar purse is to put it next to another purse that costs $10,000, okay? This is a simple piece of pricing psychology that's used everywhere. It's difficult to sell something that's expensive on its own, but it becomes far easier.

to sell something that's expensive when something else next to it is just astronomical. When something else next to it just kind of is crazy, okay? Which is why we use the three or potentially four package model. This works incredibly well because this package three, this is your best package, your top package, that becomes the price anchor. It becomes the $10,000 purse that we place next to the $1,000 purse. The package two, this is actually the design.

This is our middle of the road package. This is the package that's going to be the best fit for everybody. And then we have package one which is like our MVP, the minimum viable product. It's a good package. But it's the base level of what we're comfortable delivering in our experience. What this allows us to do is it allows us to say that our prices start at, and this is where we list the base package, and typical client spend, and it's somewhere between these two package rates. Then, when they get to the end of the day,

they actually look at pricing, if they see our pricing, they see the price anchor and they go, hey, that's actually a really good value because this one's a lot more, right? So we kind of play into this. And generally when we show our pricing, we show it in this order. So we actually show pricing in the order of best, better, good. That being said, I generally don't want you to show pricing. I just want you to understand that when we see, if a client actually requests to see your pricing guide, or if you're at a place where it's like, okay, it's time and I'll tell you when to do that.