Okay, let's jump into the first one The first thing I want to talk about is this idea of a contribution margin and Kind of where you get this idea of cost-based pricing from which cost-based pricing is actually not a bad way to price When starting out like kind of I'll explain exactly what this is Cost-based pricing is basically where you identify the costs of the shoot which they are your variable costs and then you

supply those costs by a number. Maybe it's two times, maybe it's three times, and that's cost-based pricing. Like a lot of you have already used the, at this point, you're using the pricing coach and everything, and that's really where I want you to be. But cost-based pricing can be effective when you're starting out. If you are, when you're starting out, this is a great place to start because you can understand costs and you can start working your way basically into those value and luxury models, but it gives you the flexibility at the beginning.

to start with lower prices and kind of quickly work your way up. So let's figure out exactly how to calculate this. And at the same time, you're gonna figure out what the margin is as well, okay? So when starting to charge for your services, really at any point in your business, it's really important that you understand your costs and specifically what I'm talking about are variable costs. Variable costs are all of the expenses that you incur from one shoot to the next. So in a.

my background is accounting by the way, which we are not gonna go there. But in accounting, there's an idea of a fixed cost and a variable cost. A fixed cost is fixed no matter how many clients you serve. If you serve 20 clients, your Adobe subscription, it does not go up and down in cost. That's a fixed cost. Your furniture, your electricity, all these costs, they don't vary based on how many people you serve. But on the other hand, your mileage is not a fixed cost.

right, depending on how many clients you shoot, your mileage would go up or down. Your second shooter, that's a variable cost. Your assistant, that's a variable cost. If you're using paper for your backdrops, that's a variable cost. So variable costs are costs that are associated to each additional client that I take on, each additional service that I offer. We really want to understand those variable costs. It's one of the most critical metrics because we're gonna figure out a lot of these important details in the process. So what we want to do is we want to.

I want to look at, well, how many kind of shoots a year do I want to be taking on? How many am I taking on? What is my desired hourly wage? What are variable costs associated? What are the fixed costs? We're going to go through all of this, but let's just focus on the fixed costs for right now. So in your brand and strategy list right here, so let me pull this up and make sure that you guys can see it good. Perfect. Let's go down to the bottom and let's scroll to the calculators. I've zeroed everything out for right now, but anything that's green, these are areas that I've.

designed for you to be able to modify. So if you wanna change something, you totally can. And by the way, if you screw any part of this up and you wanna go back to the template, it's really simple. Pull up the template like I've done here, go to the calculator tab and just go to copy to and type in or put in your existing spreadsheet. This is also helpful if you haven't, because I updated this recently. So there's some small updates in this if you wanna get the latest version. You select your brand and strategy workbook where you have all of your work

And you just click insert. And it's automatically gonna copy that sheet into your existing one. It's gonna leave it, by the way, at the end. So you can click here, you can rename this, and replace your existing calculator once you kind of move everything over. But that's how to quickly kind of do that. Or if you mess something up, don't worry, you can just go back to the template. Okay. What we're gonna do is scroll down to this section. 04C, variable business expenses per client, okay? What I want you to do, and I've adjusted this.

by the way for 2025. What I want you to do is just put in like what the numbers would be like okay on average I might drive 25 miles with every shoot that I do okay. I don't use film if you have any other variable expenses on the on the camera side fine. Here's the variable time expenses like oh it took me it generally takes me one hour to book the client. I also have to prep the gear it takes me about half an hour to do that okay. I don't have a shoot assistant so I'm going to not worry about that let's

Let's say that there's a portrait session and I don't have a lead shooter or a second shooter. I do have to spend around $15, let's say, each time with post-production. You can give it a hourly rate, by the way, or just a, you know, I can say .5. So let's say it's $25. But all of these you can modify. So if you wanna change the rate, like this, the lead shooter, if that's you, right? I'm gonna put the shoots on average are two hours and let's say that I want my rate.

hourly rate if I were to pay myself as an employee which is important that you kind of do so maybe you want it to be 35 maybe you're okay with it being 25 I don't know it's it's it's really up to you in here so I'm just gonna leave this at 30 so what this is gonna do is add up all of the variable expenses if you have an album or wall art prints that you deliver with them you want to include those too but this adds up all the actual expenses per client and you get the total variable business expense per client right here

Then there's an optional desired markup. If you want to do cost-based pricing, put your markup here. If the markup is 2X, that's 100%, right? So the lowest price that I would ever offer this to somebody is $295, okay? That's double what the costs are. It makes sure that I'm paid an hourly rate. That's it. So this gives you a good low-end price point, and you can always say, like, I'm gonna do 200% instead.

what's this is totally optional for you if you want to start like if you're new in your business and you want to start with something low just to get people coming in this is a great way to begin and then you you quickly work your price up right you can also build in if you want to build in a discount to stand out even further you can although this is usually going to be pretty cheap to begin with okay what i want you to focus though on is this number i wrote key next to it this is the variable cost per client okay whether you're using all of these pieces are optional on if you're doing

cost-based pricing this piece is the important part this is your variable cost on average per client which means that my margin is whatever I'm charging per client minus this cost that's referred to as contribution margin where it's calculated is at the top of this okay so if we go back to the top and it has pricing right here and I have what do I charge what do I want to charge well

Let's say that I don't wanna do that cost-based pricing. Let's say that I wanna be charging $1,000 per portrait client, okay? I put that number in. It tells me my margin per client. This is contribution margin. What that means is, it's such a critical number to understand because whenever you take on a shoot, if you know that your contribution margin is 85%, that is.

85% is roughly $850 out of a thousand dollars, right? Then you know exactly how much money you're essentially making from the shoot. How much of that money that you've made can go towards fixed expenses and kind of contributing to the overall revenue of your business. If, for example, I'm only charging $500, then I know that my margin now is substantially less. I'm now only making $350 per.

client, this is the quick back of the hand. What allows me to really analyze a business fast is when I go into like a physical therapy business or a financial, you know, uh, services business, the first thing that I ask is what is your contribution margin? What is the typical thing that you're selling and what's your contribution margin? I want that margin to be somewhere around 60 to 80%. That's healthy. Meaning like.

If you've paid out second shooters and you've incurred those costs before we get to fixed expenses, we should at least have 60% margin because if not, then most likely I'm paying too much or I'm not charging enough either way. But this is a hugely important thing. So with that margin, let's go back here for just a second and I want to see if there's any questions on this from our live people watching. But basically, I just gave you.

sample numbers here and then you can put in all of your own numbers, but the important factor was that that element of understanding the variable expenses on a per client basis. Okay. We know now cost-based pricing is just taking the average variable expenses and you just multiply it by whatever number kind of like you're estimating fixed costs. You're just kind of coming up with a, a number there. And I gave you an option here if you'd like to undercut competitors. Again, if you honestly, I do.

I do like to be at a value compared to whoever is in my category of competition, right? But I like it to be around 10%, I like to be 10% less than whoever I think delivers something similar. If you're doing cost-based pricing though, your pricing is very likely already super low and so this would be a step that you probably don't need to do. So let's go back up for just one second and let's make sure that we understand all the components here.

Okay. Yes, and just in case you're wondering, all the rates that are included here, these are just like net rates, okay? So like, I'm not factoring in like, you know, if you're gonna have like social security taxes, personal taxes, these are just, we're just doing simple bookkeeping math here. Not even bookkeeping math. We're doing simple math here to have a good understanding of the picture. We're not going into the details and the nuances. But I want you to, at least at a minimum, I don't care what pricing method you're using.