First kind of mindset topic and really big question that I get a lot is when should I start charging money for my services? There's this fear or self-doubt that's attached to this. Sometimes it's I'm not good enough to charge money or other times it's kind of nobody's gonna pay me to do this. Like we kind of doubt our ability to actually earn in this space. There are times when this might be attached to something realistic. It could be that you're.

work is just not good enough yet. Like legitimately, it's not at an average professional level yet, and where that self-doubt, where that fear is justified, and in which case, we need to improve our quality of imagery, we need to improve our service to the point where it doesn't have to be award-winning, but it needs to be an average professional level. So I would say if this fear, if this self-doubt is rooted in something logical, then it's pointing you to like this is where some of my effort needs to go. But more often than.

Not, I'd probably say like four out of five times. This fear, self-doubt has really nothing to do with somebody's quality of work. More often than not, I see someone that's creating great work, and yet they still feel this way. This imposter syndrome kind of steps in. So I wanna make this a little bit more simple for you. I wanna say, look, to answer the question of should I charge, it's as simple as this. Do you offer a professional service? And the way that I would define that is this. You have a decent camera and lens system. It doesn't need to be anything.

crazy, you have in-camera backup, you have average pro-level imagery, and we'll talk about that in a second, and you have a workflow with data safety. If you have these four basics, then yes, you should most definitely be charging something for your services. When we're starting out, that something can be a little bit lower, but I want you to get in the habit of actually charging something, and then we're going to keep raising that over time. Now what is average pro-level imagery? What I mean by this is that the images that you're...

taking are, would be the average of what a professional would take. And I don't mean like an established professional, I mean the average professional photographer would take images like this, okay? So it's a step beyond what someone could do on their own with just their phones. So what does that mean? That means it's, you know, decently exposed, they're consistent, you know, okay compositions, okay posing, that's an average professional level. You should be.

charging something at that point, okay? Granted, with time, that's gonna continue improving and we're gonna keep raising prices. But I need you to start charging because the only way to kind of start developing confidence and start really actually accepting this value exchange that I'm gonna deliver my service for money, the only way to develop confidence in that is to actually start charging for your work. And the confidence is gonna come with time as we do so. But we have to start. The key to really charging.

Charging money is just always being a value for the price. If you're always delivering more than what you're asking for, then it's really not a big issue, is it? If you're always delivering more than you know internally, you can be confident because hey, I'm charging them 500 bucks, but I'm delivering them a service that would cost $1,000. So look, you're just going to charge X for a service that's worth 2X, and then you can always rest easy with that idea, okay? Thanks a lot.

I need to start charging money for these services. All right, that's it from a mindset standpoint. Let's jump to the next lesson.