Okay, now we're getting into the meat. Now we're gonna start actually using the AI tools to come up with our packages, collections, if you will, pricing, all that, okay? Again, the reminder, moving forward into business now, you are a curator. With all these tools becoming increasingly powerful, including your camera, everything, your role is to direct, your role is a creative director who curates the experience and this overall design of your service, basically. So that's what we're gonna step into, and this is where I want your mindset to be, really, in running your business.

isn't in, I don't want you to do anything. Anytime you're stuck in the nitty gritty, you're stuck editing, you're stuck doing things that are just very rote, I want you to think, maybe I should ask if there's a better way to do this so I can step back to that higher level and focus more on curating the experience. All right, so how to use the AI and PAI's pricing coach. So first, if you do not have access to the custom GPT, because the custom GPTs do require you to have a premium chat GPT account, I'm gonna give you this standalone prompt. This is not nearly as robust as the, I've literally programmed a pricing coach for you, but it's not.

Not as robust, but it will get you good information, okay? So you'd take this in and you would just copy this into any chat that you have going on in ChatGPT, all right? Let's go to a new chat. I don't think we need to belabor this. I think you guys know exactly how this is gonna go. What I do wanna do is spend a little more time and it's gonna follow like kind of the basics of asking you the important questions and then giving you the information afterwards. What I do wanna show you is the actual pricing coach, okay? That's gonna be this guy. So this is for inclusive. I'm gonna design, what I was trying to do was design this to be one of the same and I had so many lines of instruction that it was.

was really getting like IPS versus inclusive lost and it was feeding back some bad information. So what I did was I gave a very specific set of instructions only applying to inclusive models. I will build an IPS coach for the IPS booster as well. Okay, so we're gonna click the link just to open it up. And I've mentioned right here, it just says type ready when you'd like to begin. So all you're gonna do is just say ready. It's already pre-programmed to take you through an entire process where it's gonna instruct you. What it's gonna say first is just to confirm I'm designed to help you with inclusive pricing strategies not IPS based models. Correct.

I wanna make sure that everybody using this knows. So let's say my photography niche, we'll just say, I'm gonna go with what I had before. You could put anything here, but we're gonna say, when I was working on the brand strategist back in I think module two, I think I said I was an elopement photographer in London or something like that. So let's say London. Okay, what's your level of experience? So are you new? New is like, you're just starting out, right? Established means, hey, I've been in business for a bit. I don't necessarily have a big known name, but I deliver a great.

service and a great experience, and I'm trying to build my name. Well-known means I already have a brand name and I'm beyond established. I'm becoming someone that's known in the industry. Okay. So I'm going to say I'm established. Okay. Next piece. Can you paste a short paragraph? So check this out. I remember I told you we're going to layer everything that we're doing. So what I'm going to do is open up a new window and go back to my brand strategist. You could turn this, by the way, into a custom GPT, but we just saved it out as a project, right? And what I'm going to do is say, give me a one paragraph summary.

of my brand and strategy. Okay? So I'm gonna ask it, and this, it gives me my name, it gives me everything that we had along with it. All I'm gonna do is copy and paste this. So everything we're doing is layering on top of each other. I want you to develop a very sophisticated AI workflow. And we're gonna paste that in. And now we give our pricing coach an idea of exactly, and it's like beautifully articulated. I hope so, you wrote it yourself. Geez, okay, it's all praising itself. Do you currently have packages? So the next question, do you currently have packages you'd like me to review, or would you prefer my recommendations from scratch?

based on your niche location and positioning. So if you have packages that you wanted to actually give you thoughts on, this is where you'd say, here are my packages, please give me thoughts on these and just drag and drop it in, it should be fine, okay? But from here, I'm gonna say from scratch. Now what it's gonna do is taking everything, it's gonna do, it goes through a set of instructions that basically does market research, it compiles everything and it's gonna spit it out to you in terms of what it's seeing in the environment, what it would recommend in terms of packages and it's gonna give you some concluding thoughts as well. We're gonna give this just a second and while this is pulling up, if my screen, actually I think.

the screen should be very clear on the recording. So those of you that might be watching live, it might be a little bit fuzzy, but this is already the best view that we got. Let me make sure this is, oh yeah, that is full resolution. Okay, if this by chance hangs up, oh, there we go, okay. If it hangs up, you just refresh it. Sometimes it does that. So it goes market analysis for London elopement photography. So it gives me typical ideas for half day ranges, three to six hours of coverage, and it gives me examples of other competitors that are in that sort of established range. Full day is 2,200 pounds to 3,200, multi-day between 4,800 to 7,800. Okay, client insights, couple's budget around 2,000 to.

2,500 pounds, they expect six to 10 hours. They also expect full galleries, albums, and planning guidance. This is great to know that they expect albums, right? Because then I can build that in micro elopements might tend to fall into 300 to 1500 pound range. Interesting. So maybe I should have a fourth package. So recommend a three tier collection, the good, this is your essential, right? Four hours, digital gallery, planning call, travel to London included. This is $1,800 better six hours, digital gallery, 2,400. So it gives you each of these different price points. And it says why it works, the value positioning, the pricing benchmark, and here's the action steps. And then a little summary. Okay. This.

gives you an idea. I don't want you to treat this ever. Like don't ever take something coming out of AI as like, this is what I have to do. But it's gonna give you a really great idea. It gives you a great idea of what should go in these packages. And if you said, okay, spend more time on the packages themselves. Break those out with different options that go more in depth with what you think my clients would love. You can ask it to go in depth further on any one of these components, right?

Now it's gonna give you the packages and it's gonna break it out into exactly what to say, optional add-ons, what you can do, the price points, everything. And then we can go back. Remember what I said earlier in this was like, okay, I need names for this, right? So I go back to this and I go, let's figure out some names for this. I'm gonna copy this. Okay, it already has an idea of my brand, right? I gave that to it. So now I'm gonna say, based on what you know about my brand. Okay, so now it gives me naming concepts. Okay, theme, love as a narrative, prologue, chapters.

legacy, that's pretty cool. The elements concept, stillness, presence, eclipse. The memory concept, whisper, echo, keepsake. The journey concept, step one, the path, the horizon. Okay, this'll give you everything, and this is where I'm talking about like, this is where you become a curator. You look at these collections and you go, I like this, but you know, for me, maybe I wanna tweak the hours a little bit. For me, maybe I wanna change the, I don't wanna mention the number of images that are included, I wouldn't generally mention. Like, if someone asks an approximate, you could always.

to say that, but I don't usually put that number in there. But maybe you do want a second shooter. Maybe you want something else. It all depends on what you want to deliver. And this is where you're gonna curate to get to the things that make sense to you. But we're asking AI to basically do the heavy lifting for us, okay? It's already designed to build in those price bumps where it's basically moving from, so this is up to four hours of photography. When it goes here, it's doubling the perceived value. So look, it's putting perceived value in the 200 to 300, and then it's going to 400 to 600. And then it's also including complimentary London engagement sessions. So it's already.

building in the additional value for the price bump, and it's specified. So it knows like the anchor package should be roughly double, you know, 50% to 100% more, versus look at this one, this is 1800 to 2400. So that's like a 30% bump with double the perceived value. All of those components are built in the instructions. Again, there's 1,000 plus lines of instruction in this. So that's significantly different and more powerful than just simply using the standalone. So the standalone prompt will get you a lot of good information. It's just not as robust as, you know, a thousand lines worth of programming instruction.

Okay, that's where there's a lot of benefit in using the pricing coach. So what I want you to do here is I want you to pause. I want you to curate the base idea of these collections. Start writing it out. Like you got ideas from the AI. Start writing it out. Then, as you have a good idea of what to put in these packages, I want you to send it back to the pricing coach for feedback. And say, in a moment, and you can just paste it in, but in a moment, I'm going to show you my collections based on your advice and my thoughts. Can you give me feedback?