Okay, now we're gonna start taking all of the good stuff that you're coming up with and actually building out your experience and price guide. The first thing I'm gonna say here is to not reinvent this wheel. Don't reinvent any wheels. When it comes to designing new assets for your business, you'll notice that I always start with a template, whether it's your website, whether it's a price guide, whether it's, and I'm providing all of these tools to you, but, well, not your website. You gotta figure that one out. But all these other ones.

we can celebrate because your membership includes one personal use commercial license for everything, which means feel free to use them all, just do not distribute them. We will get in trouble. We bought a commercial license for each of the included templates. If you want other templates, by all means, I've already included some really cool ones. I don't think you need to go to these and find other types of templates, but if you want to create a market, Envato are good places for it. Before we create this, I'm going to give you one more heads up again.

The pricing guides, they're meant to be shown, and really I don't even show them, but they're meant to be used during a sales consult. Only fire off a price sheet as a last resort. So if I do not, if I can't get a hold of someone, they're not responding to emails, the last thing that I might send them and say, hey, if you're interested, let me know, I've attached my price and experience guide for more information, reach out if you need anything. That's what I do to close out a lead. We do not lead with that.

We do not, we want to save all this for actual in-person conversations. Okay, I'm going to reiterate this so many times. You're going to feel like I'm beating it in your head, but that's what I need to do. Okay, so building out your price and experience guide. Well, every single thing that we have, all of your resources are located right there in your resource template or resource page. So let's pull up the brand and experience guide. Sorry, brand and strategy. I'm getting all my words mixed up. At the bottom, you'll see resources. Let me make sure you guys can see.

it on your sides. I don't think you see it on yours. So let me just shrink this down for one sec. Can I not yoink it? There we go. Okay, now you can see it. So at the bottom you see the resource tab, right? And then you have each of the other tabs. This is where I continue to update. So you'll notice that in step one I put the niche finder coach there. Now the inclusive pricing coach is there. And it's just in order of like what's referenced throughout the program. Don't use this by the way as a guide for the program. This is just, you know, telling you where

where it's found. But the pricing experience templates are right here. So you're gonna select one and go ahead and just click the link and it'll open it right up. It's gonna bring up Canva. For me it says edit the template or view the template. I don't want to, if I own the template, you should get a different option like save template or create your own design with it. You're gonna choose that option. But I'm just gonna view for right now. Okay. And you'll see that it's a complete guide on.

where all you need to do is choose the guide that you feel best fits your service and just start filling it out. So this is, we're gonna work through this as we go, by the way, but I just want you to know how to get to that place. So it's all in your brand and strategy workbook, okay? The first place we're gonna start is with the packages. So you've designed out those packages. These are kind of the bullet points, everything we talked about, selling solutions, not just a package, your base package still being viable on its own, middle package, ideal sell. These are all the kind of the general.

notes. So once you have those collections then you can start just populating it in to the collection pages and every one of these like like some of these are kind of more designed for wedding experiences some more for portrait experiences so just pick the one that's appropriate for for your experience but you'll find that if you scroll down they all they all talk about the experience first and then they start getting into like different packages and this is where you're just gonna modify them modify them to be whatever you'd like okay okay let's go

back to here for a second. Your next step is to add in your pricing. You can do this all in one step, but when you do that, I want to make sure that you follow everything that you learned in the pricing section. So building in taxes, rounding numbers to fours and nines, breaking points or fives, small simple fonts, bottom right, remove commas, remove cents, all the pieces that need to be there. One thing too is make sure that your packages can't be gamed. A very simple way of doing that is saying that people can add to a collection, but they can't

can't remove from a collection, okay? Or just simply checking the collection, like the way that people game collections is let's say that your middle package has an album, right? And the base package doesn't. So what they do is they remove the album from the middle package, and then you reduce the price of the middle package, and they get to something that's really close to the base package, but now it has more hours and it has more everything in it, right? That's gaming it. So what you generally wanna do is limit them from removing.

allow them to add, okay? All right. Next piece is step three, the experience portion. The cool part about the experience portion of this guide is we generally want it to come before pricing. So you'll notice on all these guides that the first section is really talking kind of about, hey, the introduction, like getting to know me, how the process works. What's beautiful is that this is all the same stuff that you need for your website. So if you've already figured this out on your landing page of your website, then.

you already know what to put here. And if you haven't, then what you put here is gonna go into the website. So really, these are gonna be kind of synonymous. They're gonna work with each other. And so when you send this out to people, this kind of becomes your opportunity to have a more in-depth experience guide. Or if your landing page is very in-depth too, that's fine. But it gives you a chance to kind of go deeper in that experience. But generally with the experience guide, it kind of mirrors what you might have on your website. So there's a welcome with a clarified message. You introduce yourself. You talk about.

your process, you show some sample imagery, here's what to expect, then you start getting into collections and pricing, additional add-ons. This is just a general order, and then having a call to action like what's next, you know, let's discuss whatever these next components are. Okay, the beautiful thing is that all these guides, all the templates, they kind of serve as a guide too. So like when you look at this, each one of these follows kind of the same thing. Like look, I've got an author page, this is your welcome, hi, I'm.

I'm Jessica, this is the process, what to expect, and then it starts talking about the pricing, right? So it follows the idea of, well, before I present pricing, let me build value, let me show about the experience, let me talk about things, then let me show the actual pricing for it. Okay, so if you ever feel lost in that, you can always follow that. And know as well that you don't have to include everything on those templates. So like, if you're using the wedding one, you're like, oh, I don't need this page of highlights, just.

delete it, like you don't have to show it all. If you want it, then, then by all means. But let's make these look lovely, look nice. Uh, I like personally breaking these out into experience pricing and a combined experience and price guide, because with onboarding, I'll, I'll send them just the experience guide when I onboard clients and that's very useful. Okay. Pause here, go ahead and start actually working through and creating this price and experience guide.

Feel free to post, ask any questions you have. One of the common questions, and I think someone just posted this one too, should we use the same fonts as on our website to keep everything consistent? Karen, that's a great question. What I would probably say in this case is no. Look, I would love, yes, I would love if the fonts on your website matched these fonts, but I'm more concerned, like, yes, from a brand strategy standpoint, that is ideal, right? I'm more.

I am concerned though that if you change the fonts here, it's not gonna look good, okay? If you change, and it's gonna take you a lot of time. So I would rather the price and experience guide, I would rather it look nice than have it be totally identical in fonts as everything else. But that being said, I don't mind if you change, like put in your own business name, put in your own logo, your website. If you wanna change some of the colors, the colors are pretty neutral, but if you'd like to modify some colors, that's fine. But we.

need this to look really nice. And the typography's already designed to, it really doesn't have that big of a, I don't know, flavor to it. It's kind of like, the way it is designed, it just looks nice and professional. So I'd rather just keep it that way and keep it looking good as opposed to completely modifying it. So if you wanna go for it, you can, but just be advised, it's gonna take a lot of time and it's gonna be difficult to make it look as nice as it currently does. All right.

Let's check out and see if we have anything else. I think we're good here. Let's jump on to the next lesson.