Okay, now that you got this awesome price and experience guide, where do I show it? Who do I send it to? Do I display it on my website? This is the first question. Should I show my full price on my website? If not, what do I show? The answer, no, you're not going to show full price on your website. What we're going to do is limit it. I want you to limit the website to two pieces of information, your starting price and your average spend. And generally it goes something like our packages start at and my clients typically spend. That's it. Okay. We don't need to get into the nuances because we want to be able to suggest those things. We're going to talk about why. So before we present the price to anybody, okay, this is just a general sales principles.

We need to actually qualify the lead. That's what you're starting prices for. We need to understand what their needs and values are. We need to give them a value-based solution and then we present the price. So, do you send off the pricing experience guide to people that inquire? Hey, can you send me your pricing experience guide? No, do not send it. Say, prices start at, you're gonna say the exact same thing. Oh, you know what? I can do you one better. Our packages typically start at, or our packages start at and my clients typically spend this. But, why don't we actually hop on a call? I'd love to discuss with you what you're looking for. From there, I can actually create you a quote, okay? So, no, you don't just send the price inquiry to people that just inquire.

or sorry, the pricing and experience list to people that inquire. I will give you in a moment a rule, like an exception to this rule, but in general, I just want you to understand that we're not gonna just hand out pricing when we haven't established value yet. And what I'm gonna show you is this. This is the sales process. We'll cover this in depth when we get into step 12, okay? For right now, I just want you to see a glimpse of it and why we're not just giving them a price sheet. This is developed over 100 years ago. This is nothing new. The sales process is nothing new. John or Henry Patterson, 1890s. Identify the customer's problem and need, develop the value proposition, present the solution, how it fits, then you close.

by making the ask, this is where you exchange value for value. I'm going to create two minor updates, build rapport and create trust, just before you jump in, then go through the process, then after you close and make the ask, understand that we might need to follow up, address concerns, you know, objections, all of that. Anytime you present price before you've established value, so remember, developing the value proposition, presenting how it fits, these are the four steps needed. Anytime price comes in before, as a major part of the conversation, you will very likely lose the sale. Someone inquires and says, can you send me your price guide?

you send it to them, nine out of 10 times you've lost the sale. Because they really don't know. They don't have, like, so much of the value that you're gonna create for them is over the conversation. They need to know who you are. They need to understand that you get them, that you understand their values, that you've identified those things. This is a huge part of what we do as photographers. When you don't give them that opportunity, they simply compare your prices to somebody else and they go with the cheaper person. And there's always gonna be a cheaper person. So we don't need to fuel that. What we need to do is push them into the sales process, gently, but keep guiding them there. And then we only show the price. And I want you to, when you close.

You're not actually showing them a price sheet. You're just making a recommendation. So we've done all this work. We've created this beautiful price and experience guide. And really it's by and large for you, you are going to send the experience guide to people that you on board. Again, if we separate those two things out, right. And you are still going to use the price and experience guide for leads that we're losing. But we're not going to do it with, with good qualified leads. Uh, we're going to use it in a little bit of a different way. Okay. You're going to learn this entire process in steps 12 through 16. Don't stress on this for right now. I simply want you to understand why we don't do this. It's not to be deceptive. It's not because we don't want them to see prices. We, we show them prices like, look, we, we.

give them the starting point. Our packages start at my clients typically spend. That's all they need to know until they're ready to actually get a full idea of, of what they specifically want until they're ready to get something specific, this is all they need to know, right? We're not deceiving anybody. We're just not worrying about getting into it until we've brought them through the sales process. Until we've established value, we know their needs. All right. By the way, it'd be no different if I was selling a car. If I was selling a car, I would not, when somebody walks in and goes, tell me the price of, you know, your cars, I wouldn't just hand them a price list. How would that help?

them in any way. I would say okay well our cars kind of kind of range between like you know thirty to a hundred thousand why don't we have a conversation see what you're looking for and then I can give you some exact recommendations and exact prices. It's the same thing you're not doing anybody in services by sending this out you know to them. So when it's okay your exception to the rule is when you've reached out you can't get a hold of them you can't get them on the phone you've tried two or three emails you've done the follow-ups then fire off your price and experience guide with a final email that's basically like hey I tried to reach out to you I couldn't get a hold of you feel free to give me a call but and then

Meantime, I've attached my experience and price guide. Let me know if you have any questions. I look forward to hearing back from you. That's to close out a lead. We're not gonna reach out to them anymore, we're done. And we're sending it off as like a, it's kind of like a Hail Mary. Maybe they'll reach out in the future, they probably won't. But sometimes it does happen. That's it though. That's when it's okay to just kind of fire this thing off. Okay? All right. I think that's, we've kind of covered that question. So let's just go on and jump to the next lesson.