element here. The important element is that you understand the variable costs associated with every single shoot that you do. I need you to have that picture. That's going to be important and it's going to play into everything above. If you know that now, we now know what is our contribution margin and we can figure out a percentage of that margin. How much on average do we make from every client we serve? Why is this beneficial?

Like what if we did, um, what if we booked you guys for each of these shoots? And can you give us a little bit of a discount for that? I might say something like, yeah, like if, if we're shooting all of your events, then what I can do is work in kind of like a, a multi event rate based on a contract. So we'll do is we'll have a contract. We'll shoot all of your events for the year. And based on the number of events we do, we'll build in that discount. So you have a, a kind of a package rate there. I can know off the top of my head.

That if I give them a 10% discount, my contribution margin is still 70%. Okay. Not a big deal. If, if I'm, if I'm at 5,000, right. And I know that I'm going to have 4,000 in profit, giving them an additional 500 off 10% off to close it and to guarantee the business. It's very easy for me to do that right in my head. So understanding your margin is what allows you to do back of the hand math in these situations and come up with like, when.

win offers and hook your clients up while still making sure you have a very healthy overall profitability in the business. When you don't, then we're in a very sticky situation. Okay. Karen, Karen asked the question like, should your hourly rates include shooting time, editing time? Yeah, I think I have all that in there. So any of like, let's go back to that sheet for one second. Like, I believe I have, so here's booking the client, prep.

shooting, leading, second shooter, post-production, that's your editing time, right? So all of the costs associated here on a per-client basis should be built in. If you have extras, that's why I gave you additional line items right here, the math is already there for you, just change these numbers and adjust them. I'm going to go ahead and zero them, well, I'll zero them back out after the next lesson so that they're not in your template and adjusted. Okay, I think we got that idea and hopefully you'll get the importance of it even more so when we get to the next lesson because I'm going to show you how it ties into everything else.

So let's do that now.