Step 10, we are into social media marketing. This one is a doozy. That's why I have drank the coffee. I have, I'm fully caffeinated. Maybe I've got some more stuff in me too. But it's all just to get powered through this section. Now look, I'm gonna give you guys a lot in this module. Okay, what I want you to recognize is that I'm not expecting you to implement everything right away. I'm expecting you to have ideas. And what we're really focusing on is how do we create good social media content. I'm gonna give you other strategies as we go, okay? So topics and pain points that we're hitting today is how do I generate leads through social media? What are easy social media strategies? Which platforms should I be using? How do I set up my social media profile? How do the algorithms work? This is gonna be key to making sure that we don't make mistakes when it comes to uploading content. How do I create good content? And how do I do this without wasting tons of time? Also, how can I maximize these efforts? So we're gonna go through all of this. And really when we talk back or when we think on the leverage framework, this is our framework for.

pop-down content design, right? What you've already been doing is all the SEO stuff. We worked through that in our previous modules. You should have kind of a library of SEO-based ideas going now. So we've checked that off. We have this kind of a library of these great articles, these resources that we've hopefully already started creating. Now what we're really focusing on is how do we viralize them through short-form content? So taking a lot of that same material and creating short-form content around it. That's one concept. We're also gonna just focus on how do we get good templated social media content. I have templates for you. We have other places where you can get good templates, make it really easy. So our focus really throughout this entire module is viralizing with short-form content. How do you create good short-form content? And I'll explain exactly what that is as we go. Along the way, we're gonna touch on all these other points. So we're gonna be talking about, okay, well, do we wanna expand this into potential long-form content as well, like a YouTube video? We'll talk about email and nurture sequences. We're gonna talk about how we repurpose and share these videos, how we build a library around them so that we can reaccess and reupload the same video. So you.

You don't have to, look, after three to six months of creating, I don't expect you to create new videos every single time, I expect you to start repurposing and reusing. We're gonna create a library of these assets so that we can repurpose and reshare them. We're also gonna talk about growing basically your own community through potentially bringing in emails via lead magnets, okay? I'm gonna explain all this as we go. And of course, experimenting and kind of expanding our content buckets. So this module, we're really hitting most of the leverage framework, okay? And we're gonna build upon that first layer with strategic content there. So again, this is fast paced, right? I believe that for this education, for any education to be effective, it needs to be simple, it needs to be short and easy to implement. So I expect you to pause to put this into practice and to repeat. I also expect you to kind of work on one thing at a time. So look, really what I want you to focus on, if this is your first time hitting this module, I want you just to focus on understanding and starting to publish short form content. Then let's add one extra layer to it. Let's say, okay, now I'm gonna kind of, maybe I'm gonna build a lead magnet.

next so I can grow my own community, grow my email list, and have a call to action with these. Then, well, what if I create a nurture sequence? Since I'm bringing people in, I need a nurture sequence now. I want you to work through this process in layers. I don't want you to watch this module and go, okay, I'm gonna try to implement all of this in one go. You're gonna quickly overwhelm yourself. And truthfully, you don't need to. What we really need to be doing is a few things well in our marketing strategy. I'm giving you a lot of different marketing strategies that work very effectively. I want you to pick two or three of these. I don't want you to go, I'm gonna take all 10. I want you to pick a few and lean into the ones that really work well for you, for your personality, and don't overwhelm yourself, okay? Plus, if you ever get stuck, you know, if you're like, what's the ideal next thing for me? Then I'm gonna say between any mentorship sessions, just jump into the group, okay? You can jump into the group. You can go into an open session, ask your questions, ask for feedback, for review. One of my favorite things is when you guys are starting to publish your shorts, get some feedback from your peers. Let me weigh in on some thoughts. We're also doing social media audits every now.

then so jump in on those as well okay and also it's a wonderful place to share those wins and aha moments and all of it okay we're good to go let's jump in the first lesson low-hanging fruit the pinterest playbook so look i'm going to use this term quite a bit so i figure we define it this go around low-hanging fruit to me these are strategies that are easy to implement but they have a big impact on your business on your revenue okay so as opposed to high-hanging fruit which takes a lot more effort to get to right we got to climb we got to reach all of that it's a little bit more risky so i always want to capitalize on these simple and easy to do things that can bring us more business as you hear me you know if i say this is a low-hanging fruit that's exactly what i'm referencing okay this idea so one of the lowest hanging fruits out there and one of my favorite strategies is the pinterest playbook or sometimes they call it the pinterest hack so what you're going to do is we're going to kill two birds with one stone your clients are not only going to constantly feature your work but this is actually going to help you to deliver a better experience and on top of that it's going to they're

they're your clients are the ones that are actually going to boost you on Pinterest. So here's the concept and how it works. All you're going to do is you're going to install Pinterest onto your blog. Okay, feel free to use chat GPT Grok, whatever AI you like to learn how to install the Pinterest plug-in on your website host or platform. Okay, very simple. You go to chat GPT. Hey, I'm using show it. Hey, I'm using WordPress. How do I install the Pinterest plug-in onto my blog? Usually some of these some platforms will have instructions on how to do it as well. But my favorite place to do. I would just just go to chat GPT and ask now once that Pinterest plug-in is installed. I'm going to show you what it does. Okay, so let's jump over here. I'm going to go to the linager. So we'll go to the old blog. And basically anything on the blog. So like if I click into one of these weddings, let's go to one of them that I photographed. We'll click here. Okay. When you mouse over an image, it brings up the Pinterest button, right? You can pin things without this. It's not like you need to have this but what I like doing is installing it because if it's installed you make it part of your process and you're like you tell.

All your clients, like what I want you to do is hop over to the blog and I want you to pin maybe 10 images that resonate with you. Like so go browse through a little bit and pin something. And when they click the button, then it brings up their Pinterest login and they automatically log into it and they're able to pin it easily, right? So that's the point of the plugin is just to make it easy for them to be able to pin these different images. Okay, so what we're doing is we're gonna say during the client planning session, so whether it's by phone, whether it's by email, we're gonna ask them to basically pin 10 images. You wanna do this before the actual planning call, okay? So after they've booked and before the planning call, you say, hey, I'd love for you to pin 10 images and maybe for each one, just write like a couple words about why you like those images, okay? That's it. Now, a big note is to understand that clients, they don't necessarily pin the images that they most value. That's what the wave is for, right? So please don't dismiss the wave and be like, oh, I'm just gonna do this process. The wave creates your value board. This process creates like what resonates in style. So generally when they.

pin things, they're pinning things that resonate. Maybe it's a pose, maybe it's the colors, maybe it's something about the image, and that's why you're encouraging them to share, like tell me one sentence about what you like about this image. It gives you an idea of what resonates. So that's the playbook, and the beautiful thing is that once you are having the conversation with them, you actually can point back to those images in that planning session and really understand their style and what types of images resonate. When you pair that with your value board with the wave, then you know exactly what they want. You know exactly what matters to them. So it really helps level up your game as a photographer, but on top of that, they're actually pinning your images to Pinterest, which makes those images available to everybody that follows them, right? So it's a wonderful strategy, and in our heyday when we were doing this, we would get, I would get all of my friends that are photographers, and they'd be texting me like on a weekly basis, like dude, another one of your images is on my Pinterest, and my bride like pinned it, because our images just flood Pinterest, and it's our clients.

doing it, it's not like we're spending time on this. So this is the automated Pinterest hack, and it works regardless of kind of the genre that you're in. It's a really great strategy. So I gave you a little Pinterest mood board playbook. Step one is just to connect Pinterest. I already linked up kind of the most common instructions based on these platforms, so you can go check those out. But I also gave you an AI prompt, just how do I set up the Pinterest plugin on my blog and just put in your website platform, okay? Next, you send the email. I've given you that too. I'm trying to give you as much of this as possible. So before the shoot or the talk-through, you send the email instructing them to put together the Pinterest mood board. Obviously, you're gonna find these in the brand and strategy workbook, and I'm not expecting that you just cut and paste this. I'm expecting that you change it, make it your own words, adjust everything however you see fit, but it gives you a place to kind of begin with this, okay? And then from there, you're going to talk it through. So we're gonna schedule the talk-through prior to the shoot and you're gonna basically connect the wave. You're gonna connect their value board to the images that resonate on their mood board, okay? So we're not gonna use one.

in lieu of the other, basically, we're gonna use both these tools. Okay, now, looks like there's a question, let me just check it out. Is it good to only add pins to the blog or could it be on the whole website? I mean, you could do this on the entire website, but I think it's generally we just do it on the blog because the reason why is that I don't necessarily like the idea of putting it all over the images on the website because it very quickly allows them to leave the page, right? When you put it just on the blog, then you're directing them to that place and you're giving them instructions on like what it does. When they land on our homepage, when they're getting to know us, we wanna keep them there. So we wanna guide them through the website. So I would encourage you not to actually install it throughout the entire website, okay? That was a great question, by the way. So these on-topic questions, I love them. And just a side note, we film generally, when we add new modules, we're filming them live. You don't need to watch them live, but when we have relevant questions as we're filming live, then they make it into the material. Okay, so any other questions, please feel free to just bring them right to the Mastermind, or not the Mastermind, the mentorship group.

All right, now is this useful for other genres? Yes, newborns, yes, maternity, yes, family, yes, like literally every single genre. Weddings, of course. Branding, yes, why wouldn't it apply to branding? Why wouldn't, it might be a little bit different. Like you might say, if it's headshots and it's a very standardized product, right? Then we might go, okay, like maybe we don't use this strategy when the image is very homogenous, okay? When it's very like just standard. But even with headshots, if you have different styles, if you have different backdrops, if you cater it to a client, there's nothing wrong with saying, hey, go to the blog and pin a couple headshots that you feel like might resonate with the company's style, okay? There's nothing wrong with that. For branding, of course, like you're doing brand portraits, editorial portraits, all these types of things. Like I'm thinking of like one of our alumni, Carson, right? His imagery, he has these amazing editorial images in all sorts of different spaces, different CEOs, executives, chefs, all this kind of stuff. You absolutely want somebody to go looking through and seeing.

and all the different type of work that you create as you do this. Now, if you wanna make it very easy for somebody to do this, you could always put together like a best of blog entry. So like, this is my best of 2025, right? And let's say you feature 50 to 100 images. It's like your 100 favorite images that year. That would be a very easy way where you can say, just go check out this best of folder and pick out your 10 favorites, things that resonate with you, your brand, how you wanna communicate to a client, if it's a wedding client, how you want to feel, all that kind of stuff. But you can always make it very simple for them where they don't even have to go looking through multiple blog entries. They can just see like the best of in one as well, okay? So this is one of those low hanging fruits where I'm like, before we really go deep into social media, I think practically everybody should be doing this. So this is one where I would say pause and let's get this implemented, installed and into your workflow, because it's such an easy way of just getting your images out there and also improving your actual deliverable and process that for 99.9% of people.

this is going to be beneficial. All right, get to it. Holler if you have questions. I mean, holler in chat GPT on this one if you have questions. If it's technical, if it's not technical, bring it to the group. Okay, time to set up your social media profiles. So look, before we start publishing on social media, we obviously want to make sure that the actual profile itself is set up properly. Otherwise, it's like we're not really going to be able to get people to convert to what we're trying to sell them in terms of services, okay? So on every social profile, what I want to see is a nice big portrait of you because for most of us, we're building personal brands. The one exception to this might be if you're building an associate brand, you might instead use the logo rather than say one single portrait because you're building obviously an associated brand with a lot of different people. We want your clarified message in there. You know, I help people with this. I do this. I create this. We want that clarified message there. We want a big call to action that goes points straight down to the website, okay? Right there below, we either have a link to the website or we use a bio app. There's plenty of these like Lincoln biotype apps and we basically want to bring

bring them directly to our contact page. We wanna bring them directly to the place where they can actually reach out and book an appointment or a consult with us, okay? And then it's nice also if your account is verified, it adds a little bit of extra trustworthiness. I would say it's optional, but it's a nicety, okay? Annoying that we have to pay for that. I wish there was just a legit process to get verified. That's an annoying thing. So the basics, without these basics, a profile that includes basically what you do, how to get in touch, then it's like, why are we publishing videos, right? Because if we publish, there's really no way for them to connect the dots. Only somebody that's very, very interested is gonna see a video, not be able to connect the dots on their own. They're gonna go, oh, it's this company, so I'm gonna go and do a Google search. Very few people are gonna actually follow through with that. So let's actually help give them breadcrumbs through this process before we start really heavily publishing. Now, the platforms that I would like you to focus in on, Pinterest, obviously, you're just gonna use that Pinterest mood board playbook. So Pinterest is like an automated strategy. We're not gonna really spend much time there other than just that strategy that goes into your workflow.

you to spend the majority of your time is basically Instagram. Instagram has always been the ideal place for photography and people looking for photography so it makes it the strongest platform. If you want to pair with it Facebook like if you want to publish to a Facebook page as well that's totally fine but Instagram is kind of like the the bread and butter for this and the nice thing too is that your reels like whenever you publish shorts they're gonna be displayed on Facebook anyway so they they display when someone's in Facebook and they're looking at shorts they're actually seeing the the Instagram reels and they can click over and see those. The the other place I would say is if you are a branding or commercial portrait photographer then LinkedIn would be a great place as well to publish material too. Now for YouTube for most of you I would say we're really not gonna we're really not gonna focus on publishing there. You might want to like if we create a long form video we might host it via YouTube and embed it onto our website but we're not trying to build that platform out unless you're specifically trying to start a YouTube channel but that's really a different thing altogether different business different course altogether right and then tick-tock I would say skip this unless you really just love the platform and the environment

There the reason is is that a lot of studies have come out to show like tick tocks a really great place if you're selling Like a low ticket item, but for high ticket luxury purchases, it doesn't tend to translate So if you get a large audience, I'm not saying you can't get some of those people to convert What I'm saying is it's just not as effective as as say Instagram and because usually for most of us time is limitation I would rather you focus all those efforts on say Instagram versus splitting your time between two places Okay, so for most of us really what we're looking at is Instagram is gonna be the place where we're spending the most time And where we're publishing the most, okay Now the social media profile guide. So here's a guide to basically help you understand what to put in your profiles I went through a couple alumni's profiles. It looked like they already had most everything So I'm gonna I'm gonna go through what they have what they did really well And I'm also gonna give you a bit of feedback and critique as well So you guys know exactly what I'm kind of looking at. So this is Tom lebsack alumni Mott photography Great portrait like look at how large the picture is. You can see his face I hate it when I see a picture of somebody and it's like this

wide angle shot of them. And I'm like, I don't know who that is. And if we're building a personal brand, we should make it be personal, okay? So a large, nice portrait of you. Also, it needs to be nice. Like, don't use some shitty iPhone portrait that someone took randomly at some place. Like, let's make the portrait as good as your work, okay? If not, it's just like, why? Why would you, do you not practice what you preach type thing? Then we have our clarified message. For those who crave stunning backdrops and elevated experiences, great. The call to action, he put another line of like, award-winning wedding and family photographer. That's fine. Could we put something else in that might be more powerful? Maybe, but there's nothing huge with this. And then he has the learn more here with the arrow that goes down. Like, look at how easy we're breadcrumbing this, right? The link to the website right here, and he has the verified check. Now, if we're looking at how might we optimize this, these are some of the ideas that I would have, right? Look, the handle is already Mott Photography. We're wasting space by putting it again right here in the title, basically. All we need to do is say, Tom Lebsack. Like, that's it, right?

And then down here, for photography and videography, we've already kind of defined that. It's Mott Photography, and it's for those who crave, like you could say, like if you wanted to specify, like you've already said it here too, right? So these little inline, I believe you can turn this off, this little like category thing, you turn that off in your profile. The reason why we wanna turn off extra things like that is because oftentimes, if someone's on their phone, it'll actually cover up the link. They have to click more. They have to click more to get to the link because you have too many lines here. So we don't necessarily want to have all those lines filled up because it makes it so that way they can't see the call to action immediately. They have to click more to see the call to action. So I don't know, this line right here, I'm kind of like in between, could we maybe connect better, maybe something more personal. This one, the learn more here, I would rather there be like, you know, book a free consultation or taking weddings for 2026. You know, it's like something that's a little more direct, but I'm not, I don't hate learn more here. The other thing I mentioned was crossing out the he him. I would say.

trim this little piece unless inclusivity is a huge part of your brand. Like if inclusivity is a big part of your brand and it's mentioned everywhere, especially if you yourself might be queer, then that makes complete sense to have that there. It's becoming to the point where it's almost like a bandwagoning thing where everybody's just throwing it in there to be like, I'm inclusive, I'm inclusive, and it's losing its meaning if that kind of makes sense. So especially for a lot of people, if it's not part of your brand, it can almost take away is what I'm saying. So that's just thoughts on that, but you guys make the call. I would say most definitely keep it if it is part of who you are and part of your brand. Okay, Viviana's. So this is a sample for a brand portrait profile, right? Great portrait, I love it, got a good laugh, we got a clarified message, branding and headshots that match your impact. I dig it. It's so clear, branding and headshots that match your impact. Now you probably know what I'm going to say and the critique is like, well, if we're saying branding and headshots here, do we need to say branding and headshots here? So clarified message, points down below, book your photo shoot. I love that. I love how clear it is.

So ideas to optimize, right? We already have Viviana Cardenas right here. So if you wanna say branding and headshot photographer here, you can, right? You can do that. Or you could say it right here, but let's not put it in both places. Like what I'd rather see is, if you're gonna put Viviana Cardenas here, remind us it here, put branding and headshot photographer in this spot. And then you can say, I create brand portraits that, you can say, my name is Viviana and I create brand portraits that match your impact, right? So that would be a nice way of making it a little bit different. We obviously wanna monitor like how long it gets and whatnot. I think this is really cute. The dog plus children mom, it shows like little bit about you. Bridgewater, New Jersey, that's okay. Book your photo shoot. I love that call to action right there. And then the link right there. So look, I would say what's more important here than knowing you're in Bridgewater is probably making sure that this isn't too long. Like the call to action shows without having to click the more button. As long as the call to action shows without having to click more.

then include Bridgewater, New Jersey, that's fine. But if you have to click more to be able to see it, then I would say ditch Bridgewater, New Jersey, and just let's aim for having the call to action right there invisible, okay? So this is one of those optional lines that I'm like, it doesn't hurt, it doesn't like help in a ton of ways, but this is how I would kind of go about optimizing the profile. Now, why do we wanna set it up this way? Because someone is going to look at your content and it's not gonna be on the first time, but they're gonna see your content popping up now and then. And as they go, you know what, I wanna look into this, they're gonna click your profile to learn more and we want them to be able to see this and go directly to like your website, directly to the booking process, okay? The best link, by the way, in my opinion, if we're gonna link to someplace is the contact form. So if you're gonna use like a link in bio that has like multiple links, the first place is book a console, like let's get there, right? And that's also why we want those contact pages to be nice, we want them to be, you know, contain a little bit of experience information, that kind of thing, because we might be sending people directly there as a landing page. You can also send them to the homepage too, but I would rather than go straight to that, that call to action to actually book a console, okay?

So, one of the things that Steph asked is like is it important to show location up here for everybody? What I would say as far as location goes is if you're a wedding photographer or you tend to do high ticket work that allows you to travel and do it anywhere, then listing the location really isn't important. If you want to be specifically known in an area or if you only focus on clients in an area, then yeah, location would be nice to have in there. But what I want you to recognize is that you have a lot of space across the board. You have the handle itself, you have the title itself, you have the first line, and then you have space down here. So whatever you're listing in one place, don't duplicate it, right? If we have our name in the handle, don't duplicate it and put it again right there below. If we say branding and headshot here, we don't need to say it again right here. So that's the idea is that you have space to work with. If you feel like location is important because you want to only serve clients in a specific area, then I'm sure you'll have space in your profile as long as you're not being

redundant with this. And the main thing is that we wanna make sure we don't have to click more to see your call to action. Cool? So as long as you have that, I'm totally good with it. Okay, before we start social media, this is an important step, so pause, make sure you've actually set up your social media profile and really, at least one, I'm really talking about like Instagram, but if you wanna add in Facebook, by all means, you can set up more than one. If you wanna add in LinkedIn because you do brand portraits, by all means, but at least set up Instagram. Now, why do we want to viralize? So this is the V in leverage. This is the big meat of this module. Why do we wanna viralize with short-form content? Let's talk about it. So here we are inside the leverage framework. We're really focusing on this step right here. And what we're talking about with short-form content is basically Instagram Reels. Every platform calls it something different. So you have Instagram Reels, you have YouTube Shorts. On Facebook, they call it Reels as well. You have TikToks. It's any content that's basically 30 to 90 seconds or less than 30 seconds, so 10, 15, anything up to like 90 seconds. That's considered like, say, short-form content.

It's powerful. In fact, if I were to give you like the content power chart, okay, the types of content from most to least powerful, the areas that I would focus on, number one is short form content, so reels and shorts. Number two is carousel posts. These do very well. These are swipe posts, like Instagram has them. I believe LinkedIn can also do carousel posts, but carousel posts are nice. They do pretty well as well. Number three would be like stories. This is usually the place that I'll make kind of like my temporary journal, like what I'm doing today. Things that I don't want to live forever inside of my feed, but that I want to be featured in stories. A lot of people browse stories. It's how they connect with you personally. So they're very effective too. Static images. This was Instagram 10 years ago. You just post a single image that looks awesome. This is like, meh, wah, wah, like you don't need to do this anymore. If you really want to post a static image from time to time, fine. Like I'm not going to hammer you for it, but just expect it's not going to do that well. I would much rather you post a series of images, a sequence of images that could tell a story.

and post it as a carousel. It's gonna do 10 times better than just a static image, okay? And why? You're gonna learn because if people are swiping, the main metric that we're gonna be talking about is average watch time. They're gonna be staying on the page longer as they swipe to look through it, and so the algorithm is gonna feed it to more people because they're staying longer. Whereas a static image, they just swipe right by it, they spend hardly any time on it, the algorithm doesn't care and doesn't feed it to more. So I really would rather you post images if you're gonna post them on their own, just as carousel posts instead of static images, okay? But this is your content power chart. Short form is incredibly powerful, and the reason why is to me, I feel like short form is the ultimate bridge content, okay? The reason why we focus in on this is because short form is engaging, meaning it's simple and they tend to be interesting to watch, right? It's hard for us to create 10 minutes worth of video content where we're just like, you know, hitting hard nonstop and keeping somebody engaged. But I can keep someone engaged for 15 seconds pretty easily. That's not that difficult. So.

It's relatively simple to create, easy to watch and interesting as well, it's engaging. The other side of this is that it's personable. So we can build, you know, we work hard on building a lot of your personality into your website, but through an actual video, you connect with me on a level that is unlike anything I'm gonna see, unlike any sort of static image or anything you write up. So it's personable, it builds trust with your audience. They're easy and time efficient to create, relatively compared to like say long form content, which if you wanna make good long form content for say YouTube, that is difficult. Like we could spend 40 hours on one video. It's a different business altogether. That's why I'm like, let's not go that route, right? So it's easy and time efficient. We can create something in 15, 20 minutes, especially when you get good at this process, you'll find it can be even faster, okay? At the beginning, it's gonna take a bit more time. But I also believe that it's here to stay. So no matter the platform, no matter what people call it, I don't care if it's a short today and if it's a real tomorrow, and if it's a, you know, whatever the names are, the names are bullshit. The platforms are frankly kind of bullshit too, because the platforms can kind of come and go, right? But what's gonna happen is that short form.

is here to stay, why? Because the phone is here to stay. We're all on our phones constantly and it's the easiest way to absorb content is through some sort of platform that feeds it to us and we're there socializing and looking at things. Now the platforms could change over time but the actual practice of it is, in my opinion, not gonna change, at least not gonna change dramatically. So it's a fantastic piece of bridge content because no matter where we go, we get this easy way to create engaging, personable and interesting material. And it's this bridge. Look, I don't know you and you don't know me. Let's say we're on the outside on social media, right? I don't know you, you don't know me but before I ask you to go look at my website, before I ask you to do something, this short form content creates a little bit of a bridge like, hey, look, you don't gotta spend two minutes, three minutes doing something. You don't gotta go listen to a podcast. You don't gotta go to YouTube. Here's 15 seconds of who I am. It's a bridge. It allows us to quickly develop a bit of trust, a little bit of a relationship before that person goes, okay, I'm gonna click because I want to go deeper. That's what I mean by bridge.

content. This is the purpose of it. It allows somebody to develop the relationship with your brand until they're comfortable crossing the bridge to interact with you. And it's in a very non-committal way, which let's be honest, everybody's moving towards non-committal everything. Anyway, that's a different topic. But look, the other aspect of this is that short-form content is probably one of the quickest ways to get results when it comes to marketing your business. Like in terms of speed to market, I would contrast short-form content with paid ads. Now, the difference is paid ads are instantly out there when you're paying for them. And we have to get the targeting right on those, right? We kind of have to do the same thing with our short-form content. We just don't have control of the targeting as much as we might on paid ads. Like on paid ads, we can literally create an ad and then only show it to certain people. In content marketing and short-form, we create that same material, but we rely on the material and the algorithm itself to feed it to the right people, if that makes sense. But in terms of speed, this is that lever that we can pull on to get more business into our, more business into our business quickly.

Okay. So everyone's first question. So now that we understand like why short form content, why is this going to be the place that we're going to emphasize? Usually the next question that I get is how do I get more views, more views? How do I go viral? How do I? And instead of that question, what I want each of you to think about is how do I get the right views? This is so much better as a question. Okay. Now, when it comes to, and we're going to talk more about this, but when it comes to this idea of like, I'm getting no views, most photographers posts are going unseen. This is the 90%. So before we even get to creating good quality content, they done gone up multiple stages ago, because they don't know what they're selling. They don't know what they're promoting. They don't know who they're trying to communicate with. They don't know why their message matters. These are all problems that you all have resolved, right? At this point in the program, we have that laid out. It's why we did that work. But excuse me, I'm getting so into this. I love this material and it's got me coughing. Okay. It's got me coughing. Look, I want to show this to you and illustrate it in a very clear point to tell you.

you why we shouldn't be concerned about just views, but more so the right views to illustrate like what the concept is. Whenever we market blind, right? When we market blind, what we're gonna end up with is one of two results. We're either gonna have failure to launch, meaning that our brand gets no views and we're stuck in this place because we're marketing blind, right? So failure to launch is our videos just don't get seen, our brand doesn't grow, all of that. Or we're gonna end up with vanity metrics, meaning we might luck our way. We luck our way into something that actually succeeds and it gets 100,000 views and we're like, oh my goodness, we're getting views, that's amazing. But they're vanity metrics because those views go absolutely nowhere. So what are vanity metrics? Well, it's tons of effort, we get millions of these followers and then we get little to no actual sales. And if you think I'm BSing you right now, I wanted to give you a case study, a real case study. I watched Jeremy Little, when I was doing my TikTok experiment and I took my account from zero to 1.4 million in six months, another creator popped on there, his name was Jeremy Little, okay? This is back in 2020. And I watched him as he grew his platform.

And he was growing quickly. And what he was growing quickly with was telling jokes. Now, this is the funny part, is Jeremy outpaced me and now today, like if you look at the account, I stopped the whole thing. Who knows where we would have been if I continued. But now today he's at 4.6 million. He has 61 million likes on his videos. Not views, he's probably in the billions of views. He's got 61 million likes, okay? This is a lot. Now, I want you, if you're watching this live, if you're not, you can put it in the comments. But if you're watching this live, I want you to guess how many sales he got. And you're probably wondering like, sales of what? Because I was wondering, sales of what? It wasn't until six months later of following this guy that I realized Jeremy's selling beef jerky. He's actually selling beef jerky. And so today, you can go to his account and you can literally see, this is his beef jerky that he sells. Look at this, there are 100 sold. I mean, you'd want this to be like 10,000.

and plus sold, right? His best offer, number one best-selling shop, eight sold. Zesty Teriyaki Beef, two sold. This is his number one bestseller. It's not like we're selling a high-ticket product here. This isn't, you know, $2,500, it's $22. And frankly, for beef jerky, that's cheap, right? Depending on how many ounces you get. Eight. Would any of you have guessed 4.6 million followers and eight sales? Is that insane? To me, that's insane. So the point of all of this is to understand, this is the concept of vanity metrics. Yeah, he can say that he's got 4.6 million followers, a billion views, but what is the mother-effing point of all of it? Not all views are good views, and you can actually damage your overall brand without a clear vision and focus. And point being, does anybody know Jeremy Little as the jerky guy? It took me six months to even realize the dude was selling jerky. No, everybody.

knows Jeremy Little, and this is, I'm not a dig at Jeremy, by the way. I don't know him personally, it's just, I was like, this is a great case study, so please don't go and say anything to him, please don't do anything. This is just a case study to look at. Nobody knows him as that, and everybody knows him as the guy who tells jokes on TikTok and Instagram. And frankly, I don't really want to buy his jerky. I don't know if it's good, I don't know if it's quality, I don't know anything about it, other than every now and then at the end of his videos, he's like, he tells a joke. Hey, so little Timmy walks into a bar and does this, and at the end of the video, buy my jerky. And you're like, what the, like what? Anyway, I'm gonna tell you why soon in the next lesson why this is such a big lesson. I hope already you're like, oh my goodness, like Vanity Metrics, this is a real thing, right? But I'm gonna give you more on top of this as to why this is absolutely insane. And for those that are like, well, what if he doesn't really mention it? Like if you're thinking, maybe he doesn't mention enough. No, like I actually saw, and it's in there in the store. And then at the end of a video, usually every few videos, he puts in the call to action of like, buy my jerky. But the idea is like.

Like nobody knows him for that. This goes back to that whole thing that I've been hammering into your heads. Marketing without a properly established brand is capturing water with a broken bucket. Is this not the epitome of a broken bucket? I mean, you're literally holding not even a bucket. It's like a piece of a bucket underwater and you're like, I'm hoping something's gonna fall in here. No, 4.6 million followers later, eight droplets have landed in his piece of plastic. We've got your bucket good to go. There's one other concept here that I want to emphasize to you. As we're going down this journey, you're gonna get frustrated because I'm not getting a thousand views. I'm not getting 10,000 views. I'm not getting a hundred, whatever that number is in your head, right? I want you to accept the idea that we're, when I say viralize, it's always in the context of reaching more of the right people. And I want you to realize this first.

forgive the weird as hell AI image. I couldn't find another image with 100 people. I wanted to create a representation of 100 views. Now you're watching this. I know every one of you watching right now, if I asked you, do you have the ability to put up a post, a reel, and reach 100 views on social media? I think you would laugh and go, yeah, of course I can reach 100 people on social media. That's not a big deal, right? Of course you can. It doesn't matter if you have zero followers. You know that if you put up a reel right now, it's gonna reach over 100 people. Every single one of you, okay? We can agree that it's easy to reach 100 people, and you're gonna feel like I'm gonna laugh at that number. Like, that's not even anything. True. When you're looking at a room like this, it's not anything. But what if it was a room like this? This is 100 people. This is 100 people. They're both 100 people in the room. What if instead of a group of random people, your content went out and 80% of them?

were, say, engaged couples. I told the AI to give me a room of wedding couples because I thought it'd be the easiest to differentiate, so this is what it gave me. Okay, don't murder me for this, but it's a representation. What if they are 80 brand portrait people? What if they are 80 family portrait people? What if they're 80 people that want newborn photos or maternity photos? Then suddenly you're like, actually, now 100 views is a lot, right? Every one of you right now has the ability whenever you want to stand in front of a group of 100 plus people on social media and share something with them. Now, warning, I'm gonna curse. That is fucking powerful, and most of you are not even seeing it. Most of us are like, but I want 100 million views. I want all these people. 100 views is a lot as long as they're the right views, and guess what? You follow the steps inside of here.

You follow what I'm gonna give you, you're gonna be getting a lot more than 100 views. But I want you to recognize this is a fucking superpower that nobody recognizes or takes advantage of. And we get stuck on the number. How many likes did I get? How many views did I get overall? Instead of looking at, did I get the right people looking at this? Your avatar, that's why we built it. It's the key to understanding what content matters, okay? What you're selling, who you're trying to communicate with, why the message matters to them. And in short, I hope at this point, you're kind of starting to get clear on like, what type of content will my audience find valuable and interesting? Remember this guy? If I had six hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend the first four sharpening my ax. All of this. You sharpen your ax so we built the right website. You sharpen your ax so that we can actually create the right content. And now you sharpen your ax so we can go out into social media and target the right people. Now I know the next question is, okay, so what in the hell do I post? It's gonna be really simple and I'm gonna walk you through the steps of.

and we're gonna start easy, okay? But if I were to simplify it down, all we're doing is we're showing potential clients what you do in a way that's educational, engaging, and maybe entertaining even, okay? This module is gonna be the training and the examples of exactly how to do that. Before we jump into that process in this next lesson, I want you to understand how the algorithm works in a nutshell, because it's gonna really clear up how the content that you create should kind of operate, how long it should be and what it should be. Understanding how the algorithm works is gonna help bring a lot of clarity to that before we dive into actually creating. So let's get that now. How every algorithm works in a nutshell, okay? Now, why are we gonna spend time learning the algorithm? Because I feel like if you understand how the algorithm works, you're gonna immediately know things that you should potentially avoid, okay? Things like making videos too long or not being very clear as to who we're targeting or not specifying and creating hooks in each video. It's gonna become crystal clear in this process, okay?

Now, we are not, to be clear, trying to game the system. Gaming the system is virtually impossible. None of us know exactly how the algorithm works for any of these companies. And every one of these companies, their algorithms vary. But I can tell you this, they're pouring the best minds into it. Frankly, I wish these minds were doing things that were more important than designing algorithms. But they're getting the best minds. It's millions and millions of lines of code, lots of AI, and billions of dollars going into these algorithms. And the algorithms are designed to basically get you, whoever you are, the right type of material to look at. Why? Because they want to buy your attention, okay? It's all about attention. Attention is valuable. If we can keep you on the platform longer, we have something that's very valuable. So trying to actually game the system is a fairly narcissistic kind of pursuit, right? Because what you're really saying is like, me, this little guy, I am more intelligent than everyone else, all the AI, and all the billions of dollars that have been thrown at this, because I'm gonna find the loophole. So number one, it's like, really? Are we really gonna find the loophole? Number two, even if you did find a loophole.

They generally get repaired within a very short time. They get fixed really quickly and they lead you to the wrong audience anyway. So anytime you hear something like, well, just follow trends or just use this sound, I can't tell you. For like two years, my whole feed was, oh, this sound is trending. Jump on it right away. That's what the coaches were saying, like, this sound is trending. You should use this right away. You're going to get a million views. Check out this person. They got a million views by using this. Even if you end up getting those views, even if you find a way to game a system, you're unlikely to actually reach the right audience. You're not going to be able to consistently create engaging content and you're going to grow an audience that's actually disengaged with your content. Sorry. That should say disengaged, not engaged. Okay. So let's not worry about any of that. Let's not worry about trying to, you know, follow trends, sounds, you know, like, like all this gaming stuff. Let's just toss that out as complete bullshit. I will tell you when some of it can like make an impact, but the reason why it is, it'll be psychological and it should make sense to you. Okay. But we'll cover that in just a second. For now, let's, let's toss it all.

What every algorithm wants is AWT. Drill this into your head, AWT, average watch time. Average watch time just means how long somebody spends on average watching a particular video. Okay, the better, the more the average watch time, the better, the longer they are keeping somebody on a video and the longer they're keeping them in platform. Really simple, right? YouTube operates this way, Instagram operates this way, doesn't matter if it's long form, doesn't matter if it's short form. Look, the bottom line is if someone is watching your video, that means it's good and so they're gonna serve it to more people. If average watch time is high, it gets served to more people. That's it. The best part about this is that, I don't know if you've heard in the education and coaching and YouTube world, a lot of people talk about followers being dead. The idea of having followers or subscribers is dead. The reason why is because the algorithms are so good at finding what people like, what they want, that you can get an insane amount of reach despite having no followers. So followers can be somewhat helpful. They're people that you know are gonna continue engaging with your stuff, but it's not something to focus on because you're.

reach is no longer limited by following. Whereas 10 years ago, yes, followers had a huge impact on your reach, today it does not, okay? And that's beautiful, it levels the playing field. As long as your content is good, it's gonna get served up regardless of how many people follow you, okay? So let's make this very simple. If it's all about average watch time, this is the average percentage of the video that your audience watches, then what it kind of means is if you have, let's just say for example, we have a 10 second video so that these numbers are easy, right? 30% average watch time means on average, people watch it for three seconds. The algorithm goes, that's pretty good. I'll serve this to some people. 70%, they watched it for seven seconds. The algorithm goes, hey, that's pretty great. I'm gonna serve it to even more people. And then if it's 100% plus, maybe it's 150%. That means that on a 10 second video, the average person watched it one and a half times. It goes, this is fantastic. Whenever you get into this range, you're looking at a viral video because it's gonna keep serving it to more people because the average watch time is up. Now what's happening is as it says, I'm gonna serve it to more,

usually happens with the videos, you start off with like 70% and it goes, I'm gonna serve it to more. And it keeps serving it and then your average watch time drops 60%, 50%. And when it gets to a number, nobody knows what these numbers are. These are just ideas that I'm throwing out, okay? We don't know what the specific numbers are. I'm giving you a representation of that. But as it serves it to more people, what eventually happens is it reaches an equilibrium. Or, and when it reaches that space where it's like, okay, we found the audience. People watch it for around this time. We're gonna serve it to only those people that are interested in it. And that's it. Something goes viral when they serve it to more people and your average watch time holds or gets better. Like as more and more people see it, they're like, man, everybody is finding this to be interesting. So we're gonna keep serving it to more. In a nutshell, this is all you need to realize when it comes to like creating good content is average watch time. That's it. And what this should tell you is a video that is fantastic at 10 seconds

is not necessarily fantastic at 20 seconds. If somebody watches a 10 second video for 10 seconds because you made it engaging and interesting, that video will be served to more people than if you make a 20 second video that someone only watches for 10 seconds. So this should point at the idea of economy, economy of words, economy of length, does this concept make sense? I'm hoping so. What it says is we're always better off making a more interesting, more engaging video that's shorter than worrying about making it longer. And if we're gonna make it longer, we wanna make sure that every second of that video deserves to be there. Because if not, average watch time drops and our reach drops. Okay, so knowing the algorithm, now I'm gonna kind of reference back that Jeremy Little case study and we're gonna talk about average watch time and why it's so important to develop the right audience.

study. He's not the jerky guy, right? He's the guy on Instagram or TikTok that tells jokes. So what I want you to think about is this, and if this lights up an aha moment, I want you to jump in the mentorship group and post. Holy shit, I get it now. This is how your own brand can damage you if you get the wrong people following. I want to ask you a question. I want you to think about this. Jeremy has 4.6 million followers. Every one of those are expecting a joke video. The algorithm, when he uploads a video, is going to serve the video to maybe a thousand, two thousand of those 4.6 million, right? Of his followers, it's going to serve that video to a chunk of them, and it's going to read back if they're interested. What happens when Jeremy uploads a video about beef jerky instead of a joke? His own audience swipes past it and destroys his average watch time. Does that make complete sense now? How the wrong association with your brand can...

and actually damage your brand. So his own audience is gonna become a limiting factor in reaching more people if he wants to talk about jerky or about whatever else, anything that is not a joke because everybody there is there for a joke. It's not because they hate Jeremy. It's just because when they see his face, they're like, oh, is it a joke? Oh, it's not a joke, I'm gonna swipe by. So audience misalignment basically means that your average watch time, it drops right out of the gate because your own audience is not interested in what you're showing. Now, if you have like 1,000 people, 2,000, 5,000, 10,000, is it a death nail? Not necessarily because your videos are gonna be served to say a portion of your audience that's interested and it's gonna be served to non-followers as well. But what it says is the followers are gonna depress or suppress your average watch time. The followers are the ones that are gonna lower that number and depending on how many followers you have, like it can be not great. I would say don't concern yourself if you have 10,000 followers.

but they're not the right followers, don't worry yourself about it. I have a hundred and, I think each time I film this, like my follower count drops because initially when I was doing all that testing back in 2020, I grew my Instagram following from like 25,000 people to like 250,000 in about a month and a half by just posting iPhone like tutorials, like how to take better pictures with your phone, right? And then as I'm like, I don't wanna be doing this forever, this was just an experiment. I started just creating business content. And of course the follower number just drops nonstop. Now, truthfully, I would be better off creating a new account that was focused on photography business content than continuing. The thing is that I kind of use my own pie at, pie jersey at Instagram, that account is like my play account. It's my journal, it's like a play account. I'm not trying to develop anything out of that. But if I were, I would most certainly start up a new account because each one of those existing followers, they are unlikely to be there for the reason that I might wanna be talking. And they're gonna depress my average watch time right out the gate. Okay. What I'm hoping you guys understand and take from this outside of like.

Like, okay, now I know how the algorithm works. Now I know like what's going on. I'm hoping you're also gonna get out of this knowing that, okay, Shortform is not just this idea of TikTok or Instagram Reels or YouTube Shorts. These are just platforms. Those can come and go. What you're gonna build in terms of a content library here, what I'm gonna teach you to build, you can publish onto any of these platforms. Like if a new thing comes out and everybody moves to it, we move our library to that new place. So it's not like we're limited in this, okay? I also want you to recognize that none of this is dancing and following trends. Like this is stupid. If you wanna dance, by all means, but you don't have to do this to reach millions of people, okay, to reach or even like just thousands of the right people, okay? And it's not about gaming the algorithm and trying to keep up to date on all these like stupid little hacks of like, oh, use this sound and do this. What Shortform is, is providing value in less than 90 seconds. Something, it's you learning how to communicate effectively and in an engaging way in a short window. And truthfully, this is a skill that has benefited me so much just outside of creating content. When I took what I learned.

I'd been doing content in 2020, I'd been doing content on YouTube for a while, like seven, eight years. So I was pretty confident with how I create content. I'm like, I'm gonna take that and I'm gonna go to ShortForm and learn and apply everything. What I learned from doing ShortForm wasn't just ShortForm content, it was how do I communicate to anybody in a quick and efficient manner? And that is translated to my ability to sell, it's translated to the way I communicate with my friends, it's translated to everything. So this is a skillset that is gonna take you well beyond simply just learning social media, okay? This is gonna grow as a medium too, because it's the easiest bridge content that we have, right? Like I said, it's transferable and that aspect, personally, I think is the most valuable part of this. It's gonna be, yes, it's gonna improve your ability to sell, it's gonna improve your ability to communicate with your wife, your husband, your partner, all of that is gonna improve because you're gonna realize like, oh, I can actually say a lot without saying much. And that becomes really strong.

tool. Okay, so your focus as we move forward, I want you to create content that your audience wants to watch. We're going to focus on watching our average watch time. We're going to focus not on views, but making sure that we're getting the right views. And we're going to build this up and believe me, it's going to come quickly. But I also want you to give yourself some patience, some grace, because there's a learning curve here. I'm going to help you through it as fast as possible. And once you get through it, you're going to be like, I used to hate social media. Now, I kind of like it. I like being able to reach my people whenever I would like. And it's kind of easy. Yeah, we still need to control like, you know, we don't want to be on it all day. There's still downsides to it. But you're going to see the benefits in a way that you haven't seen before. All right, let's jump to the next lesson. Some meat, let's get into some meat, the anatomy of viral content. I want to give you again, we're still talking about that first V and leverage, I probably shouldn't highlight every single V because it could be confusing. But okay, I want to give you some actual tools and ideas just to start thinking about of like, how do we know what good content is? And here's the thing is the first little bit of creating content.

I want you to actually use templates. I want you to use templates. I've created a few for you that are free. They're part of the program. There's like 14, 15 of them in there. And then we also have a partner that we'll talk about in a bit for more templates. But throughout all of it, as you're starting and using these templates, I want you to recognize the pieces of good content, okay? So we're gonna talk about those pieces because you're gonna learn the language through basically these templates and through practicing a little bit. First is the three E's of good content. I didn't make this up. This is a marketing thing that's been around for a long time. Some people call it the four E's. They add E's to it. You know, don't care. The original three E's are good enough. What it really means is that good content will either educate, it will either engage, or it will either entertain. Or it can do more than one of those things. And the sweet spot is when you can get content to land in between all of them. So educate is pretty simple, right? It's content that gives knowledge, it gives information. Engage is content that moves people. It's content that maybe ties into like a belief system. Gets them to like, to share, to discuss, comment. Anything controversial falls under the engage kind of section, right? And then entertain, this is fast paced.

visually dynamic, it could be interesting, it could be humorous, it could be dramatic. All of those things would be different ways to entertain. And the sweet spot is when we can kind of land in the middle, like if I were to say something photography related, right? If I were speaking to photographers, not to clients, I might say something like, look, I love Canon and here's what I'm gonna say. I think they're the best camera brand out there and this is why. So I'm gonna educate, but I'm also gonna engage by kind of like giving an opinion that's a little bit controversial and people are gonna be like, no, Sony's the best, no. And we're gonna make it kind of like entertaining, right? So this is an idea of how good content falls inside of the three E's. And by the way, it doesn't mean that you can't just educate, can't just, well, we're not entertainers. A lot of photographers, their content will start out and it's just educational and that's okay. Like it's just helping them in the client journey. But we wanna slowly start making it more fast paced, more interesting and kind of build ways to make it more engaging as well, okay? And it's not as hard as you might think. Then there's the five S's of good content design, okay? This is something that I wrote up just to.

Keep in mind, as you are actually creating the content, that good content is generally short. It's generally simple, okay? Even when we're expressing something that's complicated, we're making it simple. It makes the audience the superhero. This is about helping them on their journey. It's not about why you're awesome, okay? It's shareable. It's something that they could go, hey, this is some great tips. There's good information here. I can share it with somebody else. And it's something that supports your actual call to action, okay? It's related to what it is that you want to be pushing, unlike Jeremy Little's, where it does not support his call to action, right? Okay, the last thing I'm gonna say is that good content will always hook somebody within two to three seconds. What a hook is, it's that first little opening that hooks them, that gives them a reason to stay, that gives them a certain promise of here's what happens if you stay here, and then you deliver on it, right? The thing is that there's more than one type of hook, and I'm gonna give you examples of this. You could have a visual hook. This is like me doing something fancy. It could be a camera movement. It could be me, like, have you seen

at this list, and you'll realize, oh, each of these templates are hitting one or more of the Es. Oh, they're all short, they're simple. They feature the client. Some may be more shareable than others. Shareable often has to do with like the type of content inside, whether it's inspirational or informational in a way someone can share. But you'll see, oh, they all have hooks. And you're gonna see how that language works very quickly. By simply comparing this against the templates so that we can move you to a space where not only do you use templates, but you can also be comfortable publishing your own content. We'll talk about that too. Okay, so what I would like for you to do is to actually test this checklist against each new video that you upload. You don't really need to pause because I just have that same slide. But we're not really pausing. Anytime you upload something, anytime you're about to ready to test a video, I want it to be compared to this. I want you to see if you can check off as many of these boxes as possible. And if you've created a piece of content and you're like, it doesn't check all this, it doesn't mean I don't want you to publish it. Publish it.

Watch how it does. Next time, try to hit more of the boxes, and you'll be like, oh, that video did even better. So I don't want you to look for perfection and be like, oh, I didn't check all the boxes, so I better not publish this. I want you to grow as you go, okay? This is gonna be a thing that comes over time, and I need to get you practicing the language of it, not just waiting to get it perfect. That's never gonna happen. All right, next lesson. Speaking the language of social media. So again, what we're gonna do here is we're gonna start simple. I'd like, before you're creating your own custom content, start with a template so you can learn this language, you can compare it against the list, and kind of begin there. Now, to be able to do this, there's a few things that we need, okay? On every single shoot that you go onto, I want you to make sure that you're getting wide, medium, and tight imagery. I would also add to this portrait aspect ratio, landscape aspect ratio. Some of you are only shooting landscape images, and they don't work well on social media. So, let's get wide, medium, and tight images. Some of you are only shooting tight images, reaction shots, and things like that. We need different angles. We need portrait and landscape. Slow yourself down.

so you can get some variety in each scene that you work with. Okay, other things that work very well are image sequences. If you're doing a little walk, some little cutesy action, whatever it might be, do an image sequence of them doing that, because that by itself can make for a great piece of content, which you'll see later. Okay, before and after imagery. This is a great optional thing. Like if you've got a setup, you can always get a little bit wider, take a shot of it behind the scenes, and then take the final shot. That's a really fun one. And it's very easy to do and put into a piece of content as well. And last is b-roll. I need you to get b-roll. You can use your phone, but I need you to get b-roll. If there's one here that I'm going to like, well, they're all important. I would say if there's two that I'm going to star, it's the b-roll and it's the wide medium tight imagery along with portrait and landscape. As long as you have those two things, you're good to go. But if you can add these image sequences and befores and afters, then that's the icing on the cake. Okay, we had a lot of questions about this. So I want to make sure this was built into V2. Okay, my favorite devices for behind the scenes. I also linked up certain things that you might need.

My favorite device for behind the scenes is just my iPhone. Okay, I use my iPhone. The second favorite is Metaglasses. I'm probably gonna get a pair of those. The thing with the iPhone or just a phone is it's good quality, it's always with you. The con to it is that you generally need a stand or an assistant, and that might hang you up. But look, I do weddings, which means that there's almost always either an assistant or someone that can hold the phone and get a behind the scenes video of something. So that's totally fine. And using a stand when I'm like doing an engagement session, that's not a big deal. But if that's an issue for you, then Metaglasses are awesome. And there's a new version of these coming out too. But look, good quality, it's a great point of view. You have glasses on your face. Now I tried these recently and they were tinted lenses. So I'm actually gonna get a pair of Metaglasses. I'd recommend if you wanna use these just for filming that you get clear lenses because I found that going indoors wearing Metaglasses with tints on them made it hard to see the screen. It also tinted the colors that I was seeing on the camera. So that's a fantastic option. Really great point of view, easy to use, awesome. The only con is basically if you don't like wearing glasses or if they give you headaches or something. Or the Insta360, this is great quality.

It's full 360 perspective. The con of the Insta360 or even like a GoPro is that you have to sort through a lot of footage. And with the Insta360, you have to use their software to basically find the footage, the angles. It can be a little bit time consuming, but if you like this option, that's a great one too. And what I'd really recommend is use the Costco loan program, okay? The Costco loan program, for those that don't know, is you go to Costco or a place that has, like Amazon has a decent 30-day program, and you try something out, and if it doesn't work, you got 30 days or Costco gives you 90 days, and you just return it. Yes, that is the Costco loan program. It's their own policy. Don't hate me for it. Like, look, not trying to be shady here. I don't do it over and over again. Maybe once or twice. All right. Tom gave a really great, so I gave you guys some links to each of these items. Tom gave a really great setup for this, and so I wanted to like call attention to it, and I also used his affiliate links right here to kind of help Tom out. So if you decide to go this route, these are his links. But basically, he has a shoulder mounted, so if you're using like a camera strap, this is the Holdfast Moneymaker. If you're using that camera strap.

then you can actually strap like a Insta360 or another camera directly to it. And he mounts it horizontally, which I think is the ideal angle because it gives you a better kind of point of view versus the tall angle. But anyway, this is his setup. These are the links for the different parts you would need for that. And we'll give Tom a shout out for putting that together because people were having questions on that. Okay, I don't care how you do it. Pick any of these. Bottom line is I just need you to get decent behind the scenes. Remember, social media is showing what you do, showing what you do, showing what you do. We cannot show what you do without behind the scenes video, okay? And believe me, when a client sees you working behind the scenes and they see you engage with somebody and they're like, man, Bob, you are so personable. Man, Meredith, you are so incredibly good with pets, with animals, with people. Man, Carson, the way that you direct and when they see that, that is one of the biggest elements of social proof and sales you can get to them because nothing can convey.

that like literally seeing you in action. It's powerful, we need it. This also means that if you haven't yet developed out your portfolio and we're going and putting together these planned test shoots to create the right images that fit your portfolio, that fit the brand that you're trying to create, every single test shoot you should be getting behind the scenes video of like every good shot that you have. Even if you get a shot and you're like, wow, that's a really nice shot. And you're like, oh, I wasn't filming. Do it again, hit record, pretend to take the shot again or just take it like, I wanna try one more thing guys. Let me just try this one. Oh, let's do another shot here where I try a little bit of a different pose. Do it again, spend the 30 seconds. You don't need, for good behind the scenes, we need 15 seconds. You don't need to be there for minutes upon minutes like doing something, we need 15 seconds. Something that shows an interaction, it shows a scene, that's it, okay? If it's longer, by all means, but in general, when it goes into a clip, you're gonna shorten it down to like three to five seconds anyway, all right. Okay, so I have a bit of homework now. I want you to create your first short via our templates.

It's okay. So in the step one for this is just go to your brand strategist, not your brand, I'm sorry, your brand and strategy workbook. I should have not have named those so similarly. But under the resource tabs, we developed basically several templates for you that you can utilize, okay? These are all different templates that kind of just tie into things that are interesting. It helps you kind of gauge how to speak on social media basically. And each one of them has a description and like the recipe. Like this one is one behind the scenes video, eight final images, okay? This one's 31 final images, so it's just a slideshow. This one's one BTS. There's some in here that are like one BTS and four images. One, three BTS videos, which are like three small pieces and one final image, two BTS, one final image. So, you know, you're gonna pick one based on the material that you might have from the shoot, okay? And here's what we're gonna do. So pick one, we're gonna edit it via canvas. So these are all on the desktop. They're not like the, it's much easier than like say creating this from scratch, but still it's a little bit annoying that you gotta go to the desktop and do this. We're gonna have other tools for you that I'll show you in a bit. But you're gonna click the link and you're gonna.

to click use template so let's just go through this together okay so let's do one of these we'll do one that's kind of fairly simple to BTS one final image beautiful things and we're gonna hit that one okay now what we want to do is use the template it's gonna give you a link you know what let me do this let me open this I'm gonna copy the link and we're gonna open it incognito because I think I'm already logged into Canva so let's I want you guys to see the view that you'll get mother tutter oh did it did it actually give me the same link okay let's go back and copy that one link copy okay you got to be joking is that one link broken maybe you guys can set it up test it if anyone's watching live and I'm gonna grab a different one if it is I'll fix it later so let's look at

Okay, I'm gonna click Edit Brand Template. What you'll see on your side is you should see a prompt that basically says Use Template for New Design and you're gonna select that, okay? You're not gonna have the ability to edit the templates. I converted some of these to brand templates, which is why maybe right now some of the links are broken. But if they are, I'll fix them real quick. What you're gonna do is insert your B-roll, your final images, and just make sure that the timing is correct. And then you're gonna download it as a 1080p video and you can publish from there, okay? So you'll see very quickly what this is. So this is. You wanna see something cool? No. Well, I'm gonna do it anyway. What, what, what, what, what, what? Okay, very simple. This is two behind-the-scenes videos. You wanna see something cool? No. Well, I'm gonna do it anyway. And then a final image, right? Now, as you're looking at this, I want you to kind of start thinking about speaking in social media terms, right? Because look at how short this is. And by the way, there's instructions on the beginning of each one of these, okay? But look at how simple this is. It is roughly, let's see, two. It's less than 10 seconds in total. Yo, you wanna see something cool? It explains one thing.

No, well, I'm gonna do that one thing and then it shows now What else is there? There's actually so there's a text hook there, isn't there? explaining one thing flash explaining another thing But there's also an audio hook. The audio hook is the song itself This is where a trending sound can be potentially useful the reason why it's useful is because a lot of people have already heard this sound and They know that there's a drop in the song, right? And so what they're gonna do is they're gonna wait for the drop because when they see you show behind the scenes And they see this they're gonna go. Oh, there must be a reveal. There must be a payoff So they wait for the drop in the song and as they wait for a drop because they're trained to do that What does it do to average watch time? Well, i'm gonna do it. It lifts your average So editing these are very simple. The only thing that I would note here is when you're so if I go to Just look at videos that I have right? These videos aren't going to necessarily sync up But let's grab this video. The only thing that I would actually that video is a video by itself Let's use this one. The only other dimension is when you grab a video

So like this one's 14 seconds and this one is what is this? 1.9 seconds, right? It's going to adjust the time to this new length. So see how it adjusted the time to that new length. I'm gonna pause this so it doesn't keep going. So the important thing to remember is to click on this and just trim it right here to 1.9. Okay, you trim it to 1.9 and then you use this little slider to move it around as to like which 1.9 seconds you want it to be, okay? So that's the main thing is just make sure that you actually trim it. And I think I actually did this on two layers instead of one layer. So there we go. So you select this. I wish it did not play it every time I clicked it. You go 1.9 seconds. Okay, hit enter. And then you just move this around to the correct 1.9 seconds and then you're good to go. So basically what I'm saying is make a mental note. This is two seconds. So when you drop the new one in, it's two seconds. Adjust that back at two seconds. When you do that.

Let's mute this as well. I'm gonna mute the audio on this one. Yo, you wanna see something cool? No. Okay, when you do that, then it lines up back with the audio in the background. I'm gonna do it anyway. What is, what is, what is? Okay, I know there's a little bit of quirks in this process. It's a little bit annoying, but it's still much, much faster than creating this on your own. And with the templates, it allows me to show you kind of how this, what good content might look like, okay? Obviously, you'd change. You can double click and you can change any of the text, the copy. You can change the style of it. You can move it around. You can have it point at different things. You could delete it. Like if you're like, oh, I don't need these two pieces for the video. I'm gonna just delete these off and you're good to do that too. I would recommend some form of a text hook though. Like the text hook could be, wait for it. The text hook could be, you know, check out the final shot. The text hook could be, join me behind the scenes. Like have some sort of a hook there to like let them know something's coming, okay? So that when someone sees it, they stay on the video. All right, let's jump back here and make sure we got everything. So yeah, when you wanna download, you click share and you go to download and then you go MP4 video and then you just do 1080p.

You could up it to 4K if you wanted to, but you don't need to. The one thing I wanna mention was, make sure you deselect the instructions page every time you do this. So every one of the templates will have an instruction page. Make sure you don't select an instruction page when you download it, obviously, okay? You hit done, and then you hit download. It'll automatically save it out as your video, and you're good to go. Now you've got really cool videos with all these templates. And you can use the same template multiple times, by the way. You could also even swap out the audio and everything if you wanted to. But start with what we have, play with it, and then you're gonna go ahead and upload it to the platform of choosing, which usually, for most of you, it's gonna be Instagram. Okay. Yes, for the most part, by the way, these are all, I think we tried to use assets in this that can all be used with free accounts. So if you'll notice back on the brand strategist, it says free versus pro. Every one of these should be using free assets. So you guys can use these, whether you have a free or pro account. Okay. Play with these. It's a good place to start. Holler if you have any issues, or better yet, technical issues.

But yeah, hopefully this video will give you a complete guide on exactly how to go through those. And then you're going to pause. I want you to finish and publish your first short-form video, all right? Feel free to post. I'd love to see when you have that video ready to go. I'd love to check it out. What I don't recommend doing, by the way, is heavily modifying these templates, extending out time because you're like, oh man, I want to show more behind the scenes. Don't lose what we've already created for you in those templates. The quick shortness, the engagement, the entertaining aspect of it, the synced up to the beats and all that. Let's not modify until you kind of have a good grasp of the language. All right, let's jump to the next lesson. So the easiest viral content formula for photographers. We're in a space where this is so incredibly simple and this formula works nonstop. You can hit this formula as much as you want on social media. Are you ready for this? Behind the scenes and a final image, okay? Show what it is behind the scenes and then show a final image. Less than 10 seconds. It's simple. It's interesting.

It shows your audience exactly what you do. It meets all of the criteria. It makes your subject the superhero too because they are the subject of the final image. They're the superhero. It's also very shareable. When someone sees something cool they like, they click that share button. Hey, we should do a shoot like this. Hey, let's go and reach out to them. I wanna do this too. BTS plus final image. This is so incredibly simple. I'm gonna show you how to level it up a little bit. We're gonna level it up with a text and visual hook and make sure that there's an audio track that kind of leads people to that payoff. So again, ideas that we've been talking about of like how to do this, right? I'm gonna give you an example. Rocktown Media. He has built an entire brand. He's approaching a million followers right now of all the right followers. And this is every single video that he posts, okay? All it is, and I'm gonna have to pull it up because it looks like it didn't show me this little link here. So we're gonna go pull it up. Let's go Rocktown. Let's go Instagram first. Okay. Rocktown.

all right Jason Sterling so check this out he's got these ones pinned but literally all it is behind the scenes yeah and they don't even have to be this long by the way this one's a ready? 1, 2, 3 go reaction and then final image I think this would be even stronger if that was shorter There it is. To me, this was good. It's a good video. You would get many more views if that whole thing was condensed down to okay. 3, 2, 1 smash reactions pay off less than 15 seconds. You'd have so many more views, but still, this is great. Okay. And by the way, look at this.

This is why this one is only 1.4 million views versus I'll bet this one gets to it quicker. This one probably gets there even faster. Visual hook. Doing something weird, crazy, right? Audio hook. The song, right? It's trending. Oh, what are we doing? Last dance comes up. This was perfect. This is the right length. Notice, 30 times more reach than this one. It's exactly what I'm telling you. I'll just follow this simple, short, easy framework and you're going to get a lot of views. When we start extending things, like, oh my gosh, this is so long, then we're really asking people to wait for a payoff. But that's it. Every single one of these. Every single one of them. Frankly, his images are good, but I know so many of you can do the same, if not better imagery. It's just you're not showing it. You're just not showing it. That's it.

That's it. A video can be multiple. I kind of like it when it's just one. But you can also do one, and then you can do another video that shows three, like this one, right? But the simplest formula is one behind the scenes and a final image. So easy. I gave you another example. Oh, I'm gonna have to find. I didn't link them up, and I realize why I should have linked them up now. It actually doesn't save the video into the PDF. But I can find this one because I think I had it going. Oh, it's actually one of the templates. So let's go back here for one sec. You know what? I don't wanna burn you guys' time. I think you guys get the point of this. This one is literally one of your, you should have this template, actually. And it's just the moment you drop in a BTS, and it's the final image of them on the beach. Super easy. So the BTS to final image, this viral formula.

All you do, behind the scenes video, you just need to gather your ingredients. This is why we want these each and every single time, okay? Show the process. I like it to be like three seconds of like an engaging thing, like anywhere between three to five seconds of like, oh, just lower this a little bit, try this. We see like you interacting. We see, you know, what's happening. And then the reaction, like showing them, and you go, oh, they go, oh, wow, that's amazing. And then the payoff, okay? And then all you're gonna do, the payoff is the final image. So it needs to be a solid image, right? I see a lot of photographers screw this up when the payoff is not that great. Like you get to the very end and you're like, wah, wah, that image was not a very good photograph, okay? So we need the payoff to be a solid image. Does it need to be award-winning? No, but it needs to be decent, right? It needs to be impressive. And then audio, choose an appropriate song, one that has, it's nice if it's a trending song because people are listening to it right now, especially if there's a drop in that song, right? If there's a drop that's perfect for the reveal, fantastic. Now look, all of these highlighted templates right here are the BTS to final image formula. So you can start with these.

Every one of these templates. And there's the moment versus the shot. Let me just see if we can pull that up briefly and take a look at it. Okay, that's what you're supposed to see, by the way, when we click on one of these. And you just click, you're gonna click view template. I'm the one that gets the edit template because they're saved in my account. So what I'll do is just click open the editor. Okay, and then here is a moment versus the shot.  Love of mine   I'll never feel the way I'm realized  It's so damn easy, isn't it? And what I would say is you can do the moment versus the shot. You can change this to wait for it. I don't care. You can make the text yours if you want, but don't like, you know, don't make it ugly, but like change it to however you see fit. But we want, look, there's a text hook, there's an audio hook, and then there's a payoff. Very simple, yes? We feeling it? Like, man, it doesn't have to be that difficult, right? Now, regarding like.

Calls to action, okay? I generally like calls to action to be in the caption below the video. So you say like a sentence about like the shoot, you know, a great session out here, loved working with so and so, here's our amazing team. If you're looking for a wedding, if you're looking for a maternity, if you're looking for a whatever, fill in the blank, click the link in my bio. That's your call to action, leave it in the caption. The reason why we do that, how can you quickly muck up your video? Well, I could quickly muck up my video by going and adding another slide at the end of this and putting my logo on that slide and reach out to me here. Why does that muck it up? If you're thinking it lowers your average watch time, you are absolutely correct because you're gonna add three seconds of length to the video. Nobody's gonna hang around to watch that thing. They're gonna see it and immediately bounce. It gets annoying after a while too if every single one of these videos has a on-screen call to action. Doing it now and then is okay, but it gets annoying after a while.

it's annoying, and you've lengthened the video by three or four seconds, which lowers watch time. So don't do those things, okay? Simple call to action. Look, if you're creating stuff, do you think, and this is my favorite question, because if we go back to Jason's stuff for one second, do you think for a moment that if someone sees this and they want this, they need to have a call to action at the end of every single video? No. As soon as someone sees this and they're like, man, I want this for my son, or I want this for myself, they go, okay, booking info, okay, great. Let me click this. Oh, okay. Now it'd be great if the first link there was book a console, right? That's what the first link should be. Let's take them directly to the place. But they're gonna, if they dig what you're showing, they're gonna click through. We don't need to beat them over the head with a call to action that also damages our average watch time. Okay. Let's jump back here, make sure we got it all. I think we're good in terms of how to use Canva. Dragging and dropping, just make sure you watch the length, make sure you trim it, and then select the area of the video.

video that you'd like, and you're good to go, okay? If you would like to build a CTA into a video, like at the very end of a video, what I'm gonna say is do it sparingly. Maybe one in every five shorts, one in every 10 shorts, you might end it with like, hey, if you're interested, it works better if it's like a talking head video. Maybe you're giving a tip on something. And the way it works best is when the call to action is actually something valuable, because we're gonna talk about that too. So we're gonna talk about lead magnets, and then your call to action isn't, oh, come book me. It's if you'd like to learn more, or hey, if you want tips on planning the perfect elopement, I have a guide, you can download it with the link in my bio. That makes so much sense to put into a talking head video where you're giving tips and value, because now you're saying, here's more value. And in exchange for that value, you're gonna get their phone number and their information. We'll talk about how to do that as we step through these lessons. But those types of CTAs are great inside of these. The basic like, here's my logo, call me up and book an appointment kills your average watch time. Say those types of things inside the caption. If you're interested, you can find a link.

to book an appointment, write in my bio, people will find it. Okay, don't wanna beat a dead horse. What I'd like you to do instead is finish and publish your first behind the scenes to final image. Okay, that formula, it goes, it goes. Okay, so if you want more ready to go Instagram templates, we created a partnership with socialtemplates.co. The reason why was I saw their stuff and I actually started using it myself and I was like, hey, this would actually be, this is pretty powerful. It's not perfect, but this is the best solution we found to like in-app templates that are basically easy to use. And so we created a partnership with them. So the links in this are gonna be affiliate links. So we get some sort of a commission. What I've done though is we've lowered the commission to give everybody, so they basically had like an offer and I was like, what if we just reduce the commission that you give us and you give all of our members 20% off. That's where we eventually landed. So you guys can get 20% off the entire program. If you guys signed up earlier, you guys got a different type.

a promo basically, but that's the ongoing promotion. So what I want you to know is that, I just wanna be completely transparent, we do benefit from you using this at the same time. I'm only suggesting it because I literally use it and it's the only thing out there. So if we find something better, I don't care about the affiliate thing. If we find something better, I'm gonna refer that thing to you right away. I just feel like anybody that's part of our community and they're getting benefit, they should also provide benefit back to the community. So you get it on both sides. You get that 20% off. They have these Instagram reels and basically they have different accounts. So you have the full account, which is like their reel library. You have one for family and one for seniors. It doesn't mean that you can't use these templates for other things, but they basically come preloaded and ready for weddings, family, seniors, and kind of typical portrait scenarios. So if you're not one of those, you might wanna just kind of look and see what they offer, see if they fit. And they also have like month trials and things that you can do too. I believe those promos, like the 20% off is like the best one they can give. So I opted for that and they don't give.

back to anybody else. So it's only our community that has that. But it's very powerful. So basically what you do is you go to the reel that you like, and you can either save it and edit it right in Instagram, or you can use it in Instagram edits in that app. And they give you instructions on basically how to do this. And then you can pick directly off your camera roll and go right into the template and then right into publishing. So as far as easy to use, this is the easiest method that there is. I personally think that eventually Instagram, TikTok, all these platforms are gonna build every single great template right into the app. And when they do, when that's available, you know, I'm just gonna remove this and it'll no longer be necessary. But for right now, it is one thing that I think can help a lot, especially in learning this language, developing your skillset, using templates, getting out there right now until you feel comfortable, or it can be until you're comfortable creating on your own, or it could just be indefinitely, it's up to you. But it's a great place to start. So any of these links will take you there. This 20% off is exclusive to 10K, 2K. It's under friends of Pi, you can click the link. And like I said, if we find a better.

a solution, you'll be the first to know. 100,000% transparency is always my goal. Okay, that was easy. Next lesson. This is the point now where I want you to start paying attention and understanding your analytics, okay? It doesn't mean that we're not to the place where we're creating custom content yet. I mean, we're using templates to kind of like make our own content, right? But now that we're starting to publish, we're using templates to publish, this is the place where I'm like, okay, analytics are kind of your best roadmap to understand what's happening, where your content might be weak. I want you to start learning them, and it's actually very simple to do because as we step into creating custom content, that's where you're gonna really wanna look at these analytics and see like how these videos are performing because you're gonna see the analytics are gonna point glaringly to the issues that the video has. And in every single situation, the issues are gonna line up with that checklist that I gave you before, okay? We're missing pieces on the checklist, and that's why we're not getting something that is working. So let's jump into those because it's actually pretty simple. The two most valuable metrics in my opinion are comments.

This is, I'd probably say maybe this is the secondary one. I would say shares. Shares are showing you what your audience finds valuable. If you post something and you start seeing, hey, there's 10, 15, 20 people sharing this, they thought the idea, the information, the inspiration was valuable enough to share with somebody else. And so it's a really great indicator of, okay, this was something that was very valuable to them. They thought this was very interesting. Most likely they're sharing it with their partners. They're saying, hey, we should do something like this. Hey, we should try this, right? Comments are what people are engaging with, okay? When they feel like they need to leave a thought, an idea there. And if you're getting good comments, what it means is like you're really tapping in emotionally to what they want to see or potentially something that they want to offer a thought on. So I like those two. Behind the scenes, so these are the two most valuable metrics like when you're looking at something. Likes, really not a valuable metric at all. So please don't concern yourself with likes. The other one that's new is remixes. Remixes are kind of like shares.

Go on to, it's a new feature that they recently added where like if someone remixes something, everybody has a remix tab now on their profile and a remix video, it's kind of like a share. It shows up on somebody else's remix tab, okay? So think of that as very similar in terms of what it's telling you. Behind the scenes, I really only want you to concern yourself with a couple things. This is the total reach and what I love about this is Instagram does a really great job of they're gonna show it to some of your followers and then they're also gonna show it to non-followers and this is very valuable, right? This is our viral growth capabilities. So you're gonna see like the followers are the ones that if they're not intrinsically interested in what you're posting, like Jeremy Little's, it would have shown it to 56% of his followers and if they weren't interested because he's now talking about jerky instead of jokes, they're the ones that are gonna depress the average watch time because they're all gonna click off and so it's not gonna serve it to nearly as many non-followers because of those existing followers, right? But this will show you the split and the split's more just like it's interesting to see.

Okay, what's really important is just this right here, the average watch time. That's seven seconds. Okay, we want more. So if it's a 10 second video and the average watch time was eight seconds, that's pretty damn good. If it's a 10 second video and the average watch time was two seconds, what happened? That's like, okay, did we not have a hook? Most of the answers here, whenever average watch time is low, we shat the bed and usually the starting point is we shat the bed on the hook, okay? We didn't give somebody a reason to stay. So think about the way someone is scrolling. The way they're scrolling on Instagram is swiping, right? They're going from one video to the next. This is on Instagram on TikTok. $26,000 game. Let me mute this. If I don't instantly see something I like, I'm just like, okay, show me the next one, right? Let me bring this back a little bit. Show me the next one, show me the next one. So if the opening hook doesn't get me, then I land with an average watch time of two seconds. Now, if the watch time is say 15 seconds and the video was 30 seconds long, what that means is you did hook them. You just didn't deliver on them.

on the hook, okay? That means that they kind of found it interesting, but by 15 seconds in, they were kind of like, oh, I'm done. Means that the inside material wasn't as good. Does that make sense? It's so easy to see what's going wrong. If average watch time is limited to like that three to five second range, if all of it is pushed down there, we're like, okay, we have a hook problem. If people are getting halfway through a longer video, 30, 40, 50 seconds, okay, the content could have been maybe faster paced there. Maybe we're spending too much time on, you know, using too many words and we need more word economy. We need to bring it down a little bit. But this is the doctor that points to what the actual problem is with the system. It's the, your analytics are the doctor that points out the symptom of the issue. I think that was a completely bullshit analogy, but that's okay. You get my point. We're not gonna belabor it. Blaber, blaber it. Okay, so if average watch time is low, the hook is likely weak. The material topic itself might not be of interest. If they're getting past it, we know that we have a.

content issue potentially. And then if you've got like this little replays, if replays are high on a video, you're like, oh, I'm hitting something strong with this because people are watching it and they're watching it over again, which means maybe they're showing it, maybe they're watching it more than once themselves, maybe they're showing it to other people. And that's absolutely fantastic. Again, every one of you, your largest and most likely issue when it comes to all this is gonna be this procrastination because of perfectionism. I don't want you trying to perfect anything here. I want you to look for improvement over time, I want you to be publishing, and I simply want you to, over time, check off more boxes. Okay, going back to that checklist that we looked at previously, I don't care that your first video, where was our checklist? We've covered a lot. Okay, look, your first video, might only check off two or three of these. By next week, let's add another box. By the following week, let's add another box. Within a few weeks of doing this, you'll be hitting every one of these boxes and you don't even need the checklist anymore. It'll just come second nature.

Okay, all right now we understand analytics. Let's go forward We're now to the place where we're going to start talking about creating your own short form content So now we're we're not using templates. We're actually going to be creating custom Short form I would say this I would say only when you're ready Do I want you to kind of dive deeper into this rabbit hole? Okay, and for some of you That could potentially mean never I do hope you explore this area because templates will take you a certain distance But what a template isn't necessarily going to do is it's not like It's not a talking head video a talking head video, by the way That's the term that we use for a video like this right where we're literally talking to our audience a talking head video is one of my favorite ways to create custom content because It's a way for you to directly connect with your audience in a way that they're not going to get When you're just using behind the scenes and kind of like template type stuff, right? So I think it's a great opportunity, but again, it's one that I want you to explore when you're ready for it And and dive in deeper. Okay So what we're going to do now is we create these niche keywords, right? We created these topics that would be interesting to our audience

and you house them over here under your brand and strategy workbook, we started placing those niche keyword phrases, topics for content right here. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna utilize the different tools that I've made for you for chat GPT, and we're gonna start creating easy bits of short form content. So let's actually combine a few of those right now. What I've done here is I've made for you a short form script GPT. And what this does is it's programmed to basically help you simply create really engaging short form content scripts. And generally what we wanna do is feed it a piece of content to actually get it to work, okay? You could start from the ground up with it too, but I think it's a lot easier to take this top-down content marketing approach. We already did these SEO articles, these resources for our website. Why not start turning those into actual videos? Okay, so let's go into how to create custom short form scripts. So you're gonna grab any one of those SEO topics or articles that you have from those previous steps, okay? Obviously my workbook here is empty because that's the template workbook. Step one is we're gonna use the.

the short form viral scripter to basically turn any one of these topics into something that your audience is gonna find interesting or valuable. So really all you're gonna do is input your topic, add a few key points, enter the desired length. If you wanna include an ending CTA, again, I like those to be lead magnets. That's optional as well. But let's go ahead and walk through what this looks like real fast, okay? So we're here inside of chat.gpt. This is the short form viral scripter. If I wanted to, and let me just shrink the window so you can see the bottom area. I wish they would bring the initial, that little thing up top a little bit. There we go, okay. Bring this up so you guys can see the bottom. Okay, so what I'm gonna do is we'll start from scratch and I'm gonna go to the brand strategist and I'm gonna say just in one paragraph, define my brand so I can have my custom GPT that designs SEO content understand my audience. Okay, so I'm gonna ask the brand.

Brand strategies, we've done this many, many times, right? Going throughout here. So we ask the brand strategies for basically a paragraph. I'm gonna grab this, and I'm gonna start with the SEO content creator. Let's assume that maybe you don't have those articles yet created. Let's just go from the ground up so you can see it all the way through. So what I'm gonna do is say, give me 10 awesome clickable SEO driven topics knowing this is my audience. Okay, and so we're gonna feed information from one GPT to the next. It gives me this little, thank you so much. Okay, how to plan an intentional elopement that actually feels like you. The best elopement locations for creative souls to hate the spotlight. That's kind of cool, the best elopement locations. I love that. So what I'm gonna do is say, okay, make me an SEO driven article on this one. Let's do five locations.

Okay, and it goes, okay, best low-end locations for creative souls who hate the spotlight. And I can tweak that title. I can say the five best, whatever it is, right? And it looks like it lost my Paris, like this brand that we kind of followed from start to finish, it forgot where we were, right? So my business is only based out of Paris. So I'm just gonna give it that clarification. Let's focus there. Okay, now if I wanna change any of these locations, obviously I could, right? If I have specific locations, if I have specific images, I might change each one of these just to the images that I have. But now what I'm gonna do is jump over to the short form file scripter, okay? And I can do this a number of different ways. If I wanted to do, okay, let's just do this. I'm gonna copy all this. I'm gonna go to the short form file scripter. If I wanna give it the entire thing, I can. I could also, I'll show you a few different ways of prompting this.

This is one of the SEO driven articles on my website. Help me turn this into ideas for short form. Talking head style videos. So I can literally give it the entire piece and we're now basically on the third custom GPT, right? We have one and then we push to another and we push to another and look what it gives me. You don't have to fight tourists at the Eiffel Tower to have a meaningful Paris elopement. So what it's gonna do is actually give you the opening hooks that would be great for like audio, like text, not spoken hooks, okay? It's gonna then give you a script outline. It's then gonna give you additional short ideas based on this blog entry. So a hidden gem elopement spot. Like you can literally open up a video with this might be the most romantic park in Paris that nobody's heard of. Perfect for elopements. It's called Buttes Chamond. I'm sure my pronunciation was spot on perfect.

Okay, and then you say it's perfect for, and you say whatever you want to say about it, right? So one video could just highlight a specific location. A video could also be, here's my five favorites. Now notice, if it's my five favorites, it's quicker, right? Okay, so for example, the script outline, the title is Five Elopement Locations in Paris for Introverts Who Hate the Spotlight. This is 60 seconds, and I would open it with like, look, you don't have to fight tourists at the Eiffel Tower to have a meaningful Paris elopement. Here are five locations that I love for Introverts Who Hate the Spotlight. Number one is Parc de Butte-Chamon. It's a hidden gem in the 19th, and I'd say that. Number two is the Square d'Avert-Gallant. Number three is Parc Monceau, and I would just say one line about each of those. But notice how, if we're gonna include more points, they're faster and more punchy, right? If we're gonna go deep into one, we give more ideas behind that one, right? We show more images, we go in depth. But this is a very easy way to start creating shorts around all the amazing content that you're creating for yourself.

resources. Now here's where it gets very very powerful right because if I also designed a lead magnet and we're gonna talk about those as we go but I want you to have the idea in your head now if I also design a lead magnet that were my 10 favorite elopement locations in Paris then what I would say at the end of the video is look if you want my Paris elopement guide just click the link in my bio it's absolutely awesome and it's completely free. Now you've got an on-topic video that talks about locations for elopements you have an ongoing lead magnet that gives them more and in exchange you get their information back and is it targeted yes because we open the video when we talk about targeting the right audience with a paid ad we have all these little checkboxes and things that we can put in to target the right people right when it comes to organic content we rely on our hooks to target the right audience we rely on the content itself to target so the fact that we're saying look if you are eloping in Paris you don't have to fight tourists at the Eiffel Tower let me give you some of my favorite

locations instead. That's the hook that clarifies who we're speaking to and who's going to be interested in this piece of content. And as algorithms get more and more AI-driven and more and more sophisticated, that opening hook is going to become your categorization that the AI is going to use to say, oh, this is a topic. I know that topic. This person's interested in that. I'm going to serve it directly to them. So think of your hook like that. Your hook is not only giving them a reason to stay, telling them what they're going to get in return, but also identifying exactly who we're speaking to. Now this is pretty fun, right? How we can use existing content, but let me show you another way that you can use the short form bioscriptor. What I can do is go back to my brand strategist and let's just say, did it give me, okay, I think I did this earlier. Knowing what you know about my brand. Okay. There was somewhere where I had, let's see, my meta description, strategy, okay.

We'll just take the last one. Can you be sure to remember I'm based out of Paris? Go back to our original conversations. Okay, my network connection has been, you guys are still here, right? You can hear me okay? Cool, okay, I'm gonna grab this, there we go. So what I could do is go straight for my brand strategist, okay? I can go to my short form viral scripter and I can say, this is my brand. Help me find awesome topics for short form content. And you can go straight from there too. So we don't have to just pull, it might have been, was it Paris? I don't remember where it was. But you get the idea of this. So look, what it's gonna come back with is it's gonna use the same framework. This is the framework that I use to create content that helps framework.

Love and presence driven topics, elopement and destination experience topics, connection and emotional support topics. Are you overwhelmed with wedding planning? We can literally just have a conversation about that. All I do is I say, okay, what do we do when our clients are super nervous? Let's do a video on this and I bring that up. Key points, so if I'm doing this as a talking head video, what do we do when you feel kind of nervous in front of the camera? Well here's what we do inside of our studio. First I never expect couples to perform and what I might say is, oh, what it needs from me is key points. Okay, so it's missing those key points. Once I have these three pieces, I'll generate the key points. Okay. Point number one, I don't pose. I direct and help them. Let's see, number two, I want imagery that feels.

Feels authentic. I'm just putting in some BS right now. Three. And feel supported and taking time. Okay. So I gave it the key points. Now it's gonna give me my opening hooks and everything like that. Okay, so if you feel awkward in front of the camera, good. That means you're human. Here's how I approach my shoots. Okay. And then we simply would go through our script. And you can always say like, it actually asked me, do you want a 30 second compressed version of this too? Sure. You can always go back and forth, say, let's shorten this, let's do this, let's give it 30 seconds or 20 seconds. But this is another way that you can basically ideate around these short form topics that you can bring. Now, one of the questions that has come up is, do you have to be talking head for these short form videos or can you just incorporate the hook into your reel using images, music, and then writing the content into your IG captions? Abso-freaking-lutely.

Look, this content works a number of different ways. I like talking head for some because we're gonna talk about this idea of content buckets, okay? These are different categories of content we create. So one content bucket would be like a talking head video and I'm gonna give you examples of more later. Another example would be like, well, we could take this content and we could put it into a carousel, couldn't we? Like three simple ways to be fully present on your elopement day, couldn't that just be a carousel of images that we actually just show? Like you can easily go right over here to Canva. Watch this. Okay, we're gonna create a new and I'm gonna put carousel. Okay, we're gonna do Instagram carousel. And then it's gonna give me templates right over here. So I can choose any one of these carousel templates that fit my brand, I can make my own. Let's say I choose this one. Okay, apply all six pages. And then all I do is I go back to ChatGPT, three simple ways to be fully present. And you can present the material.

through a carousel, couldn't you? And you literally go to the next one, drop in the next one, go back to chat, everything, right? So what if I did this one? Let's see. Feel awkward means you're human. Here's how I approach each shoot. Okay, and we simply grab the points. I mean, we need to come up with points that actually would fit. But this is a really easy way to create a great piece of carousel content. So you can drop this into a carousel, which is another type of content bucket, right? You could use talking head, that's you speaking to the camera. You could do something, and we're gonna talk about repurposing. The idea here is when you have a great piece of content that does well, you repurpose it. So if it's a talking head video, you then turn it into a carousel and post the same thing again. This is how we can get so much.

out of so little with a top-down content marketing design, we don't have to sit here and always come up with new things. We can come up with new ways of talking about the same things. And that makes your life much, much easier. So, great question and I hope that kind of brings a lot of clarity to this as well. I think you guys get the idea of how we can use the Vyral Scripter. If at any point you're ever confused with this, you can always drop right into the Vyral Scripter and just say, how do I use you? Okay. It'll give you a set of instructions and guides. Here's how to use me. Give me some key points. Give me ideally what length you'd want if you want to call to action. So, here's an example prompt that you might give. So, you can work by giving it an SEO article. You can work by giving it an existing piece of content. You can work by scratch or you can work through this format of like, just giving it a topic that you want to talk on. Okay. And then it'll create each piece for you. One thing that I currently don't kind of recommend is, I don't like using chat GPT and AI tools right now to create the carousels. I generally just create the content. I reword it and then I'll bring it to another platform. You can use.

these platforms to create actual photos and carousels and the actual text, it just doesn't tend to look good and it doesn't follow a style that you would want. Plus it spells things wrong too. So it's a little bit annoying and it's not one of those things that I would really spend too much time on. Okay, let's jump on, let's make sure we got this. Okay, step two. So before you film the concept, I do wanna make sure that you basically run it back through the checklist, okay? So make sure that it fits the checklist, make sure it has a good hook. Then we're gonna film it if we're talking about a talking head video, right? What I would say with talking head is you don't need to go crazy. Your phone works just fine and it's actually gonna create more authentic, more relatable content. One of the things that I like to say is production is the enemy of authenticity. If you want something to feel authentic, if you want it to feel grounded, high production is the enemy of that. It literally feels the opposite of that. So use your phone, don't light it perfectly. Go on a walk, have a conversation. If you'd like, you can use teleprompter. This is an app that allow you to read from a script while you're actually filming on your phone. So you can literally just look at the front facing.

camera and it'll show you a script where your eyes are right there at the top and you just read off it as it records. And you can also use CapCut to say edit directly on the phone as well. Another app for editing right on the phone is like Videoleap. I would say CapCut is is probably like the standard for this but you can use whatever you you'd like to use. Okay, if you do want to narrate these pieces because one other way of doing it is you can actually narrate and just show images. That's another style of content too, right? We don't have to only do talking head. I'll give you more examples in a bit. But you can grab your shirt. So just grab your shirt or a shirt and put it over the front of the microphone. And it just acts as a pop filter. So if you guys can see this little filter, this little cloth right here, the foam over the mic is a pop filter. And it helps to prevent plosives. Plosives are like sounds. You'll notice that when I'm talking, I'm talking just a little bit above, like one inch above the microphone, which also helps to limit that. Because if I'm talking down here, the likelihood of a plosive is going to be increased too. So it just makes the audio not sound as good. So what I'll do is I'll get a t-shirt. My favorite place to record when I'm narrating something is I'll go into my closet.

clothes around you act as like a natural sound dampener and it's how you can get professional sounding audio straight out of recording into your phone. Put the t-shirt right over this and then just narrate and speak directly above so you're like two inches above the phone and you're just talking straightforward. You can read the script, you can do whatever you'd like here, you can narrate however you want. Most apps like Videoleap or like CapCut they'll allow you to narrate directly into it so if you wanted to you could load up your images into it and then narrate the ideas directly through it as well. There are so many ways of creating content this is not a content course by say I feel like we could spend just 30 hours on how we can create content. What this is is quick and simple ideas on how you can get moving. I want you to get started with all this and then just start asking for feedback. Post what you got to the the group, post online, watch the analytics, you now know what those analytics mean and let's start moving with it. So your last step is post and engage. So check back every now and then. One of the things that people often mention is should we publish through the apps or can we use desktop apps?

My recommendation is always gonna be, I know it's easier to publish through a desktop scheduling app, but they always get dinged, okay? These apps, they always get dinged compared to when just publishing it directly in app on the phone. So it's like, yeah, you can benefit on that side by saving a couple minutes by scheduling these or by doing on a desktop, but by publishing it in your phone, look, the goal of each of these apps is to keep you in the app. So they're trying to create advantages to those that are staying in the app. You might as well post it in the app. Plus, if you're on a Mac, this is very easy. If you're not on a Mac, you have to kind of shortcut it through, say, Google Drive, but on a Mac, it's very easy. You can copy anything. If I press Control C, I can copy something and I can paste it directly onto my phone, right? So if I want, I can just pull up my notepad, just my standard notepad, and what I'll do is I'll write the caption just on my notepad. Let me find where my notepad, oh, it's somewhere off screen somewhere, but I'll write the caption just on notepad, copy it, and then paste it right here so I don't spend a lot of time writing in a caption. So there's a lot of.

like simple things like that workflow wise that you can build in. But my recommendation is generally to publish through the app because it's gonna get more reach and more visibility right out of the gate. And that is your best advantage versus just trying to save a minute or two. Oh, I finally pulled up my notes. Okay, some of you might ask also about like, what about publishing through Instagram? Or I think Facebook has like their own publishing interface. Again, you can test it. You're more likely to get far better results than say publishing through Facebook's direct interface, their meta interface versus like say HubSpot or an outside platform. But I would still test it and see like, okay, if I post the same time and one is just via the meta app through Instagram and one is through Instagram directly and it's the same time, it's similar content, how do the results vary? And if you notice, okay, yeah, I'm not getting as many, then again, go back to the phone. So just give it a test. I don't wanna give a general rule because they can change these things at any time, right? So be aware of it, give it a test and run from that point. Okay, let's just see if we have questions. If you use a.

It's a video to record on iPhone to record your audio. Can you just use that audio in IG? Yeah, you can record audio and just pull that directly over too. So if you're recording audio through video on your phone, you need to use an editing app to pull the audio out basically. But I believe if you drop it into the Instagram editor, you should be able to just to check the video portion and click the eyeball so it doesn't show the video and it just shows the audio. So, but if not, you'll have to strip the audio out basically. How about publishing on Instagram from the computer? Okay, I think we kind of talked about that. Don't publish from the computer unless it's like through the meta interface like we already mentioned that. So we should be good to go. Okay, friends, let's go on to the next lesson. Oh yeah, and pause. Let's create your first set. When you're ready for this, create your first custom piece of content. Let's get it up and start seeing how it does. Let's dive now into kind of a next step of perfecting your hooks, okay? I wanna give you an idea of the different types.

of hook variations there are and kind of just work on making sure that we're building these into each piece of content that we create. Whether we're using a template, whether we're creating from the ground up, the hook is a such an important part of every single video because of going back to the idea of every algorithm wanting average watch time. Okay they want a lot of watch time. So a good hook is what makes it easy and what makes it kind of well desirable for someone to keep watching a video. If we don't have a good hook, our average watch time plummets because people are not actually engaging and watching the material. So making that idea again simple, this is just a brief review of it. If a video, let's say a 10 second video, has 30% average watch time, say three seconds, that's good. If it gets 70% that's even better. It's gonna serve, the the algorithm is gonna serve that video to more people. And if it gets a hundred percent, ten or ten seconds of watch time, or even perhaps more than that, like someone rewatches it, then it's fantastic. It's gonna serve it to more. We don't know the exact numbers of course, but what we know is that average watch time is how

every one of these algorithms work. The better your average watch time on a video, the more it's gonna be served to more people, okay? So this hook is really gonna be your, it's gonna be that main piece of a video where if our, you could have a fantastic video, okay, to give you an idea. You can have an amazing 10 second, 20 second, 30 second video. If the opening two, three seconds doesn't give them a reason to continue, then it's gonna flop. It doesn't matter how good the rest of the material is, the rest of the content, if the hook is not in place, it is always gonna flop, okay? So within two, three seconds, we need to give them a reason to stay, and then we need to deliver on that. Now, as far as hooks go, I would kind of break it down to like five main types. This was, earlier this was three, and I was kind of like, you know, let's include these other versions, and we're gonna give you examples of these. But a visual hook is that something visually interesting is happening as soon as the video loads, right? A text hook might be the text title that you place as soon as the video loads. A sound hook is which sound we're using as say the background track or the audio track of the video. A narrated hook is a hook that.

I might speak out loud. Here's my three favorite dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, right? That's a narrated hook. And a viral hook is an example of like kind of using something else that's getting popular and incorporating it into your video. I'm gonna give you examples of each of these to kind of give you ideas. So let's kind of just take a look. I'm gonna click here and what in the world did my links not go through? Hold on one second. Let me pull up this file actually and if the links didn't go through, I can click it. I'm gonna go ahead and I think on your guys' version of this, well, it might not be, I didn't give you guys the most latest version of it yet, but I will make sure that this is uploaded to the material as soon as we finish. Okay, so perfecting your hooks, interesting. The link is right there, but it didn't load for some reason. Okay, let's give a look at this one. So this, we'll just watch it through start to finish. Okay, so if we pause here, you'll notice that.

It is visually interesting. You see a couple kind of in the water. You see me. It's a behind the scenes moment. So we have a visual hook element. We also have the text hook element, right? The moment versus the image or the moment versus the shot. That's our text hook. There's also a viral element that's also part of the audio element, right? The viral element here is that this audio that's being used and the little viral stitch is something that's quite popular. It's something that's been used quite a bit to say like, look, something's coming, right? We're gonna do a payoff. And so what you see is that this little, well, this is from a movie where Leo kind of, I forget, I think it's like the whatever Hollywood movie. Anyway, this is a viral clip that's been used all the time to kind of point to here something comes, right? And so there's this audio slash viral piece of this where it's just literally edited in. Like you're literally just cutting and inserting this piece directly into the video. Here it comes. Okay, and then you show the payoff and the audio lands with like the timing, the music and whatnot. So it's an example of basically incorporating a visual hook, a text hook.

sound hook, and a viral hook element into a single video. Okay, let's do another example. All right, so this one, another example, visual, text, sound, plus viral. Let's see what this one is. Two, one, five. Three. Okay, so what do we have in this one? We have a text-based hook. The first shot is that three, right? It's a countdown. We have the audio hook as well, where you literally hear the countdown. Three, two, we have visual elements where you're seeing me working, and the behind the scenes, and then we have the payoff, which lands on the drop of the video. Okay? Obviously, whenever it comes to behind the scenes, this, by the way, is following that same viral formula that I told you all about, the one that you can use over and over and over, behind the scenes to final image, behind the scenes to final image. These are just different variations of it. The Leo one, where he says, whoa, whoa, look at this, versus the three, two, one. It's just a variation on that.

exact same concept of behind the scenes to final image, okay? We most certainly want to make sure that the final image that we're showing, the payoff, is actually a good image. And it's actually better, like it's kind of the case that we want the behind the scenes to not look nearly as good as the video itself. One of the interesting things in the audit that we did was one of our alumni had some really beautiful behind the scenes cinematic footage that they filmed with their camera, right? And they were like, can I use this with the images? And the issue is your cinematic footage already looks so beautiful that when you put the image next to it, people could actually argue like they like the footage better than the image. So we want behind the scenes that looks just like how a normal person sees the behind the scenes. We want it to look kind of like junk. We want them to see all the busyness, the distractions, everything about it. And then all of a sudden they see the payoff and how good it is when you create your image. We want that in each piece that we create, okay? Another example, this is a visual plus text plus a spoken or narrated hook, right? So if I click this one, okay, here we go.

Did you know that printing and hanging photos of your children is proven to boost your child's self-esteem? Your photos are meant for more than just social media. Please feel free to share this message. Okay so this was I made this back in 2020 when I was just testing and just trying to figure out this this format and whatnot so ignore the fact that there's three calls to action on this and everything and also I would have said like the better hook in this I actually buried this the better hook in the second line right this is when I'm figuring out all this stuff weekend photo project for y'all did you know that printing and hanging photos of your children is did you know that printing and hanging photos of your children is proven to boost self-esteem that's the actual hook that's the one that's the strongest piece that I that I should have opened on but still when we look at a video like this there is a text-based hook right here there's a narrated hook and then there's also the the visual element this kind of like sped up video of us just basically putting images onto the wall right so we're still meeting each of those criteria as far as there's a visual there's a text and there's a I'm gonna I'm gonna say

Did I say spoken or narrated? Either way, it's the same difference. Okay, I think I was supposed to say spoken. Okay, that's a no for me, not for you guys. So what I want each of you to realize in this process is not to overthink it. Let's actually go back to the actual slide deck so it's not so busy. And oh, weird, it looks like some of those linked and this one is the only one that didn't link. So that's strange. What I want you to think in this process is I don't wanna overthink it. I don't want you to perfect your video like to get the lighting just right. I want you to create videos in places where it's natural to you. This is a video where I'm literally just giving a tip. I'm in the car waiting for my kids and I gave a tip on like, you know, if you're an aspiring photographer. And if you look at the views, as an aspiring photographer, I said, does this resonate? That's my opening hook, right? It got 10.6 thousand views. That's kind of crazy. And look at the engagement, look at the number of shares and views. So it's just an interesting idea and a concept for someone to think about. And I filmed it from my car in five minutes and it got over 10,000 views. That's an insane.

superpower to think of that's literally inside of your pocket that you can take advantage of any time you want, okay? To be able to reach an audience any time you want and you don't need it to get 10,000. If it gets 100, 500 of the right views, then that's great. That's fantastic. But this process can be very simple and a hook can be as simple as wait for it or my favorites from and so and so's whatever shoot, right? It's giving them, it's anything that gives them a bit of context for what they're about to see and why they should stay. Because remember when someone is scrolling in the feed, they're seeing one video after the next. So if we don't build these elements of hooks into the video, there's no reason for them to actually stay. Most people aren't going to stay just to try to figure out what a video means. They're going to click and move past it. So just like I like to start every article I write, every resource that I write, every lead magnet, every course, I always start with the title of that program or the title of that resource, the title of the article. Because from there, it tells me exactly what needs to go inside

of it to deliver on basically this promise, right? To make something that's clickable, something engaging, something has a strong promise, and then from there we deliver on it. The hook in your videos, it serves the exact same purpose. It's there to tell somebody why they should stick around, why they should stay, and then you're going to deliver on it so what you end up creating is not just clickbait. Now I can show you this exact same process. If I were to show you just briefly, I'm going to pull up Drive for one second because I was just working on a new three-day bootcamp that we're going to be doing for our next enrollment cycle, right? The new three-day bootcamp, I'm calling it Leads on Repeat. Now look, the first thing that I wrote is the actual hook, this piece. Over three days, I'm going to show you the exact marketing system we've used to generate 100 plus leads a month and over $30 million in photography revenue over the last 15 years without using paid ads. That's the entire premise. So before I even create the outline, I create this hook and then once I go to the outline, I go

Okay, now I'm gonna make sure that this delivers on what I wrote up here in terms of that hook. So what I want you to recognize is that no matter what type of content I'm creating, no matter, and really we can remove the term content, we can replace it with anything, whether it's a marketing message, whether it's a course, whether it's a video, whether it's on YouTube, whether it's on Instagram, no matter what I'm creating, I'm starting with what is the value, what is the hook, what is the element that I want to create, the reason why I want somebody to watch this, and then we deliver on that, okay? And ultimately, I'm giving you a formula to do this throughout this entire module, but really what you're learning is just how do you tell an easy to understand story? It's just storytelling made simple. That's kind of the secret that you're learning right now, is this is just storytelling. Now, most of you as photographers, you're already good about telling a visual story with images, with photography, but you'll remember that there was a point in time where you weren't that good at it. There was a point in time where you were like, man, these album spreads and layouts that other people are putting together are so cool. They've incorporated details, and they've incorporated.

incorporated the getting ready and they've incorporated all these different elements and I feel like it tells a true story. There was a time when you were learning that as well. Now you're simply learning how do we take this skill of storytelling and apply it to a different area, to social media, to a short form video, to a long form video, to an article, to a resource, all of that. I'm going to give you examples of storytelling hooks and then I'm going to give you a four step spoken hook formula in case you want to narrate a hook or speak a hook, say in a talking head style video. So these are examples of storytelling hooks, things that you've probably heard quite a bit on other social media videos. So for just a moment, I want you to imagine and then you continue the story, right? I have a story I've been dying to tell you or I have a story I've been dying to tell someone about. So look, I'm going to tell you. Let me tell you a story, a true story, mind you. Have you ever wondered what it would be like if I want you to close your eyes and just picture this with me for a moment. I've been holding onto a fascinating story that is too good not to share.

All of these are opening storytelling hooks that make a person go, hey, I kind of want to stick around and see what this person has to say, right? And then what comes after it, we need to make sure that it delivers on each of these promises. But if there was a formula for like a spoken hook, right? Now, obviously there's spoken hooks, but there's also all of these other types of hooks. There's visual hook, a text hook, a sound hook, narrated hook. Narrated is what I mean by a spoken hook and I'm gonna flip-flop that. As well as a viral hook, right? But if we're talking about like, is there a formula for say a spoken hook in case you want to do a talking head video, in case you want to narrate a video, that's why I said spoken versus narrated because narrated, you're not on the screen. Spoken hook is like, it could be a talking head, it could be a narrated video, it's just something that you say out loud, okay? So what you're gonna do is grab any one of your SEO topics or articles, go back to your niche keywords in step six and eight, and then we can turn it directly into a short form video using the viral video creator. So basically we can do this in a number of ways. If you already have an interesting topic here, great, go and grab one of those and we can just use that topic.

If you've already created resources, fantastic. If not, you can use this AI prompt with your brand strategist to help you ideate, okay? So what I would do is go back to my brand strategist. I'm gonna click down here. Where is it? See more, my brand strategist. And I would just drop this into my brand strategist. Okay, this will give you your ideas in terms of, like if you need to ideate on what you could possibly speak about. If you don't have ideas from like the previous section. So how to choose, my Northern Nest was an elopement brand, right? So this gives me elopement type videos or concepts. Okay, so fantastic. From there, well, we're gonna go to this next piece. You just select a spoken hook format. So I've given you, this isn't like an end all, be all list. It's just an idea of say 12 different, very common formats. Like if you're planning, so going back to this, right? If and then. If you are planning an elopement in Paris, then here are five incredible locations to consider, right? So you can take.

any one of these hook formats, and basically just turn each of those ideas into this little hook. So secrets and hacks. I'm gonna share with you my secret, okay. Here are like, here are my 10 secret hidden gem locations for eloping in Paris, okay. The number one thing, if you're eloping in Paris, the number one thing I've learned is dot, dot, dot. So each of these just gives you an idea. All you gotta do is start with this hook format, and then you're gonna speak to your audience. You're gonna make sure that you're always saying, if you are, you're gonna use the word you at least once within this hook. If you are planning an elopement, okay. Here is my secret for your elopement in Paris, whatever it might be. And obviously, it'd be ideal if we can include some power words in there. So power words are words like secret, right, or here's proven, or genius, or hidden, or all of these are power words to make somebody go, hmm, I wanna, I really wanna check this out. Now, if we can include some numbers or points on that list too, that's even better. So going.

Going back to this, right? Let's see, here's how you can, or let's say if you're eloping in Paris, then here are three hidden locations you gotta check out. Perfect. Or if you're planning a surprise proposal, here are three incredible locations you have to check out, right? The number one thing I've learned as a maternity photographer is dot, dot, dot, whatever you wanna say. The biggest mistake you'll make when it comes to planning your wedding, or there are three, here are the three biggest mistakes you'll make when planning a wedding timeline. Be specific in terms of like, when planning a wedding, or when it comes to your photography and wedding timeline, be a little more specific than that. But I think this gives you ideas. Speak to your audience. Use power words in it. And then when you can, include numbered point lists. And I've given you just a whole little set of examples. Here are, you know, if you feel low mood, here are three things that are gonna help. Stop taking pictures like this, try this instead. Now, obviously, these are gonna be hooks that are on various topics.

I want you to see what it looks like on these different topics, and you can apply it to whatever niche, whatever genre that you would like, okay? But obviously, you know, here are my three favorite food joints in Los Angeles. You wouldn't just take this and run with it as a photographer. That doesn't make any sense. But you would say, here are my three favorite, let's say, my three favorite wedding venues in Los Angeles. Or three awesome home improvement hacks that you need to know. Here are three awesome posing tips. Or here are three awesome posing hacks that you need to know when it comes to Dua photography. Perfect, right? All of those work, and you're simply going to take this and apply it. So these are great for anything that is spoken or narrated. These are great sample hooks to really bring people in. Now, question for you. When you use a spoken hook, should you still be incorporating a visual, a text, a sound, and these other elements? Absolutely. Just because you create, just because you have one of these, doesn't mean that we don't want more. Ideally, we want as many of these as possible without them getting like messy, right? Sometimes if you have a narrator hook, but you're also doing like a sound hook, and it can get very messy if you combine.

multiple, but most definitely I want to have a visual hook and a text hook with every single one of these things that I create and then, you know, pepper in either a sound or a narrated or a viral hook on top of that, okay, to make something more engaging, more interesting, but a visual and a text hook, yes, every video should have those, even when it's narrated, we should have that. All right. Okay. If there are, I don't think there are any questions on this one. We have a lot to cover. So let's just go ahead and dive into the next lesson. Um, but not until like, I would like you to actually complete this assignment of creating your first talking head style or narrated video. So I'd like you to have one of these tested out. I want you to, I want you to feel what the process is like. I want you to get the video up because this is such an easy way to directly engage with your audience to show your personality. It's such an easy style of content to add to your content buckets, which we're going to talk about, uh, that I don't want you to overlook this type of material. Very useful, very effective. Get after it. Okay. Now we'll go on. Let's talk about this next piece now. And, and here, what we're really going to be going into is we're learning how to create.

you know, different pieces of short-form content and target them, make them viral within our audience, right? I'm gonna start giving you ideas now on how we can leverage what we're creating in other ways. And so we're again, going back to the leverage framework. So take this as like, look, you're primarily here to learn how to viralize your short-form content, right? That's really the goal here. But at the same time, I wanna show you all these other tricks. Like I wanna have these things in your head so you recognize that, hey, now that I have a good piece of content, it's not over, I can put this into a library, I can reuse this. And this is one of the ways that we're gonna talk about using these pieces of content is within an email or a nurture sequence. So when it's fitting, you can take a popular resource and you can build it directly into your email newsletter or a nurture sequence to enhance your overall client experience. So what is a nurture sequence? It's simply a sequence of emails that's basically sent to newly acquired leads to help them on this journey that they have, right? Now, to do this, we obviously have to know what type of clients are coming in. This is why it was so critical earlier on, you did that legwork to identify.

by the niche, the audience, because if you're getting people that want newborn photos and you primarily serve wedding clients and so they join your email list and all of a sudden you're sending them emails on how to plan their wedding, that is absolutely meaningless to them. In fact, it's more than meaningless, it's actually damaging because they'd be like, oh, I must be in the wrong spot. So remember that this has to be designed with your ideal client in mind, with the type of clients that you're actually marketing to, right? The really beautiful thing about a nurture sequence is that 90% of professionals do not use them, okay? We have tested this, we've signed up for multiple people's, we did this when we were testing out the sales process, we actually put our info into various popular, like well-established photography studios in our area and I think I've talked about this, but not only did we not get callbacks on a timely basis, we didn't get emails, we didn't get anything onboarding, we didn't even get like a response email, it's like, oh, I've received your lead, I'm gonna get. So building a nurture sequence is literally something that can help you stand out right away, okay? As having an actual client experience where most.

People don't. The question of when should I start creating a nurture sequence? Well, honestly, it's kind of like yesterday. If you're collecting leads, if you have a form of lead caption on your page, meaning you have a contact form, then you should have a nurture sequence. Now, is it an emergency? No, because as long as you're calling these people right away, as long as you're following the sales instructions in steps 12 through 15, then you're doing good on that side. And this is like, well, as far as when I should have it, as soon as possible. Like, think of it that way, okay? As soon as you can build a nurture sequence, fantastic, but don't stretch yourself out about it so long as we're following the sales steps, we're getting back to people quickly. So how does this exactly work? Well, you create a sequence of emails that provides value, and you're gonna use your existing resources and articles, and this is kind of the first element when I said step one is like, we have to make sure that we've actually targeted the right people in doing this. And when you don't have them, make them. So the existing resources, maybe I actually listed that wrong. I think I was meaning to say like, these are in the SEO sections when you're developing your existing resource articles, I'll fix that.

in your download. So most photography CRMs are gonna support nurture sequences meaning once they've captured the lead in the CRM, you have the option of creating an actual nurture sequence, a sequence of emails that will go out to them. So what I've done in this sample section is just given you a couple ideas of what this looks like and you can easily go to your brand strategist and ask it to help you create a set of sequences which we'll do in just a moment. So here's a sample nurture sequence for say a wedding photographer, right? The first one that you get might be you're engaged, here's what's next, okay? Now, if you don't know whether they're engaged or not, if maybe they're like, maybe you're in a Loeb and photographer, maybe you are like, you don't necessarily know, you could just modify that line, right? Like you're planning a wedding, here's what's next, okay? Or thank you for reaching out, here's what's next. So you welcome, you congratulate them, you briefly introduce yourself, set expectation for what comes next. And by the way, this is a great spot to say, hey, if you'd like to learn more about me, click this link, it'll show you and then it takes you to my about page, like you don't need to say that, just click this link. If you'd like to know more about me, click this link, and then you have it go to your about page where they can learn more about you, right?

The next, maybe you send them a tip on how do you choose the right wedding photographer, okay? Maybe it's three of my favorite. Now, here's the thing that you have to remember. This is an idea. If, for example, you're using the five minute rule and you're getting back to them right away, maybe you don't want this to be the next email because they may have already chosen the wedding photographer. Like, you want them to book with you and if a day later or two days later they get an email that says, how do you choose the right person? It sounds like you're not in touch with them, right? So generally, we wanna make sure that we're writing and topics that are fitting of our actual workflow. And oftentimes, if I have a nurture sequence that would go out to a lead, as soon as I've contacted that lead, right? If I've booked them, I might actually turn off the nurture sequence and say, okay, they've booked, we don't need to send them these. Now I might send them a new sequence for newly booked clients, okay? Because this becomes no longer relevant. If they don't book, then this is totally relevant. How do I choose the right wedding photographer? Because you wanna help them in this.

journey. Then the next one might be three of my favorite love stories. Okay, you introduce your work, you feature three to five of your favorite client galleries. Then the next one is worry about looking awkward in photos, check this out. Then it's my top tips for unforgettable wedding photos. Your sequence could be three emails, it could be five emails. As far as a cadence goes, I'd suggest like maybe sending out the nurture sequence like every other day, okay? Every other day is a good pace. We don't wanna spread this out over a long period of time because usually people make their decision on hiring somebody within a week. So we kind of wanna condense those emails to arrive in that period. But could you link up short form content to these pieces right here? Yes. If you've got three of my favorite locations, absolutely, that might be the second one you wanna send and you say, click this video to check it out and they click and they see that short form video, right? So your short form content works beautifully inside of a nurture sequence to personalize it. Now, if we looked at like a sample nurture sequence for boudoir, okay? You're in, here's what's next. So this is easing the inert.

curves, this is welcoming them, maybe telling a little bit of a story about yourself. Then it's starting to handle objections. I love using nurture sequences to handle objections. Think you have to lose 10 pounds first? Let's talk. Here's what to wear, here's what not to wear. Here's her story of how this client came, found confidence in Boudoir. Now again, if the client books, we should probably stop the sequence, right? So as soon as they book, we need to keep in mind like, okay, I might want to have a nurture sequence when you get to this place, right? Not right away. When you get to this place, you might have a nurture sequence for new leads and they receive that until the point that they book. And then you have a nurture sequence for new bookings and they receive those to help them plan out their and schedule their call or whatever leading up to their shoot, okay? So don't feel like there's a one type of end all be all. But if you want ideas, what I would do is go back to your, let's go back to our brand strategist and I would say, with what you know about my brand, help me develop a short email sequence for new leads, assuming they

haven't yet booked. Let's work through the topics first, then give me the actual emails. Okay? So, let's set this up strategically. Leads who haven't booked yet, we wanna warm them up, wanna help them see values, build trust. Okay, so email one, welcome and brand story. Email two, emotional vision and portfolio. Email three, overcoming fear and anxieties. Email four, guidance and support. So it gives you ideas for each of these, and then you can simply say, okay, let's modify the subjects. Let's do number one as this, let's do number two. Let's limit this to three emails. I can say, if it was just three emails sent over a week, what do you think would be the most important topics for couples who are eloping in Paris? Okay. So look, the heart of eloping in Paris, emotional connection and why, why it matters. Couples need to be validated. Overcoming worries, making it real. Invitation to slow down and connect. So, I'm sure you all have ideas on what this.

its client journey would look like. If those ideas are concrete for you, fantastic. If those ideas are not concrete yet, or if you need ideas, jump over to your brand strategist, use that prompt to give you ideas when you're ready to create this nurture sequence. And then once you're ready, you just say, okay, yes, draft them up. And now it's gonna write out those emails. Again, we obviously want to tailor these, customize these, make them yours, and then include them in the CRM. So use the CRM and say, this is gonna be email number one. They're gonna receive this immediately upon getting their lead. Email number two, they're gonna get this three days after. Email number three, they're gonna get this five days after. And you just set the times for each of those. Once again, this is one of those nice things to have. When we look at a sample nurture sequence, when you get to the sales material, when we get to steps 12 through 15, you're gonna learn that the very first rule whenever you get a new lead is to follow the five minute rule. The five minute rule is that you call them back within five minutes. So that is the best form of connection that you can have with.

anybody right so i don't want you to feel pressured like i got to create this nurture sequence right now i want you to think of this as okay down the road when i want to improve my client experience further this is an easy way for me to do that use it as that let's jump to the next video repurpose and reshare workflow or no sorry repurpose and reshare plus workflow that's what i meant to say so look we're here in the leverage framework right now it's understanding that i want you to actually house all of your content in a library where you can easily access them where you can share them and reshare that content over time so what i want you all to realize is as we're creating social media content or even seo content we start with this top-down design right as we're creating all this marketing material it's not like it's one and done you're creating assets that are going to go into a library that we're going to reuse this is also why you know a lot of you are stressing about oh man right now it takes me a couple hours per video not only will that process get faster but as you build this library your need to create new content goes down so after 30 days of this you're like man

I already have a bunch of content that I'd like to republish, to reuse, that I can actually create more of. Once you've got 90 days of this, you're like, oh my goodness, once you've done this for a year, you literally have a library where at any point in time you can republish something that you have. And I'm going to give you rules kind of around it and guidelines for this, but I want you to recognize that there is so much here in terms of repurposing and resharing as long as we stay organized with the content we're creating. Now again, this is not at the front of this entire social media section because repurposing, resharing and workflow, it's one of those things that I want it to come in the process of you actually creating. I don't want you to sit there and try to perfect your workflow before you start creating. So this isn't one of those things that needs to happen like within your first few videos. It's one of those things where you take it as it comes. You're five videos in, you're 10 videos in, okay, now it's time to start creating this library as we move forward and start keeping things so I can repurpose them. So let me start with this, an ideal content calendar. I would love for you, you know, at the beginning, you're not really posting anything. This is

is usually where we are is like Sunday through Sunday or Saturday through Sunday, we're not posting anything. It's not consistent. I want you to start with like two times a week. So make a commitment and go, I'm gonna publish on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Make that your first goal. Then you've got that kind of down and you're like, okay, great, I can do this, I can manage this. Maybe I've done it for a month, I've proven it. Then you go to three times a week and you go Monday, Wednesday, Friday. And guess what? Maybe once a week, you're using one of those previous videos and maybe you're repurposing it like we're gonna show here, right? You've done that for a couple months and you've got that process down, you're consistent. And now you go, okay, I'm gonna up this to five times a week, Monday through Friday. And once or twice a week, you repurpose something from the past, right? I would say five times a week is sort of the ideal. Meaning like if you want the best bang for your buck in the algorithms, generally once a day, Monday through Friday is gonna be ideal. Seven times a week is optional. Anything above five X a week is really just like icing on the cake. There's not really a limit to how much. So I don't want you to waste your life on this, but I do want you to recognize like, each one of these is, this is good, this is great.

Five is ideal. We don't really need to go beyond that. Okay. All right, Teddy Roosevelt. He said, do what you can with what you have and where you are. And we've kind of repurposed this quote to one that I really love. The way that it's usually said today is do what you can when and when you can do more. Okay, so I get it. I get that you're busy. I get that there's a lot of things going on. I'd like for you to commit to something. If all it is right now is committing to, you know, if you're going to go once a week, fine. Go on Wednesdays, go once a week. If you're going to go twice a week, commit to something. So do what you can, when you can, do more. And the name of the game here when it comes to marketing is just consistency. Consistency is always going to be king in this space. So just kind of keep that in mind. Now, here's this thing. Lifespan. I don't want you to constantly create new material. I want you to extend the lifespan of your most engaging content by repurposing and resharing. And here's how we're going to do it. So we're going to talk workflow. So this is, and I'm going to give you a little more concrete example in just a second. But this is my content archive. So this is located on Google Drive. And I can actually.

actually show you. So this is where I house everything. So if I go to My Drive and I go to Content Archive, this is literally everything. This is my personal stuff, my portfolio, visual flow. This is photography short form. This is other types of short form for like other companies that we create. This is long form where our YouTube videos go. Everything is housed here so that it's easy to access whenever I need it, okay? I would highly recommend using Google Drive for yourself as well because I use Apple through my whole ecosystem. But I use Google Drive in conjunction because if I'm on a PC or if I'm using any other phone, then it's easy to access. It's kind of this neutral source where you can access it from Android or Apple devices, okay? All of my behind the scenes images, everything is here so I can use it anywhere. Now the actual workflow, it goes like this. So here's my workflow guide, okay? The day of or the day after your shoot. Why do I do it the day of or the day after? Because I want this to be fresh. The shoot is fresh. What I know were great images, that's fresh. The behind the scenes that I captured, all this is right in my head. Doing it the day after your shoot.

or as quickly as you can after your shoot, is the difference between spending one to two hours on this versus wasting an entire day on this process, okay? So the day after the shoot, we create the Google Drive folder. I've given you a little sample of how it looks, okay? So all I do is I would go underneath, you can put it in any folder you like, but it's the date, and then this one says Johnson Family Portrait. So just a brief description of the shoot, okay? If you wanna name it differently, by all means, I'm just showing you the way that I'm doing this. Inside of that folder, I'll create the following folder structure, and I just copy this. You can create a template folder that's just labeled 000 template, and then duplicate that folder with every single new shoot, and then just rename it to keep it very simple, okay? If you're asking, how do we do this? Well, you literally go into any one of these folders, wherever you plan on putting your content, you just right-click and you put new folder, okay? So anywhere you wanna put your content, you do this. Please keep it all in one place. So one primary folder that houses all of it. Next, you have raw BTS.

Images plus BTS and Shorts, okay? I label it like this, so Final Shorts and whatnot. This is where if you wanna keep all of your behind-the-scenes video for something, like for archival, maybe you're gonna use it, this assumes that you have adequate space on Google Drive, you can do that. I would say this is optional. You don't have to keep all of your behind-the-scenes footage. I used to keep everything, and then I got to the point where I'm creating so much footage that I'm like, you know what? I'm just gonna keep the final bits of behind-the-scenes that I'm gonna use. So I wanna say that this is optional, and if you don't wanna do this, by obviously just delete the folder and label this one 01 and this one 02, okay? The images in BTS folder, this is where I'm gonna place cuts of my behind-the-scenes. So usually I'll put them in little 30-second chunks, like kind of showing a whole concept, and then I'm gonna label the image to follow suit, okay? So behind-the-scenes 01, final image 01. So that way I can easily find them and know, okay, the behind-the-scenes, this is the final image for that behind-the-scenes, and you just have them linked up. So I just use the number to basically link them up so I know which behind-the-scenes.

it applies to which final image, okay? And that's it. They're 30 seconds behind the scenes chunks. You can cut them any number of ways. You could use Canva to cut them. You could use anything. One of my favorite tricks as well is when you've got it into Google Drive, here's a little secret that you can do inside of Canva, okay? So inside of Canva, if you go under your projects, okay, and then under folders, you can create as many of these folders as you like. So if you look under mine, I put all mine under SR Lounge for my educational stuff. It's BTS and B-roll. So whatever I cut and I snip here, I'll actually just add it directly to here. And that way it's ready to go. I can use it in any piece of content that I want. So now I've literally have my content and you can put it into specific folders if you want to, but all my behind the scenes stills and B-roll is placed right here. So when I go to like a new project, right? If I'm creating a new project, I can go right to the upload section. I can go under folders and I can go right to, did I just do, oh, this is uploads. Let's do, let's see here, videos.

Those, that's weird that it's only showing the one. Am I logged into the right account? I think I am. Let's refresh that real quick. Oh, okay, I think I have to go under Projects. So if you go under Uploads, this is for actually getting it onto your Uploads section, and then I think I have to go to Projects to actually access it. There's the folders, okay. So under Projects, Folders, we would just go to SR Lounge, and then I can find all of my folders here. So I'm just gonna go down to the BTS and B-roll, and there's footage. So I can now grab footage and just drag and drop that footage in and start creating a video, like whatever video I want. If it's, you know, this is obviously, my footage is for educational purposes, right? But this is how simple it can be to create a piece of content once you have your footage actually organized, okay? So here's little pieces of like me out shooting, and I can put a caption on this, I can do whatever, but it becomes a really simple process. So drop them into your Google Drive folder under Images and Behind the Scenes. Your final images are labeled so you can line them up, and then throw them into, you know, Canva as well. You might as well in the process.

You can organize them into subfolders if you'd like or just put them into one folder. Okay, yeah, you can edit videos inside of Canva. It's pretty dope and it's very quick. When you're doing this at a desktop the day after a shoot, you'd be surprised. You can literally have 10 pieces of done content in an hour when you get this process down, okay? Final shorts, or not done content, but you can have 10 pieces like images plus B-roll all done within the span of an hour. Okay, final shorts. Whenever you finish editing a short, whether it's from your phone or desktop, you're gonna drop it into the folder with a brief description, okay? So the final short is just gonna go under the folder. So that way, again, from any device, if I go up to these shorts, like other shorts, these are shorts that we've done for ourselves, for other brands, let's just pick one. Let's go to, we'll do a short for Adorama, okay? I can go back to any one of these shorts. I can click into it, and there is the final video right here, okay? Instead of this fantastic photo, here's how you can create lightning reports like this one. First, find a dark room. So this.

This makes it so that now that I'm building a library of these assets, once you've done this for a year, you have folders that are absolutely chock full of all of these concepts and ideas and you can start to repurpose and reshare regularly. This is what I want you to realize that a marketing system should be. It's not about just going and creating a simple video for a social media. What am I going to post today? That's not the way that I want you to work. I want you to have in mind, okay, I want to start with something long form. It's going to live on my website. It's going to be an SEO driven article. So you can be like Lucia, who's still booking Disney engagements, having written an article on it months prior, and she's getting tons of these Disney engagements constantly because of that simple article. So you're taking advantage of this top down structure by first going to SEO, you can take advantage of AI and SEO searches, and then you're going down to the next piece. Well, now I'm going to start dividing this into, most of us are going to skip the long form and go straight to short form content. Then we're going to go, okay, now I've got this library, I can start repurposing and I can reshare them. Oh, now I'm ready to build a nurture sequence. Oh, awesome.

This is what a top-down plan actually looks like, okay? So that's the workflow that I'd like you guys to follow. Feel free to tweak and to adjust when you're doing this. Then when it comes to repurposing and resharing, I made a little guide for you. So just watch your analytics, and what you're gonna do is take your best and most engaging content, and you're gonna repurpose it by, well, you could take a popular video or a video that you think could be popular, improve it a little bit, and then just republish it. And honestly, you can do this like every 30 days. You could do it like every seven days. If you're testing something out, you wanna just try it out. But really, within 30 days, nobody even remembers that you published that thing in the first place. So you could actually just republish the same video, make it better, and do that. And you'll find that when we do the audits, as you get to the end of this module and you see this section of audits, that's what I'm telling you to do. Look, this is a great concept. I want you to redo this one, follow the rules, just improve it a little bit with a text hook, with a visual element. Let's just improve it and then repost it. Easy way to reuse material. You could also create a carousel infographic or you can create a read-in-caption style video. So look, you get a high-performing short.

Maybe it's three of my favorite locations for elopements. Three of my, five of my favorite posing tips. Whatever it is, right? We can create either a carousel or an infographic. I'm gonna show you how to do this right now, okay? Let's go right over to Canva, and I just have that, a plain document. This is a plain video document. We're gonna do a second one too. So let's do a create new, and I'm gonna say carousel. Okay, we're gonna go Instagram carousel. And what it's gonna do is feed me a bunch of templates over here on the left side. So under the design column, it says carousel Instagram post. So if you've got five awesome locations for something, you could take any one of these. Pick one that feels like your brand. And usually, once I find a carousel that I like, I kinda stick to it so it looks similar to my brand. So let's say that I'm running a brand portrait. Maybe I'm doing like brand portraits for businesses, right? I'm gonna click apply to all. And all I'm gonna do is say five brand portraits.

Let's just say five, gosh dang it. Must have brand portraits. Okay, extend this a tiny bit. And then go to the second page and be like, number one is this one and why, right? And then you show, copy this page right here and the next page is just gonna be this, delete out everything, drop the image right there. Then you go number two is gonna be this one. So that could be a reel and then you could be like, hey, that reel did really well, I'm gonna go ahead and make it a carousel. And you can repurpose the exact same material into a carousel. And I go, okay, now I'm just gonna go to my BTS, here's my images and I'm gonna drop my image right here. And obviously you'd want an actual brand portrait image. I don't really have one, oh, there we go. So let's say the hero shot. A nice and authentic image of you that people can relate to.

Two. So I'm literally writing this just as I go coming up with like some sort of idea. You're gonna put obviously your info on there. So they go, when they click in the carousel, five must have brand portraits. Okay, the hero shot, oh cool. What is that? Oh, that's what a hero shot is. Oh, awesome. See how easy this is to digest? I'm literally just telling a story, aren't I? The story is, hey, every brand needs these five brand portraits. If you're a, if you want, here's five incredible poses. You know, whatever it might be, here's five locations that I love, you know, for surprise elopements. Anything can go into this that you can repurpose. So if you got a good video that does well, repurpose it. If you think something will do well, repurpose it. This is one way to do that. Here's another one. Another type of video that I love doing is the loop format where you do a read-in caption, okay? I show this in the audits as well when you get to the end of this module. But what I'm gonna do is this is just a new video folder, right? So we're just gonna go back and let's go scroll up here under elements for a second. And we're just gonna look for footage of something. So I would say like, where do I shoot?

Well, let's say that I'm often shooting kids in a field, right? So all I'm gonna do is grab a field image. Anything that you see here under videos, anything you see with a crown means that you need a premium account. Anything without the crown, you don't. So this one, I don't need a premium account. So I'm gonna use that one. What I'm gonna do now is go to the elements, click, make sure you clear this, otherwise it shows only the filtered ones that say field. So I'm gonna say square. I'm gonna add a rectangle. I'm doing this quick because I know you guys can watch a replay and I wanna show you how fast this can be. I'm gonna change this square to black and I'm gonna lower the transparency, okay? So now what I've done is I've created a video with an overlay, okay? Now I'm gonna go to text and watch this. We're gonna pick, I'm just gonna make this simple. We're gonna pick one of their already designed kind of like text pieces, right? Obviously you wanna spend a little bit of time to make this look like our brand, but I'm not gonna worry about this right now. I'm just gonna pick one. So content that clicks. And what I'm gonna say instead is five tips for video.

Let's say, let's see. Five tips, I'll say three tips. Three tips for photographing children. Okay, I'm gonna ungroup this so I can modify each one of these. I'm gonna change the color here. Okay, I'm gonna hold down Alt or Option, click and drag this so I get a copy of that. And then I'm just gonna change the font. We'll just go Noah to make it simple. I'm gonna shrink it down. Read in caption. And then I'm gonna include a little arrow. Now your arrow could be an emoji or your arrow could be an actual like element. Like you can go here and just pick an arrow, right? I can grab this. Okay, read in caption. Now I'm just gonna take this clip and I'm just gonna chop it so it's a looping footage. So what are we gonna do? We're just gonna grab it right here. I'm just gonna click Chop Anywhere, delete this piece off, and now I have a little seven second video. Three tips for photographing.

Having children read in caption. If you do family portraits, you could come up with any concept you'd like here. You're often shooting in the field. This looks on brand. And now what you do is you write the actual tips into the caption. Now, because somebody is going to open up those, those, that caption, and then start reading what happens to average watch time, you've made a seven second video, but it's going to take them 30 seconds, 40 seconds to read it. So the engagement time, your, your average watch time becomes like three, four, 500% because they're sitting there reading some really good tips on there. Right. We made this in what a minute or two, and you can reuse this now multiple times based on different things. You want to share posing ideas, you know, elopement tips, uh, mistakes that, that you want people to avoid all of these things you can incorporate. And if you ever are short on ideas, then you go right back to chat. We go to the viral script writer, or let's go to the short form viral. There we go. Right here. Say, I've got an awesome Instagram post.

where I want, and let me just shrink this a little bit so you guys can see. I think it might be at the very bottom of the screen. Okay, I want to have them read the tips in the caption while there's a simple looping video. Write me an amazing caption designed for, designed to give parents tips on photographing their children, okay? Now, I don't know if I love this concept necessarily, like tips on photographing their children because you're kind of teaching them to do it themselves. It's not a bad way to go about it. You could be that authority that teaches them how to do stuff when you're not there, but we want to make sure that this is on brand, right? And it goes, five simple tips to instantly improve photos. Get on their level. Oh, what a great tip. Like shooting from their eyeline makes your images feel more connected and natural. That actually would be really cool, right? Use natural light. I love that. Don't say cheese. Instead, tell a joke, let them play. I love all of these. So all you're going to do now is just grab whatever you want here, modify it a little bit, copy and paste this right into the caption of that video. And now you've got.

a beautiful piece of content for your social media positions you as authority it gives value it hits all the marks and you're good to go cool is that kind of fun and easy like a nice way to to see how to repurpose something so you can create a carousel infographic you can create a read and caption post all that works you could also then go to like okay i've got some really great concepts that i think would make for a fantastic lead magnet so you can turn a bunch of popular topics into a valuable lead magnet use that at the end of your your videos as a call to action to get them to provide their email and phone number we're going to talk about creating this in just a little bit as well in these lessons but i want you to get ideas include the content in your onboarding sequence we've already talked about this you can add the content as well to your newsletter if you post something that's interesting and you're sending out a newsletter you can include that content in there as well the last piece short form so what i'm saying here is you can refresh and repost almost as often as you'd like every seven days every 30 days like it's almost unlimited in terms of refreshing and reposting a video if you've modified a video yeah within a week two weeks feel free to repost

publish and repost, but you can also simply reshare a high-performing post or high-performing video every three months or so without ever touching it. Meaning like, let's say you have something that just does really well. About every few months, I'll just take that exact same video with no modifications and I'll republish it. And I'll say, throwback to this video, if you're new here, make sure you check this out. And then you'll find that the video will do well again. And it's very interesting because you can literally reuse the exact same piece of content with no changes and it's still gonna do well in the algorithm because it was a good piece of content to begin with. So the way that we talk on ShortForm, a lot of us worry about, like, should I, you know, a lot of us worry about, am I saying too many things? And my thought is always, you're generally never saying enough, okay? For most people, they're always gonna err on the side of not saying enough. But when it comes to ShortForm, when you engage with a brand, 30 days later, you've forgotten about that brand. You've forgotten about what they do. So reposting and refreshing is necessary. This is the way that.

We use short form content. This is the way that we use that medium. When it comes to long form, if we're talking about YouTube or something, yes, you don't republish the same video. That's kind of a no-no because those platforms are expected to work based on SEO, based on search, right? So we want the same resource to pop up each time they search for it. But that's not way social media is used. Social media is basically what's relevant right now as it hits their feed, which means reposting, republishing is a very valuable and important element of social media marketing. It also takes the load off. It also makes this much easier to tackle because you're not always having to create new content. Okay, that's it. Let's jump on to the next video. Next, grow your community. Okay, so we are here in the leverage framework. Again, these are ideas of how we can further amplify our marketing effectiveness, right? What we wanna do is ensure that each piece of content uses some form of call to action to drive audiences to your own community. The way that I like doing this most is with a lead magnet because if it doesn't have, if we're trying to drive people to say.

give us their their phone number give us their email and there's not a reason for it then it just sounds like kind of salesy it's like like at the end of the video be sure to like and subscribe be sure to call me if you need this be sure to leave me your phone number and email it sounds a little bit desperate right but if i say at the end of a video hey if you want more planning tips check out my free guide you can find the link in my bio hey if you want more things like this i have a guide check out my bio like all of that it's a it's a value-added next step in the process and i'm all for those okay but this is again like an optional piece to add on to enhance like what you're doing it's not one of those things that i want you to stress about now there's always this fear but am i talking too much am i marketing too much am i again most of you are i would say are doing far too little when it comes to marketing which means posts emails phone calls follow-ups i i want you if you ever have this fear i want you to lean towards the other side i want you to feel like you're doing too much and the reason is is simply having this fear if you're a person that actually feels this way you are already intrinsically unlikely to do too much so i want you to feel like you're doing too much because you're

naturally going to pull back and you're going to land somewhere in the, okay, you're doing just about enough right now. But in general, okay, I will follow up with somebody on the phone three times. If I have the time, I will post twice a day to social media. Like, like there's not really a limit to how far I would go. Generally speaking, as long as what you're doing is valuable, as long as what you're sharing, what you're posting, all those things are valuable, the more the better. So error on the other side. Now there's two huge problems here. The we have to recognize that the average person needs eight touches before buying. So if you're struggling with this idea at all, and if you won't accept what I'm saying, then I want you to recognize that like literally studies show that the average person needs eight different touches with a brand before they actually buy something. And that's because the initial touch, they might just start thinking about it. The next touch, they're like, Oh, that's a good idea. The next time they're like, okay, I got to remember to get this. And they have to wait until they're in a purchasing mode before they actually take advantage. Right? Usually that is eight touch points before they actually purchase. And the second part is if we don't provide the audience with this clear call to action of like what's next, then, then they don't know what to do. Right?

So every piece of content that you share should have a clear call to action. Now, what I would generally say is like most of the time your call to action should go into the caption, unless if you're talking like, uh, like I'm going to, I'll give you an example of like viral shorts that are like intended to be funny. Like if you're doing something funny, you can be very direct with your call to action and people are cool with it because it's funny, right? Because you're entertaining them. So let me give you just an example of what that might look like. Uh, I'm going to pull up my Instagram for just a second. My, my Instagram feed is all jujitsu and MMA and photography education. Okay. So if I scroll down on my thing here, you'll see ones like, uh, let me just find it. Okay. This for example, right? This is an example of like a, a viral stitch. Okay. Um, I think that's what typically people call them. You just grab a piece of viral footage. You can literally screenshot someone else.

as footage from your phone. And then what you do is you kind of stitch in the thing that you're doing. So usually it's like an action that fits in with the other one. Because you're entertaining people, you can be incredibly direct with your call to action. Photographers, let me get you to $10,000 a month. It's literally like hyper direct. Here's another one, a viral stitch. Okay. Okay, that hurt. Building your flower business doesn't have to. Okay, if it doesn't fit your brand, obviously you don't need to do these. If you're a serious wedding reporter. But every single one of these, this one got 115,000 views. This is Anwar, a famous comedian. Just hold on a second though. I just wish that for serious portrait and wedding photographers, I wish they knew that we have literally the best community and mastermind available. No, I know. Each one of these is entertaining. And because it's entertaining, it's meeting that, we can be very direct in our call to action.

action. When we're posting a general like behind the scenes to final video type thing, I'd like your call to action to generally go into the caption and to say, you know, you, you put a little snippet about the shoot itself and then, Hey, if you're looking for dot, dot, dot, dot, my, you know, reach out with my link in the bio. Okay. That's enough. Um, if you have a lead magnet though, that ties directly to the video. This is where, again, we can be more bold with the call to action and it won't feel salesy at all. So an example of this, I linked up, uh, Tom. So we've used Tom as an example for several things, but he has, if you go to his website right here, this will pop up 10 things to know about photography while planning your wedding. I love that it's a, it's planning tips, but it's specific to about photography while planning your wedding, right? Now you could take this set of tips, break them into 20, 30, 40 different social media posts. So social media reels, right? Shorts. And then with each one of those, you could say at the end of that, that short, you can say, look, if you want more tips, or if you want to know more about photography while planning your wedding, I have a guide. You can download the link in my bar. You can get the link right in my bio. Okay.

And the call to action makes complete sense because you're telling them in the video, this is what the next step is. I love this. This is, if you wanna, like, once you start kinda cranking on social media and you're like, okay, we're doing good here, what can I do to level up? This would be where I go next. I would develop a lead magnet that becomes a natural call to action after, you know, 50, 60, 70% of my videos, and then I would lead people to that. The reason why is because not only is it this natural next step of providing value, it also allows you to stop renting your audience. I want you to always think this. Anytime we're using platforms, platforms like YouTube, like TikTok, like Instagram, like Facebook, anytime we're using those platforms, we are essentially renting our audience from them. Meaning, you know, the fact that I have, whatever it might be, 160 something thousand, these are not my followers. I'm renting this follower number from Instagram. The algorithm controls how many of them I can reach. It controls, you know, like, I have no control over this. I have no control over who sees my content. If I wanted to reach these people who have at some point said that they're interested in my stuff.

I can't do it, okay? We could pay, obviously, to do it, but what I want you to understand is that these platforms can come and go. They can change things at a whim. So at best, we are renting our audience from them. Now, when you get an email and a phone number and you add them to your list, you're no longer renting. This is now your community. So what I would like you to do is start growing your community here by actually bringing people into your process. You get their email, you collect their information. They're part of your system now, your newsletter, not just this social media platform that we are essentially renting from them. So my favorite way of doing that is basically the lead magnet. Again, your brand strategist will give you ideas there, but let's go to this. I wanna show you just briefly the call to action to leads conversion playbook. And what I mean by this is like wherever somebody lands in my online experience, I'm listing out what the individual calls to actions are and where I want it to go. So for example, if someone lands on my website, out there at the homepage, within the head.

I want them to be able to get to the contact form. So like if they're ready to go, they can click the contact form and then from there I'm calling them, right? I'm making the phone call when they click getting to know you, it takes them to the about page. And on the about page, you have a contact form, which leads me to the phone call. If they want pricing, we take them to the pricing page, which then has a contact form, which then I'm giving them a phone call. You can get the idea here. The ultimate point of contact is the phone call. It's where we want to get to, but each one of these sources, if they get to the website and I offered the lead magnet, okay, so we could actually test Tom's if he wanted to. Let's go back to this for one second and let's click on the example. And Tom, if I scroll, if it's not the case, Tom, we're going to, we're going to send you emails, but as soon as his thing pops up, I'm hoping that to get his lead magnet, he's going to ask me for my phone number. Come on, man. Give me it. Do I got to click another page? What do I got to do? I wonder if, because a.

Cookie, I've browsed his site before, so maybe it's not popping up. Okay, either way, when his lead magnet, there it is. Okay, get my free guide. Pie at srlounge.com. Should we see if he actually calls in the middle of this? Your guide is ready to download. That's perfect. So he got my email, he got my phone number, and then he gives me my guide, right? This is ideal, this is what we want. So collect with a lead magnet, we collect the email phone, and that leads to the phone call, right? I'm gonna have to make sure I text him and say, I was kidding, or I was demonstrating. All right, social media. Look, when it comes to your bio, right, we want something that says something along the lines of like, book me here. It goes to the contact form, again, the phone call. We can also use this idea of like, if you're sharing a lead magnet, you could say comment, and you could say wedding guide, or comment, maternity guide, or comment, elopement guide, and I'll send you this lead magnet. I'm sure you guys have seen those before, right? They'll direct message the lead magnet over, and what I'm generally gonna do is ask for a phone number through the DM.

them and then go straight to the phone call. I personally, by the way, would rather send them the link to a landing page than on the landing page, get their email and phone number so that I can call them versus like trying to do this with a DM. But the way that people are doing this is through an app called many chat. Okay. You don't have to do this automated. Um, you could just manually respond to people. It's totally fine. But if you see those, those automated, like, you know, uh, comment this and I'll send you this, they're using many chat to basically get it going. And I think it's like 10 bucks a month or something. Oh, this gives you all the basic features up to a thousand contacts free of charge. So that's perfect. This is a great way to start on that. And you can, you can begin doing that. And then once you want, you can go to the pro level or whatnot. So just an option there. Okay. With engaged followers. I don't know if you guys realize this, but you can also just DM them with a question. Like if they're commenting on your stuff, you could just literally send them a direct message that says, Hey, I noticed that you were, you, uh, you liked my post about family photography. Are you guys interested in by chance doing a family photo session? Have you thought about that? Right.

right, get their information, do a phone call. With posts and reels, you can engage with a question, reply, DM, and phone call. So what this means is like you can actually ask a question with your posts and reels. I like doing that a lot. And then again, you can reply to them. Once you reply, you can send a direct message and get contact to go to the phone call. With an email sequence, if you just got someone in your email system, maybe you don't have their phone number yet, or maybe you do, you haven't been able to get a hold of them yet, you can lead this entire email sequence. Again, we want to include calls to action to basically get their info and get them on a phone call. So the premise of all this is at any one of these points, we want to give them an easy way to eventually get them onto the phone. The easiest way to get somebody on the phone that I found through social media is to provide them with value. You provide them through value with a video, then you give them a lead magnet that can give them more information. We collect their information and then give them a phone call. That's in my opinion, the easiest way to convert followers into actual community, that like people that are part of your system.

It's done. Okay, that would be hilarious if he does actually call me in five minutes. It's been almost five minutes. Okay, use this prompt with your brand strategist to come up with ideas for valuable lead magnets. So, same thing, grab this, go right to our, let's go right to our brand strategist, drop it in with what you know, help me come up with five awesome ideas for downloadable lead magnets my clients are gonna love, okay? Look at this, the honest guide to planning a stress-free elopement in Paris. 10 little moments you wanna make space for on your wedding day. Paris elopement location guide. Oh my goodness, the Paris elopement location guide. People would love to have this. And it would lead in, it would be such a natural CTA for so many different videos that I could create on social media. So, this will give you plenty of different ideas and it'll even help you to write them out, all right? Okay, friends, another idea and way that you can utilize your content to grow your community. I hope this makes sense. If you have any questions on this, please jump into the group, let me know. All right, next lesson. Last but not least is this.

Optional, expand into long-form content. So this was actually the second piece of the leverage framework. Maybe I should have like, I don't know, move the E's around. Maybe I should put experiment expand. I don't know. I'll have to look at the E placements. But look, when it's fitting, you can turn a resource into a long-form video and you'll place that long-form video on YouTube, but there's a lot of benefits of doing this. I'll still say this is optional, but let's talk about why. So a long-form video, like a good resource article that you have, maybe it's, you know, your favorite locations. Maybe it's a guide for posing. Maybe it's a, whatever it might be. It, it can be directly converted into a long-form video and the benefits are huge. Like anytime you add a long-form video or just any video, especially if it's on YouTube, if you're adding a YouTube video into an SEO article, obviously Google and YouTube, they're owned by the same company. So whenever you do that is strengthens the SEO positioning and the traffic of that article. So Google loves it. When you add a YouTube video in that's of course related, right? It also helps to build deeper trust and authority. It shows that my favorite is that in the process.

of like showing your knowledge and showing what you can do for people, you're connecting with them and you're showing personality. And this is absolutely huge. You're going to find people hiring you because they watched the video and they felt like they could connect and relate to you. And that's where we can really make our website, our entire experience sell for us. So it improves the web experience, it increases conversion rates. So there's a lot of good reasons to do this. But I'll still say like tackle this when you when you have the time right now, where can you place this on Jesse and down? You could put it right here on what makes the JD experience unique. They have an example from, uh, this is more like a highlight reel video. We have an example that takes people through our studio because a lot of people ask, like, what does the studio look like? So we have an example of that. Obviously it could be a long form video about, um, you know, planning tips about all the different things that we've talked about. It could be a lead magnet turned into a long form video, right? Again, this is a spot where you're likely going to procrastinate and kind of like try to perfect this process before you've ever done anything with it. And I want you to avoid that. Um, in fact, I actually want you to lean towards authenticity. And the funny thing is that the enemy of authenticity is actually production value.

But if we went back to that example of like Alfaz's posts, right? The enemy of authenticity is production value. Like, think about this, does, I'm not hating on this type of imagery, right? But we all know that this person doesn't act this way on a daily basis, and if they did, it'd be very weird, right? These kind of poses, the things that we do, the editorial stuff, we all know that Alfaz himself doesn't always stand in perfect light and always do things with perfection and his hair is just ideal. So the idea here is that understanding that if you want authentic, then the enemy of authentic is highly produced, okay? If we're gonna go long form, you want it to be authentic, which means generally, like low production value is totally fine. The only thing we want to be clean is just decent audio, okay? We want to show your personality and your values. I want you to relate to your target audience. So I don't want you to overthink the process. And to prove this like enemy of production value or the enemy of authenticity production value thing, I actually post, this is in a coaching community that I was a part of, and I posted my video of like, this is the.

a welcome video to the mentorship program. And this guy Jordan responded, and he said, his first thing was, hey, what did you use for the AI video on this page? And I go, that wasn't AI video, that was just me talking. And he goes, oh, I've got a bot that uses my face, this sounded so polished. And he's like, and it uses like repeated, I just thought that this was AI. So people are starting to think that if something is highly produced, it's AI. And I wanna kind of avoid that. So I wanna go towards the area of authenticity. I want you to not lean in towards this perfectionist mindset. And if we want our sales to come easy, the more you build your personality, the more you build your values, the more you showcase this throughout your online experience on social media, on your website, in your newsletter, the more you build this in, the more you're gonna find that a large portion of your sales is already done for you. You'll get these situations like Mariah has posted this, where she booked an engagement session within five minutes of the call. It's the first time she's been able to do that. You'll hear Lucia doing that. You'll hear, we have a number of people that are having that experience where it's like, man, people are coming like ready to go. And it's because you're incorporating more and more of.

who you are, your value set, your personality into each of these different areas of your online experience you're resonating with them. So what I've given you here is a long form script creator. Okay, if you don't wanna use, or actually, yeah, I think I have, let me just check, double check here. I believe, no, I think I gave you the short form script creator and the SEO one. So what this does is it just gonna convert your last resource article into a long form script. So what you can do is like, after you've created a resource article, you can just copy this and just say, I want you to turn the last resource article into a compelling long form video script. My goal is to educate and convert viewers. So that's what the script is gonna do. So you can use this after you've created an SEO resource. And then I've given you a little checklist as far as what are the different ways you can use that long form content. It can be on a homepage feature if it's relevant, within an SEO driven article resource, inside of your newsletter where relevant. You could also include it on social media, like you could put in your stories that you got a great new video, click the link, check out my YouTube video. And you can share that across social. You can include it in an onboarding experience, especially if it's something that would be helpful to like the actual shoot itself. All of these are great use cases.

for long-form content. Okay, we're done. Hope you enjoyed. I'm gonna click stop. Oh, make sure to not sleep on those audits. The audits are next. That's gonna show you everything you've learned here and we're gonna apply it to exactly what you're doing. It's gonna be incredibly helpful just seeing like what we did in terms of auditing other people's posts and reels. Okay, that's it. Let's now kind of start to experiment and expand your buckets. So now as you are learning this language of short-form content, what I wanna start doing is encourage you to actually experiment, to expand the concepts and ideas. What I kind of do is I call different types or styles of content, I say that they fall in different content buckets, okay? So think of like, you know, talking head tips is one style of content. It's one content bucket, okay? Behind the scene to file an image, another content bucket. You can, you know, in TV, they would call these segments, you know, I just am making up a word for this. So it's not like it's anything technical, but before and after transitions or carousel infographic.

or funny stitch videos. All of these fall into basically different content buckets. And what I want you to do now, is kind of watch what's going on, like experiment with new types of content and watch your analytics. And if something does well, or if you enjoy doing it, then I want you to lean more and do more of it. If you don't enjoy doing it, or if it doesn't do well, then I want you to trim and cut it from your content buckets, okay? But what's nice about content buckets, it's some of these concepts are a little more difficult to create than others. Like talking head tips can be easy if it's just you talking in the car, but if you're cutting in like images and a sample B-roll, then it takes a bit more time, right? But a behind the scenes to a final image, this can be very quick. A before and after transition, if that does well, that can be very quick too. So having different types of content allows you to not have to, well kind of divide the time it takes to make each of these up, where you have some that are quicker, some are a little bit longer, and you create a little bit of variety in the process so it's not all the same thing, or so the process doesn't become monotonous. We want your brand to feel real and have personality.

and having different styles of content does a lot of that versus just one type of content, which it can still do well, but it tends to not really be that personable. Okay, let's go here, and I'm gonna give examples of each of these. And by the way, one of the questions that popped up is that Stephanie asked as we're filming this is, do I do all of our social media work or do I have help? And generally, I do all of my own social media. With Linenger and stuff, that brand is so established that now it's been handed off and I honestly don't do anything with that side, right? But whenever it comes to designing out a new brand, I'm generally the one that's gonna be leading everything until I have a certain content style, until I want to, like I know what I'm doing, I know my voice, I know what I wanna continue with, and then I might hand off certain elements of it. Like I might use somebody for editing or I might, but it's generally gonna be in my hands because with a personal brand, we do want the material that we're showing to be personal, right? So that's kind of the answer to that. So as you get more efficient with it, as the business is making more money, there's certain elements of this that we can hand off, but what I don't want you to do is hand off your.

special sauce, so always remember there's certain aspects of this that are gonna be your special sauce, like showing your face, you know, if you're building an associate brand, it's showing the associates, it's building more people into this so you have like an overall brand that people can relate to, right? So don't give that up, because what I often see is people often make the mistake of handing off their social media too quick before they've established a style, before they know who they're talking to, before all of that, and then what they end up doing is paying hundreds or thousands of dollars a month to somebody to manage their social media, and it does nothing. They just put up posts, they just put up generic stuff, it does nothing. Or I see people do well on social media and then hand it off without creating a process, without creating like an SOP and a procedure and a voice for this, and then again, the next person that steps into it mucks it up. But I've never once seen somebody who's new just hand their social media to somebody and for it to do well. I've never seen somebody come into this, just be like, I'm gonna outsource, and I see it all the time. People will start a business and just outsource their social media, pay 2,500 bucks a month. I've never once seen that do well, okay? So take that for what it is worth because I think.

that means something significant there. Okay, content bucket sample. So what we're gonna do is just go over different kind of concepts that I've seen and videos that I like to give you ideas of different styles of videos, right? There's not one style of talking head video. Here's one where she's literally talking over the actual BTS clip, and I really liked it. It was really natural. This is from Annie Chen. For today for kissing, don't use duck lips. Tilt your head, tilt your head, and. Did you notice? Tip for today for kissing. That is, that's a hook right there, right? She's got a visual element, she's got two visual elements plus text. It's very engaging. Let the lips touch. And then, like, she's responding to basically what people have said in her comments. I love that. There's duck lips, she has what not to do, natural lean. So, the tip for today for kissing. Okay, so incredibly simple. Behind the scenes, she narrates it, shows a couple photo video, like photos. You could do this.

It's in a number of ways, right? If you want to narrate it, great, but you could also do this exact same thing without even narrating it, couldn't you? Like you could literally just say, you could actually post the behind the scenes, show like the X what not to do, and then you could say like read the rest in the caption. You could do it a number of different ways and get this exact same concept, but this is one example of a talking head style video. Here's another example. This guy I noticed, let's click in so I don't have to say this guy, I can actually say his name. So Alfaz Photography, right? I noticed that his brand is hyper refined, like very luxurious, hyper refined. You know, he's trying to go for like clients that want to be on Vogue and like this natural, supernatural high-end editorial aesthetic, all this. So it kind of makes sense that every one of his videos is as polished as that. I don't think this is necessary personally, but if you want to build a brand that is very polished, then this is an example of that. So let's see. The time. Imagine how, do this in half the time. Imagine how would the food taste if you're given only.

half the time your caterer asks for. This is what happens about 60% of the times when photographers and videographers are expected to deliver the work in half the time they've asked for. Now on an average 7 out of 10 times a bride... So every one of his reels you'll notice is kind of that format and again this works right or it looks like he's got a new style now but each one of these hair side strands and the challenge that it brings. We know you all brides love that hair side strands and it's probably on top of your bridal inspiration. I personally don't feel like this hyper produced style is my taste right. I like being very authentic, I like connecting with people, I like being real but it's not to say that this is wrong. If your brand is this then by all means you can lean into that too okay but it's another style of talking head where he's literally just talking directly to the camera and he's most definitely reading off of a script. I would say if you are going to read off of a script the the feedback I would give is make sure it comes across more natural. I can actually see his eyes reading and I can I can see the the pauses and awkward breaks.

which makes it a little bit uncomfortable, okay? But still, good example of a talking head style. You guys have seen this one already. This is a behind the scenes to a final image one. Here's another one. This is a timed slideshow example, okay? That's it. You can do this all day long. If you've got nice images, you can do a timed slideshow all day long. Again, I still like to have a little bit of a stronger hook in it, but this totally works, okay? And a lot of like social templates and a lot of the templates that you'll see are our timed slideshows. Here's the editing before and after. And you don't have to make it as fancy as this. It can literally just be a swipe. But oddly enough, a lot of clients really like seeing this. It's not just for, this is under VF presets, but we've posted these for Lin and Jersa. And it's really funny that like clients really enjoy and they engage with this. Especially when you ask an engaging question, like which do you like more? Or you give them like the option between black and white or color, right? Or you show them like, here's what editing looks like. But this is what it does.

Okay, now that's a little bit of a fancy way of doing this. You'll need an editor or someone that has a little bit of experience to be able to do that, but you could just do a swipe. There's plenty of like templates that'll just do a swipe. You can find those in Video Leap, you can find them in CapCut, and you can create a before and after. And again, I don't know why, but the clients find those very engaging when you ask that question of like, you're asking their opinion of what do you like more, and that's really fun. This is those viral stitches and transitions. This is the sliding one. I think you guys saw this earlier. It's fun, it's very engaging. You'll get lots of like comments on it. I would say like, don't build this into your brand. If you're not about the fun and the quirky vibes, like this would be awful for someone like Alfaz to be doing viral slides. That would completely destroy the vibe that he's trying to give. He's trying to give this ultra luxurious and like, you know, Vogue brand. And then you start doing this viral bullshit that doesn't fit the brand at all, right? It kind of brings it down.

So make sure that whatever you're doing, it fits the style of brand you're creating. If it's quirky, if it's fun. One of my favorites too is this objection or belief shifting post. So all it is is a simple behind the scenes video. I'm sitting there, and this is what people think a lot, right, especially this is designed for coaching. But this could be like, you could say, you know, I'll plan the shoot when I lose 10 pounds, right? This could be like, how do I find the right person? Or it could be any belief that is wrong or any myth that you want to break down goes into the box that's red. And then you simply point at the box and you're pointing just in the air because the box you add in the edit, right? But with the timing of the beat, you just switch that over to the right mindset shift. And then you put the rest inside of the caption, okay? So another simple style of content. Okay, yeah, Wes, Wes is watching this live and Wes, those viral pieces would work beautifully within your brand. Cause I noticed that your brand is more authentic.

more fun, more quirky. So you could do that kind of stuff and it would feel very seamless. Tips and captions below, I gave you guys examples of that. This is a messy example of it, but it still does well. So this is five tips in mind when choosing your photo shoot location. So look, all it is is a piece of B-roll. What I generally like for this is, and one of the critique that I gave to the team, because the team put this together based on like my format, right? One of the things that I said was, I like the footage to loop in a way where you don't know that it's really looping. And so that's why I like using stock footage for stuff like this and designing it more like the example I think I showed like this, because you don't necessarily know when it gets to the end, the footage is gonna loop, but you don't really know that it's looping. It's so natural and subtle in the background that it makes the text very easy to read. So this is the same content bucket, but this is kind of the team's interpretation of it. And this is what I mean is like, when you hand something like this to the team, they created this instead of following kind of my guidance of like, well, I would do this, right? And so you really have to have a process very well laid out before it's handed off. Otherwise the...

results aren't necessarily gonna be great. Although in this, I think this one still did pretty well, got decent views, but it could have done much better. Okay, let's go back here. The idea, I want you all to, look, I don't want you to spend tons of time on social media. I have a timer on my phone, and I think because I left my phone on and I actually hit it already. So for Facebook, for Instagram, for every app, I have a timer, it's a one hour timer on social media. And whenever I hit that timer, I'm done for the day. But I do want you guys to spend some time on social media each day. Maybe it's 15 minutes, maybe it's 30 minutes, maybe it's an hour. I factor in also if I'm gonna publish, it goes in that one hour time as well. The reason why is I want you to see different ways that people are communicating and what's effective and what's not, okay? If you'll notice in the photography space, I would say probably 60, 70% of posts follow the same basic format that we talked about. It's that behind the scenes to final image formula that we talked about. But they often have different ways of doing it. There's enough.

There's a number of ways that you can do it and so I want you to see those examples and I want you to see what's working and then experiment and expand your buckets. Play around. When something does well, lean more into it. Understand that you're gonna grow when you go. So again, I don't want you to look for perfection. I want you to go out and actually try things. We don't need to worry about having the perfect feed. Those days are gone where somebody's looking at your Instagram feed and they're trying to make sure every image is cohesive. That's a bunch of bullshit that's gone thankfully because it was garbage, it was, that fed so much into that social media lifestyle stuff that was just I think a plague personally. Get out of your own way, have fun with this. If something doesn't do well, don't worry about it. Revamp it, try it again, use that little guide that we talk about here. The one that you're gonna see is we go through the audits. You're gonna see me using the guide over and over to test and to see like where are the issues with the content and then redo it. If something doesn't feel like it's you, drop it. Try a different content style. Once you've got three or four different types of content in your content bucket, so you got three or four different content buckets going, great, keep up with it and tweak and adjust.

just as you go. Okay, so to catch everybody up, Stephanie's asking about like, would review posts be a good kind of thing to incorporate into like a content bucket? And my answer is absolutely, right? Review posts can be fantastic. Now, we wanna follow the format that we talked about when it comes to creating good short-form content. We still wanna tell a story. We still wanna make it engaging. And I'm gonna give you an example of this. And I'm gonna give Tim this feedback too. But Tim Eirich, one of his review posts just hit my feed today. And I saw it and I wanted to kind of pull it up. So. Okay. Now it's got nice audio that's timed with this. And everything is great, right? The only thing with this is when I click this, I love that he turned a review into a slideshow. But you could probably see the problem. If you're watching this, what do you think the problem would be? I'm hoping. Yeah, yeah, right? Like you can't read this fast enough. It's we see the review, but we can't figure out what's happening quick enough. So we're missing a basically a hook that's gonna bring.

people into it. So we could take this exact thing and let's say for example, it's maybe we record the client saying something nice about our brand, right? You don't want to include the whole thing. What you'd want to do is include one sentence, one powerful sentence they say it's maybe three to five seconds and have a text hook over it that says, wait to see their photos. Then you, you drop and you show their photos, right? And now you've got a viral video that's a review video, but it meets all the criteria of this. So this is, this is great, but you'll find that if, if we don't give it that hook, if we don't give it context, when someone sees this, it's too much. They don't know. They don't know if this is an ad. They don't know if they're going to see photos. They can't even figure out who you are, what it is that you do. None of those things, right? If you're looking for a photographer who's not only talented, but also enjoy to work with a highly recommend Timothy, um, like what he could say is, let's see, let's read the whole thing. Where do I even begin? We are engaged in photos taken by Timothy. Okay. The whole experience was absolutely amazing. That's your line.

Okay, or you can do, he made us feel at ease. He guided us through every pose. That's another line. You could actually take this exact review and you could repurpose this into four or five different review videos all with different opening hooks and then show the images. And you can see it. You can just sort of start it like with the word review and like your hook in quotes. Correct, I would say review, five stars, and then I would say that one line. And then I would say, wait for the photos. Okay, or here are the photos. We still want to, so I love the idea for it, but the ultimate thing is we still want it to be a piece of content that's gonna be viral. And if you notice, like again, views aren't always the best metric, but you can tell that like this kind of fell off compared to his normal that would get maybe 500 to 700. This kind of fell off a bit, has 128. Right, it's hard to capture. It's hard to read. This has 373. Tim shows his face.

It has 1,500, right? Look, 1,500, 400. So I like the concept, but we have to make sure that we execute in a way that's still palatable. We have to bring our storytelling to the platform, to the format that we're sharing.