how every algorithm works in a nutshell, okay? Now, why are we gonna spend time learning the algorithm? Because I feel like if you understand how the algorithm works, you're gonna immediately know things that you should potentially avoid, okay? Like making videos too long or not being very clear as to who we're targeting or not specifying and creating hooks in each video. It's gonna become crystal clear in this process, okay? Now, we are not, to be clear, trying to game the system. Gaming the system is virtually impossible. None of us know exactly how the algorithm works for any of these companies. And every one of these companies.

Their algorithms vary, but I can tell you this, they're pouring the best minds into it. Frankly, I wish these minds were doing things that were more important than designing algorithms, but they're getting the best minds. It's millions and millions of lines of code, lots of AI, and billions of dollars going into these algorithms. And the algorithms are designed to basically get you, whoever you are, the right type of material to look at. Why? Because they want to buy your attention, okay? It's all about attention. Attention is valuable. If we can keep you on the platform longer, we have something that's very valuable. So trying to actually game the system is a fairly narcissistic approach.

kind of pursuit, right? Because what you're really saying is like, me, this little guy, I am more intelligent than everyone else, all the AI, and all the billions of dollars that have been thrown at this because I'm gonna find the loophole. So number one, it's like, really? Are we really gonna find the loophole? Number two, even if you did find a loophole, they generally get repaired within a very short time, they get fixed really quickly, and they lead you to the wrong audience anyway. So anytime you hear something like, well, just follow trends, or just use this sound, I can't tell you, for like two years, my whole feed was, oh, this sound is trending, jump on it right away. That's what the coaches were saying.

sound is trending, you should use this right away, you're gonna get a million views. Check out this person, they got a million views by using this. Even if you end up getting those views, even if you find a way to game a system, you're unlikely to actually reach the right audience, you're not gonna be able to consistently create engaging content, and you're gonna grow an audience that's actually disengaged with your content. Sorry, that should say disengaged, not engaged. Okay, so let's not worry about any of that. Let's not worry about trying to follow trends, sounds, like all this gaming stuff, let's just toss that out as complete bullshit. I will tell you when some of it can make an impact, but...

The reason why it is, it'll be psychological and it should make sense to you, okay? But we'll cover that in just a second. For now, let's toss it all. In short, what every algorithm wants is AWT. Drill this into your head, AWT, average watch time. Average watch time just means how long somebody spends on average watching a particular video. Okay, the better, the more the average watch time, the better, the longer they are keeping somebody on a video and the longer they're keeping them in platform. Really simple, right? YouTube operates this way, Instagram operates this way, doesn't matter if it's long form, doesn't matter if it's short form. Look, the bottom line is, if someone is.

is watching your video, that means it's good, and so they're gonna serve it to more people. If average watch time is high, it gets served to more people. That's it. The best part about this is that, I don't know if you've heard in the education and coaching and YouTube world, a lot of people talk about followers being dead. The idea of having followers or subscribers is dead. The reason why is because the algorithms are so good at finding what people like, what they want, that you can get an insane amount of reach despite having no followers. So followers can be somewhat helpful. They're people that you know are gonna continue engaging with your stuff, but it's not something to focus on because your reach is no longer limited.

by following. Whereas 10 years ago, yes, followers had a huge impact on your reach, today it does not, okay? And that's beautiful. It levels the playing field. As long as your content is good, it's gonna get served up regardless of how many people follow you, okay? So let's make this very simple. If it's all about average watch time, this is the average percentage of the video that your audience watches, then what it kind of means is, if you have, let's just say for example, we have a 10 second video so that these numbers are easy, right? 30% average watch time means on average, people watch it for three seconds. The algorithm goes, that's pretty good. I'll serve this to some people.

70%, they watched it for seven seconds. The algorithm goes, hey, that's pretty great. I'm gonna serve it to even more people. And then if it's 100% plus, maybe it's 150%. That means that on a 10 second video, the average person watched it one and a half times. Goes, this is fantastic. Whenever you get into this range, you're looking at a viral video because it's gonna keep serving it to more people because the average watch time is up. Now what's happening is as it says, I'm gonna serve it to more, what usually happens with a video is you start off with like 70% and it goes, I'm gonna serve it to more. And it keeps serving it and then your average watch time drops 60%, 50%. And when it gets to a.

Remember, nobody knows what these numbers are. These are just ideas that I'm throwing out, okay? We don't know what the specific numbers are. I'm giving you a representation of that. But as it serves it to more people, what eventually happens is it reaches an equilibrium. Or, and when it reaches that space where it's like, okay, we found the audience, people watch it for around this time, we're gonna serve it to only those people that are interested in it, and that's it. Something goes viral when they serve it to more people and your average watch time holds or gets better. Like as more and more people see it, they're like, man, everybody is finding this to be interesting, so we're gonna keep serving it to more.

In a nutshell, this is all you need to realize when it comes to creating good content is average watch time, that's it. And what this should tell you is a video that is fantastic at 10 seconds is not necessarily fantastic at 20 seconds. If somebody watches a 10 second video for 10 seconds because you made it engaging and interesting, that video will be served to more people than if you make a 20 second video that someone only watches for 10 seconds. So,

This should point at the idea of economy, economy of words, economy of length. Does this concept make sense? I'm hoping so. What it says is we're always better off making a more interesting, more engaging video that's shorter than worrying about making it longer. And if we're gonna make it longer, we wanna make sure that every second of that video deserves to be there. Because if not, average watch time drops and our reach drops. Okay. So knowing the algorithm now.

I'm gonna kind of reference back that Jeremy Little case study, and we're gonna talk about average watch time and why it's so important to develop the right audience. So our case study, he's not the jerky guy, right? He's the guy on Instagram or TikTok that tells jokes. So what I want you to think about is this. And if this lights up an aha moment, I want you to jump in the mentorship group and post. Holy shit, I get it now. This is how your own brand can damage you if you get the wrong people following. I want to ask you a question. I want you to think about this. Jeremy has 4.6 million followers. Every one of those are expecting a joke video.

The algorithm, when he uploads a video, is gonna serve the video to maybe 1,000, 2,000 of those 4.6 million, right? Of his followers, it's gonna serve that video to a chunk of them. And it's gonna read back if they're interested. What happens when Jeremy uploads a video about beef jerky instead of a joke? His own audience swipes past it and destroys his average watch time. Does that make complete sense now? How the wrong association with your brand can actually damage your brand?

So, his own audience is going to become a limiting factor in reaching more people. If he wants to talk about jerky or about whatever else, anything that is not a joke because everybody there is there for a joke. It's not because they hate Jeremy. It's just because when they see his face, they're like, oh, is it a joke? Oh, it's not a joke. I'm going to swipe by. So audience misalignment basically means that your average watch time, it drops right out of the gate because your own audience is not interested in what you're showing. Now, is it if you have like a thousand people, two thousand?

5,000, 10,000, is it a death nail? Not necessarily because your videos are gonna be served to say a portion of your audience that's interested and it's gonna be served to non-followers as well. But what it says is the followers are gonna depress or suppress your average watch time. The followers are the ones that are gonna lower that number and depending on how many followers you have, like it can be not great. I would say don't concern yourself if you have 10,000 followers but they're not the right followers. Don't worry yourself about it. I have a hundred and, I think each time I film this, like my follower count drops because initially when I was doing all that testing back in 2020, I grew my.

Instagram following from like 25,000 people to like 250,000 in about a month and a half by just posting iPhone tutorials, like how to take better pictures with your phone, right? And then as I'm like, I don't wanna be doing this forever, this was just an experiment, I started just creating business content. And of course, the follower number just drops nonstop. Now, truthfully, I would be better off creating a new account that was focused on photography business content than continuing. The thing is that I kind of use my own pie at, piejersa at Instagram, that account is like my play account. It's my journal, it's like a play account. I'm not trying to develop anything out of that. But if I were, I would most certainly start.

a new account because each one of those existing followers, they are unlikely to be there for the reason that I might want to be talking and they're going to depress my average watch time right out the gate. What I'm hoping you guys understand and take from this outside of like, okay, now I know how the algorithm works. Now I know what's going on. I'm hoping you're also going to get out of this knowing that short form is not just this idea of TikTok or Instagram reels or YouTube shorts. These are just platforms. Those can come and go. What you're going to build in terms of a content library here, what I'm going to teach you to build, you can publish onto any of these platforms. Like if a new thing comes out and everybody

it moves to it, we move our library to that new place. So it's not like we're limited in this, okay? I also want you to recognize that none of this is dancing and following trends. Like, this is stupid. If you wanna dance, by all means, but you don't have to do this to reach millions of people, okay, to reach, or even like just thousands of the right people, okay? And it's not about gaming the algorithm and trying to keep up to date on all these like stupid little hacks of like, oh, use this sound and do this. What short form is, is providing value in less than 90 seconds. Something, it's you learning how to communicate effectively and in an engaging way in a short window. And truthfully, this is.

This is a skill that has benefited me so much just outside of creating content. When I took what I learned, I'd been doing content in 2020, I'd been doing content on YouTube for a while, like seven, eight years. So I was pretty confident with how I create content. I'm like, I'm gonna take that and I'm gonna go to ShortForm and learn and apply everything. What I learned from doing ShortForm wasn't just ShortForm content, it was how do I communicate to anybody in a quick and efficient manner. And that has translated to my ability to sell, it's translated to the way I communicate with my friends, it's translated to everything. So this is a.

skillset that is gonna take you well beyond simply just learning social media, okay? This is gonna grow as a medium too, because it's the easiest bridge content that we have, right? Like I said, it's transferable, and that aspect, personally, I think, is the most valuable part of this. It's gonna be, yes, it's gonna improve your ability to sell, it's gonna improve your ability to communicate with your wife, your husband, your partner. All of that is gonna improve, because you're gonna realize like, oh, I can actually say a lot without saying much, and that becomes really strong as a tool. Okay, so your focus.

Focus as we move forward. I want you to create content that your audience wants to watch. We're gonna focus on watching our average watch time. We're gonna focus not on views but making sure that we're getting the right views and we're gonna build this up and believe me, it's gonna come quickly but I also want you to give yourself some patience, some grace because there's a learning curve here. I'm gonna help you through it as fast as possible and once you get through it, you're gonna be like, I used to hate social media. Now, I kind of like it. I like being able to reach my people whenever I would like and it's kind of easy. Yeah, we still need to control, like we don't want to be on it all day. There's still downsides to it but you're gonna.

and see the benefits in a way that you haven't seen before. All right, let's jump to the next lesson.