Let's dive now into kind of a next step of perfecting your hooks, okay? I wanna give you an idea of the different types of hook variations there are, and kind of just work on making sure that we're building these into each piece of content that we create, whether we're using a template, whether we're creating from the ground up. The hook is such an important part of every single video because of going back to the idea of every algorithm wanting average watch time, okay? They want a lot of watch time.

So, a good hook is what makes it easy and what makes it kind of, well, desirable for someone to keep watching a video. If we don't have a good hook, our average watch time plummets because people are not actually engaging and watching the material. So, making that idea again simple, this is just a brief review of it. If a video, let's say a 10 second video has 30% average watch time, say 3 seconds, that's good. If it gets 70%, that's even better.

It's gonna serve, the algorithm's gonna serve that video to more people. And if it gets 100%, 10 or 10 seconds of watch time, or even perhaps more than that, like someone rewatches it, then it's fantastic, it's gonna serve it to more. We don't know the exact numbers, of course, but what we know is that average watch time is how every one of these algorithms work. The better your average watch time on a video, the more it's gonna be served to more people, okay? So this hook is really gonna be your, it's gonna be that.

main piece of a video where if our, you can have a fantastic video, okay, to give you an idea. You can have an amazing 10 second, 20 second, 30 second video. If the opening two, three seconds doesn't give them a reason to continue, then it's gonna flop. It doesn't matter how good the rest of the material is, the rest of the content. If the hook is not in place, it is always gonna flop, okay? So within two, three seconds, we need to give them a reason to stay and then we need to deliver on that. Now, as far as hooks go, I would.

kind of break it down to like five main types. This was, earlier this was three and I was kind of like, you know, let's include these other versions and we're gonna give you examples of these. But a visual hook is that something visually interesting is happening as soon as the video loads, right? A text hook might be the text title that you place as soon as the video loads. A sound hook is which sound we're using as say the background track or the audio track of the video. A narrated hook is a hook that I might speak out loud.

Here's my three favorite dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, right? That's a narrated hook. And a viral hook is an example of like kind of using something else that's getting popular and incorporating it into your video. I'm gonna give you examples of each of these to kind of give you ideas. So let's kind of just take a look. I'm gonna click here and what in the world did my links not go through? Hold on one second. Let me pull up this file actually and if the links didn't go through, I can click it. I'm gonna.

I go ahead and I think on your guys' version of this, well, it might not be, I didn't give you guys the most latest version of it yet, but I will make sure that this is uploaded to the material as soon as we finish. Okay, so perfecting your hooks, interesting, the link is right there, but it didn't load for some reason. Okay, let's give a look at this one. So this, we'll just watch it through start to finish.

Okay, so if we pause here, you'll notice that it is visually interesting. You see a couple kind of in the water. You see me. It's a behind the scenes moment. So we have a visual hook element. We also have the text hook element, right? The moment versus the image or the moment versus the shot. That's our text hook. There's also a viral element that's also part of the audio element, right? The viral element here is that this audio that's being used.

the little viral stitch is something that's quite popular. It's something that's been used quite a bit to say like, look, something's coming, right? We're gonna do a payoff. And so what you see is that this little, this is from a movie where Leo kind of, I forget, I think it's like the, whatever Hollywood movie, anyway. This is a viral clip that's been used all the time to kind of point to here's something comes, right? And so there's this audio slash viral piece of this where it's just literally edited in.

like you're literally just cutting and inserting this piece directly into the video. Okay, and then you show the payoff. And the audio lands with like the timing, the music and whatnot. So it's an example of basically incorporating a visual hook, a text hook, a sound hook, and a viral hook element into a single video, okay? Let's do another example. All right, so this one, another example, visual, text, sound plus viral. Let's see what this one is.

Okay, so what do we have in this one? We have a text-based hook. The first shot is that three, right? It's a countdown. We have the audio hook as well, where you literally hear the countdown, three, two. We have visual elements where you're seeing like me working and the behind the scenes. And then we have the payoff, which lands on the drop.

for the video, okay? Obviously, whenever it comes to like a behind the scenes, this by the way is following that same viral formula that I told you all about, the one that you can use over and over and over behind the scenes to final image, behind the scenes to final image. These are just different variations of it. The Leo one where he says, oh, oh, look at this, versus the 321, it's just a variation on that exact same concept.

of behind-the-scenes to final image, okay? We most certainly want to make sure that the final image that we're showing, the payoff, is actually a good image. And it's actually better, like it's kind of the case that we want the behind-the-scenes to not look nearly as good as the video itself. One of the interesting things in the audit that we did was one of our alumni had some really beautiful behind-the-scenes cinematic footage that they filmed with their camera, right? And they were like, can I use this with the

and the issue is your cinematic footage already looks so beautiful that when you put the image next to it, people could actually argue like they like the footage better than the image. So we want behind the scenes that looks just like how a normal person sees the behind the scenes. We want it to look kind of like junk. We want them to see all the busyness, the distractions, everything about it. And then all of a sudden they see the payoff and how good it is when you create your image. We want that in each piece that we create, okay? Another example.

This is a visual plus text plus a spoken or narrated hook, right? So if I click this one, okay. Did you know that printing and hanging? Wait rewind. Easy weekend photo project for y'all. Did you know that printing and hanging photos of your children is proven to boost your child's self-esteem? Your photos are meant for more than just social media. Please feel free to share this message and okay. So this was I made this back in 2020 when I was just testing and just trying to figure out this this format and whatnot. So

Ignore the fact that there's three calls to action on this and everything. And also, I would have said like, the better hook in this, I actually buried the better hook in the second line, right? This is when I'm figuring out all this stuff. Weekend photo project for y'all. Did you know that printing and hanging photos of your children is... Did you know that printing and hanging photos of your children is proven to boost self-esteem? That's the actual hook. That's the one that's the strongest piece that I should have opened on. But still, when we look at a video like this, there is a...

text-based hook right here. There's a narrated hook, and then there's also the visual element, this kind of like sped up video of us just basically putting images onto the wall, right? So we're still meeting each of those criteria as far as there's a visual, there's a text, and there's a, I'm gonna say, did I say spoken or narrated? Either way, it's the same difference. Okay, I think I was supposed to say spoken. Okay, that's a no for me, not for you guys. So what I want each of you to.

realize in this process is not to overthink it. Let's actually go back to the actual slide deck so it's not so busy. And, oh, weird, it looks like some of those linked and this one is the only one that didn't link. So that's strange. What I want you to think in this process is, I don't wanna overthink it. I don't want you to perfect your video like to get the lighting just right. I want you to create videos in places where it's natural to you. This is a video where I'm literally just giving a tip. I'm in the car waiting for my kids.

And I gave a tip on like, you know, if you're an aspiring photographer, and if you look at the views, as an aspiring photographer, I said, does this resonate? That's my opening hook, right? It got 10.6 thousand views. That's kind of crazy. And look at the engagement, look at the number of shares and views. So it's just an interesting idea and a concept for someone to think about. And I filmed it from my car in five minutes and it got over 10,000 views. That's an insane superpower to think of

Literally inside of your pocket that you can take advantage of anytime you want, okay? To be able to reach an audience anytime you want and you don't need it to get 10,000. If it gets 100, 500 of the right views, then that's great. That's fantastic. But this process can be very simple and a hook can be as simple as wait for it or my favorite from and so and so's whatever shoot, right? It's giving them. It's anything that gives them.

a bit of context for what they're about to see and why they should stay. Because remember, when someone is scrolling in the feed, they're seeing one video after the next. So if we don't build these elements of hooks into the video, there's no reason for them to actually stay. Most people aren't gonna stay just to try to figure out what a video means. They're gonna click and move past it. So just like I like to start every article I write, every resource that I write, every lead magnet, every course, I always start with the title.

of that program or the title of that resource, the title of the article, because from there, it tells me exactly what needs to go inside of it to deliver on basically this promise, right? To make something that's clickable, something engaging, something has a strong promise, and then from there, we deliver on it. The hook in your videos, it serves the exact same promise, or serves the exact same purpose, I should say. It's there to tell somebody why they should stick around, why they should stay.

And then you're going to deliver on it so what you end up creating is not just clickbait. Now I can show you this exact same process. If I were to show you just briefly, I'm going to pull up Drive for one second because I was just working on a new three-day bootcamp that we're going to be doing for our next enrollment cycle. And so the new three-day bootcamp, I'm calling it Leads on Repeat. Now look, the first thing that I wrote is the actual hook.

days I'm going to show you the exact marketing system we've used to generate a hundred plus leads a month and over thirty million dollars in photography revenue over the last fifteen years without using paid ads. That's the entire premise. So before I even create the outline I create this hook and then once I go to the outline I go okay now I'm going to make sure that this delivers on what I wrote up here in terms of that hook. So what I want you to recognize is that no matter what type of content I'm creating no matter what type of content I'm creating it's going to deliver on what I wrote up here. It's going to deliver on what I wrote up here.

really we can remove the term content, we can replace it with anything, whether it's a marketing message, whether it's a course, whether it's a video, whether it's on YouTube, whether it's on Instagram, no matter what I'm creating, I'm starting with what is the value, what is the hook, what is the element that I want to create, the reason why I want somebody to watch this, and then we deliver on that, okay? And ultimately, I'm giving you a formula to do this throughout this entire module, but really what you're learning is just how to.

you tell an easy to understand story? It's just storytelling made simple. That's kind of the secret that you're learning right now, is this is just storytelling. Now most of you as photographers, you're already good about telling a visual story with images, with photography, but you'll remember that there was a point in time where you weren't that good at it. There was a point in time where you were like, man, these album spreads and layouts that other people are putting together are so cool. They've incorporated details and they've incorporated the getting ready and they've incorporated.

all these different elements and I feel like it tells a true story, there was a time when you were learning that as well. Now, you're simply learning how do we take this skill of storytelling and apply it to a different area, to social media, to a short form video, to a long form video, to an article, to a resource, all of that. I'm gonna give you examples of storytelling hooks and then I'm gonna give you a four step spoken hook formula in case you want to narrate a hook, okay, or speak a hook.

say in a talking head style video. So these are examples of storytelling hooks, things that you've probably heard quite a bit on other social media videos. So for just a moment, I want you to imagine, and then you continue the story, right? I have a story I've been dying to tell you, or I have a story I've been dying to tell someone about, so look, I'm gonna tell you. Let me tell you a story, a true story, mind you. Have you ever wondered what it would be like if? I want you to close your eyes.

and just picture this with me for a moment. I've been holding onto a fascinating story that is too good not to share. All of these are opening storytelling hooks that make a person go, hey, I kind of want to stick around and see what this person has to say, right? And then what comes after it, we need to make sure that it delivers on each of these promises. But if there was a formula for like a spoken hook, right? Now, obviously there's spoken hooks, but there's also all of these other types of.

There's visual hook, a text hook, a sound hook, narrated hook. Narrated is what I mean by a spoken hook and I'm gonna flip-flop that. As well as a viral hook, right? But if we're talking about like, is there a formula for say, a spoken hook in case you wanna do a talking head video, in case you wanna narrate a video, that's why I said spoken versus narrated because narrated, you're not on the screen. Spoken hook is like, it could be a talking head, it could be a narrated video, it's just something that you say out loud, okay? So what you're gonna do is grab.

any one of your SEO topics or articles, go back to your niche keywords in step six and eight, and then we can turn it directly into a short form video using the viral video creator. So basically we can do this in a number of ways. If you already have an interesting topic here, great, go and grab one of those and we can just use that topic. If you've already created resources, fantastic. If not, you can use this AI prompt with your brand strategist to help you ideate, okay? So what I would do is go back to my brand strategist. I'm gonna click down here.

here, where is it, see more, my brand strategist, and I would just drop this into my brand strategist. This will give you your ideas in terms of, like if you need to ideate on what you could possibly speak about if you don't have ideas from the previous section. So how to choose, my Northern Nest was an elopement brand, so this gives me elopement type videos or concepts. So if you want to learn more about Northern Nest, check out my Northern Nest video, and

Fantastic. From there, well, we're going to go to this next piece. You just select a spoken hook format. So I've given you, this isn't like an end-all, be-all list. It's just an idea of say 12 different very common formats. Like if you're planning, so going back to this, right? If and then. If you are planning an elopement in Paris, then here are five incredible locations to consider, right? So you can take any one of these hook formats.

and basically just turn each of those ideas into this little hook. So secrets and hacks. I'm gonna share with you my secret. Okay, here are my 10 secret hidden gem locations for eloping in Paris, okay? The number one thing. If you're eloping in Paris, the number one thing I've learned is dot, dot, dot. So each of these just gives you an idea. All you gotta do is start with this.

hook format, and then you're going to speak to your audience. You're going to make sure that you're, you're always saying, if you are, you're going to use the word you at least once within this hook. If you are planning an elopement, okay, here is my secret for your elopement in, in Paris, whatever it might be. And obviously we, we'd, it'd be ideal if we can include some power words in there. So power words are words like, like secret, right? Or here's proven or genius or, or hidden, or all of these are power words to make somebody go, Hmm.

I wanna, I really wanna check this out. Now, if we can include some numbers or points on that list too, that's even better. So going back to this, right? Let's see, here's how you can, or let's say if you're eloping in Paris, then here are three hidden locations you gotta check out. Perfect. Or if you are planning a surprise proposal, here are three incredible locations you have to check out. Right?

The number one thing I've learned as a maternity photographer is dot dot dot whatever you want to say the the biggest mistake you'll make when it comes to planning your wedding or there are three here are the three biggest mistakes you'll make when planning a wedding timeline. Be specific in terms like when planning a wedding or when it comes to your photography and wedding timeline be a little more specific than that but I think this gives

gives you ideas, speak to your audience, use power words in it, and then when you can, include numbered point lists. And I've given you just a whole little set of examples. Here are, if you feel low mood, here are three things that are gonna help. Stop taking pictures like this, try this instead. Now obviously, these are gonna be hooks that are on various topics. I want you to see what it looks like on these different topics, and you can apply it to whatever niche, whatever genre that you would like, okay? But obviously, here are my three favorite food joints in Los Angeles.

You wouldn't just take this and run with it as a photographer, that doesn't make any sense. But you would say, here are my three favorite, let's say my three favorite wedding venues in Los Angeles, or three awesome home improvement hacks that you need to know. Here are three awesome posing tips, or here are three awesome posing hacks that you need to know when it comes to Boudoir photography. Perfect, right? All of those work, and you're simply gonna take this and apply it. So these are great for anything that is spoken or narrated. These are great.

sample hooks to really bring people in. Now, question for you. When you use a spoken hook, should you still be incorporating a visual, a text, a sound, and these other elements? Absolutely. Just because you create, just because you have one of these doesn't mean that we don't want more. Ideally, we want as many of these as possible without them getting like messy, right? Sometimes if you have a narrator hook, but you're also doing like a sound hook and it can get very messy if you combine multiple. But most definitely.

I want to have a visual hook and a text hook with every single one of these things that I create. And then, you know, pepper in either a sound or a narrated or a viral hook on top of that, okay, to make something more engaging, more interesting. But a visual and a text hook, yes, every video should have those. Even when it's narrated, we should have that. All right. Okay, if there are, I don't think there are any questions on this one. We have a lot to cover, so let's just go ahead and dive into the next lesson. But not until, like.

I would like you to actually complete this assignment of creating your first talking head style or narrated video. So I'd like you to have one of these. Test it out. I want you to feel what the process is like. I want you to get the video up because this is such an easy way to directly engage with your audience to show your personality. It's such an easy style of content to add to your content buckets, which we're gonna talk about, that I don't want you to overlook this type of material. Very useful, very effective. Get after it.

Okay, now we'll go on.