They're typical asks. And again, it's gonna vary if we're looking at families, if we're looking at boudoir, if we're looking at weddings. This is gonna vary, right? But this is where we start including incentives as well. 10 to 30%, I think 30% is high. 10 to 20% is fine. But we show that as like, this is $5,000 normally. Sorry, 5,500 normally, like that's the value, and you're getting it for 5,000. So we don't say discount. We say $5,000.

Normally fifty five hundred dollars. Okay, and what we're aiming for as we step up is I want to go for twice the perceived value Around only 30% to 50% more in cost. Okay. These are rough numbers, by the way Like don't don't take these as like very literal numbers. These are rough numbers. Okay, so on the wedding side I'm boosting it to eight hours of wedding coverage now There's a lead and a second shooter. Not only do we get more hours, but we get two people Wow there's

There's a lot more value in that. We get the high resolution images. Oh my gosh, now I get a signature wedding album. This is way more than double. I could remove the wedding album and this is already double the perceived value because I get more time and another photographer, right? That's already double the perceived value. So that would be enough by itself to go, okay, that's only 50% more and I'm getting more than double. That's totally worth it. We wanna make that an easy jump. For pork.

maybe it's one hours, 10 retouched images. Again, doubling the perceived value without dramatically increasing your cost is really the goal, right? It doesn't cost you double to just simply add a little bit, 30 more minutes and to add five more images. But again, we wanna design this with that problem, with the solution in mind. If 10 isn't enough, we need to design more, okay? Like put more into this. Then we go to the best. This is the dream package. This should include everything that a client would.

want and do not include. Like don't go throwing the kitchen sink into this. Don't go throwing things that they don't want into this. They're just gonna ask you to remove them. So it's everything that they would want. We continue with the incentives. We might bump it here. We might say this is shown as, this is an $8,000 value, but it's only $6,400 in cost. Again, we aim for two to three times the perceived value. This time we give it a little bit more of a bump. So we want this to be the anchor, right? So around 50 to 100% more in cost. Okay.

Weddings, now we go, ooh, now you get an engagement session. You get 12 hours of coverage, this is a full day. Lead and second shooter during the entire time. High resolution, we get signature wedding album plus two duplicate parent albums. But this one's 12,000. My middle package is six. Okay, do you see where we're going with this? I'm giving you, I'm throwing out guess number, or like idea numbers, okay? So we're getting tons more value in this, three times the value. And maybe it's double the cost. Maybe it's.

it's 50% more in cost. You're gonna choose. Between 50 to 100% is your rough range. On the portrait side, maybe we're doing now a two-hour portrait session. Maybe it's 20 retouch images. All the images at full resolution. Private viewing session plus gallery. This, the viewing session, like design session is worth something. I would say the gallery is just kind of expected and you might increase the album or wall art credit. Okay, again, still this best package solves a specific problem, right? What is the problem on the wedding side that we're solving?

Well, parents often want albums. The couple wants albums. We often have a full day that we need coverage for and they want an engagement session. So this is solving like this is everything you could possibly want and need and they actually do want this. So it's giving them everything that they would want essentially. Just a bit of advice on time. I don't like offering and I'm not going to say that you never should do this, but I don't like offering unlimited time. And I'm mostly speaking.

the event and wedding photographers that might use this as a selling point. Offering unlimited time really ends you, like it puts you in a position where clients are gonna take advantage, where they're gonna say, I'm getting ready at 5 a.m., I want you to be there for that, and I want you to be there all the way up to 2 a.m. when the after party stops, okay? And realistically, you just don't need to be there that long. There's maybe nothing happening during those times, but they're gonna treat it like a buffet, right? You pay $50.

to get into a buffet, you feel like you've got to overeat just to get your money's worth. And this is the exact same feeling that we create from this. So it very much devalues your time and it also, you end up just being there for things that really don't add to the story. It just wastes your time and you're not getting any photographs out of it. Now there's a caveat to this. Like again, I brought up two men, my friends, Lanny and Erica. They don't offer unlimited. A lot of people think they offer unlimited. They don't.

They give you full day coverage, so they don't want their clients worrying about like hours, but again, they want to be there for the entire thing because that's the experience that they want to deliver, right? But they have an asterisk that says this is not unlimited. This is we will be there from when we need to start shooting to when we can end. So after they've got an hour of dance floor, they're good. They end it. They don't give unlimited time, but that's my thought there is I still like having the hours that are built in that are appropriate.

to the type of solution that I'm giving. And that way, when I wanna gift them time, like my clients over this last weekend, I send them text messages and I said, look, I'm arriving early each day and shooting a bit and I'm also staying a bit late. I want you guys to know that this is my gift to you. This is my wedding gift. I'm not gonna bill for any of that time and I'm also creating teasers. So it allows me to go above and beyond and give them an incredible experience to over-deliver.

over and they value that time because there's actually a cost to it that they know, right? So this is the big thing for me is like I'd rather over deliver and not promise it. When it's unlimited, there is no appreciation of anything extra that you do. And frankly, if you say unlimited and you don't, you know, if you're not there from the moment that they're up and to the moment they go to sleep, it's a negative thing. They're like, they said unlimited but they didn't really do it. They didn't really stay the whole time.

it becomes a negative thing. So be wary of that that idea. Okay, remember, I don't need you to kind of dive into starting this process yet. I'm going to be giving you AI tools for the heavy lifting. So just understand these principles of what we're trying to do with this three package structure with designing solutions, not just random collections of bullshit and with kind of the price jumps how we're doubling value, but we're only asking for a small amount more. Okay, making

those decisions easy to move from step to step. Cool, let's go to the next lesson. Let's talk about some of the nuances because in the next lesson, we're actually gonna start using the AI tools and start coming up with things. And I want you to just hit the ground running and be able to go while keeping these things in mind, okay? So when it comes to, if you're gonna name your collections, you can always name them one, two, three, it doesn't matter. But if you're gonna give them names, collections or packages, keep those names.

Neutral and positive. OK, so we want to avoid things like bronze, silver, gold, because they clearly specify which one is better than the other. And nobody likes feeling like, oh, I bought the bronze package because I'm only worth a bronze medal. So let's avoid those types of names. Keep names neutral and positive. I'm going to the pricing coach I'm going to give you. You can you can bounce ideas off of it and ask it for ideas as well. But look, sequential numbers, they work. It's simple. It's not like super creative, but that's OK.

doesn't have to be, that just means like package two, package three, package one, that's fine. If you have an adventure brand, maybe you go off of like mountains and lakes. If you have a destination brand, maybe you do favorite locations. Maybe you tie it to your favorite coffee. Like the best names for packages or collections, they tie to kind of like your brand identity and your personality. So keep it on that. I'm gonna give you this AI prompt to use with the pricing coach. We haven't gotten to the pricing coach yet, but you can come back to.

this, and after you start the conversation with the pricing coach, if you'd like ideas for names, just grab this and drop it in. It'll give you simple ideas from there. The next thing I want you to keep in mind is the way that we present price. So what we're going to do is called a three-second price test. And what I want you to do is in a moment, I'm going to show you a bunch of numbers. At a glance, I want you to tell me which number looks like the lowest price on this next one. All right.

page. Okay. And if you happen to be watching this live, uh, I'll check in the comments to see what you think, but which one catches your eye, which one at first looks like the lowest price. All right. Two, three. Okay. Which one looked like the lowest price? Okay. What's interesting about this is our eyes tend to go to three different places. Most of us probably went here first.

and then thought about it for a second, and we're like, oh, that's not actually the lowest number. And then we're probably drawn to these two places. Not all the time, but the majority of the time. And it's kind of like a, this is a little game that I play just to kind of show you how price presentation actually affects the way that we perceive the number, okay? Our eyes tend to be drawn towards nine nines and these types of like numbers. So nine.