board clients, and that's very useful. Okay, pause here. Go ahead and start actually working through and creating this price and experience guide. Feel free to post, ask any questions you have. One of the common questions, and I think someone just posted this one too, should we use the same fonts as on our website to keep everything consistent? Karen, that's a great question. What I would probably say in this case is no. Look, I would love, yes, I would love if the.

fonts on your website match these fonts. But I'm more concerned, like, yes, from a brand strategy standpoint, that that is ideal, right? I'm more concerned though, that if you change the fonts here, it's not going to look good. Okay. If you change it and it's going to take you a lot of time. So I would rather the price and experience guide, uh, I would rather it look nice than have it be totally identical in fonts, uh, as, as everything else. But that being said, I don't mind.

If you change, like put in your own business name, put in your own logo, your website, if you want to change some of the colors, the colors are pretty neutral, but if you'd like to modify some colors, that's fine, but we need this to look really nice and the typography is already designed to, it really doesn't have that big of a, I don't know, flavor to it. It's kind of like, the way it is designed, it just looks nice and professional, so I'd rather just keep it that way and keep it looking good as opposed to completely modifying it.

So, if you want to go for it, you can, but just be advised, it's going to take a lot of time and it's going to be difficult to make it look as nice as it currently does. All right. Let's check out and see if we have anything else. I think we're good here. Let's jump on to the next lesson. Okay. Now that you got this awesome price and experience guide, where do I show it? Who do I send it to? Do I display it on my website? This is the first question. Did I show my...

full price on my website? If not, what do I show? The answer, no. You're not gonna show full pricing on your website. What we're gonna do is limit it. I want you to limit the website to two pieces of information. Your starting price and your average spend. And generally it goes something like, our packages start at and my clients typically spend. That's it, okay? We don't need to get into the nuances because we wanna be able to suggest those things. We're gonna talk about why. So before we present the price to anybody, okay? This is just a general sales principles. We need to actually qualify the lead. That's what you're.

starting prices for. We need to understand what their needs and values are. We need to give them a value-based solution, and then we present the price. So, do you send off the pricing experience guide to people that inquire? Hey, can you send me your pricing experience guide? No, do not send it. Say, prices start at, you're gonna say the exact same thing. Oh, you know what? I can do you one better. Our packages typically start at, or our packages start at, and my clients typically spend this. But why don't we actually hop on a call? I'd love to discuss with you what you're looking for.

From there, I can actually create you a quote. Okay. So no, you don't just send the price inquiry to people that just inquire. Um, or sorry, the pricing and experience list of people that inquire, I will give you, uh, uh, in a moment, uh, a rule, like an exception to this rule, but in general, I just want you to understand that we're not going to just hand out pricing when we haven't established value yet. And what I'm going to show you is, is this, this is the sales process. We'll cover this in depth when we get into step 12. Okay. For right now, I just.

want you to see a glimpse of it and why we're not just giving them a price sheet. This is developed over a hundred years ago. So this is nothing new. The sales process is nothing new. John Henry Patterson, 1890s, identify the customer's problem and need develop the value proposition, present the solution, how it fits. Then you close by making the ask. This is where you exchange value for value. I'm going to create two minor updates, build rapport and create trust. Just before you jump in, then go through the process. Then after you.

and make the ask, understand that we might need to follow up, address concerns, you know, objections, all of that. Anytime you present price before you've established value, so remember developing the value proposition, presenting how it fits, these are the four steps needed. Anytime price comes in before as a major part of the conversation, you will very likely lose the sale. Someone inquires and says, can you send me your price guide? You send it to them. Nine out of ten.

10 times you've lost a sale. Because they really don't know. They don't have, like, so much of the value that you're gonna create for them is over the conversation. They need to know who you are. They need to understand that you get them, that you understand their values, that you've identified those things. This is a huge part of what we do as photographers. When you don't give them that opportunity, they simply compare your prices to somebody else and they go with the cheaper person. And there's always gonna be a cheaper person. So we don't need to fuel that. What we need to do is push them into the sales process.

us gently, but keep guiding them there. And then we only show the price. And, and I want you to, when you close, you're not actually showing them a price sheet. You're just making a recommendation. So we've done all this work. We've created this beautiful price and experience guide. And really it's by and large for you, you are going to send the experience guide to people that you onboard. Again, if we separate those two things out, right. And you are still going to use the price and experience guide for leads that we're losing. But we're not going to do it with, with good.

qualified leads, we're gonna use it in a little bit of a different way, okay? You're gonna learn this entire process in steps 12 through 16. Don't stress on this for right now. I simply want you to understand why we don't do this. It's not to be deceptive. It's not because we don't want them to see prices. We show them prices. Like look, we give them the starting point. Our packages start at my clients typically spend. That's all they need to know until they're ready to actually get a full idea of what they specifically want, until they're ready to get something.

Specific, this is all they need to know, right? We're not deceiving anybody. We're just not worrying about getting into it until we've brought them through the sales process until we've established value. We know their needs. All right. By the way, it'd be no different if I was selling a car. If I was selling a car, I would not, when somebody walks in and goes, tell me the price of, you know, your cars, I wouldn't just hand them a price list. How would that help them in any way? I would say, okay, well.

Our cars kind of range between 30 to 100,000. Why don't we have a conversation, see what you're looking for, and then I can give you some exact recommendations and exact prices. It's the same thing. You're not doing anybody any services by sending this out to them. So when it's okay, your exception to the rule is when you've reached out, you can't get ahold of them. You can't get them on the phone. You've tried two or three emails. You've done the follow-ups. Then fire off your price and experience guide.

with a final email that's basically like, hey, I tried to reach out to you. I couldn't get ahold of you. Feel free to give me a call, but in the meantime, I've attached my experience and price guide. Let me know if you have any questions. I look forward to hearing back from you. That's to close out a lead. We're not gonna reach out to them anymore. We're done. And we're sending it off as like a, it's kind of like a Hail Mary. Maybe they'll reach out in the future. They probably won't, but sometimes it does happen. That's it though.

that's when it's okay to just kind of fire this thing off, okay? Alright, I think we've kind of covered that question, so let's just go on and jump to the next lesson. Okay, now we're getting into a little bit of a bonus section. So this lesson and the following two, it's really about understanding your financial position, and the reason why I want to do this is, in my experience, the kryptonite for every single photographer.

not every single one, but the vast majority of photographers that I meet, they have this kryptonite in financial literacy, like being able to actually understand their financial statements, understand their pricing, their cost structure. And so a lot of photographers, I can't tell you how many photographers I've met whose revenue is in the hundreds of thousands and their take home is less than 10% of it. And it blows my mind because they don't actually understand all of the costs that are associated.

They don't have a good picture of this. So the last two lessons that I wanna focus in on are gonna help to kind of boost your financial literacy, specifically with two things. There's two things that can dramatically improve the way that you're seeing your business from a financial aspect. And those two things are understanding your contribution margin, or you can just say margin for short, but basically this is your revenue minus the variable costs. We're gonna talk about this more in just a moment. We're gonna go in depth and I'm actually gonna help you calculate that and why.

it's so important. And also just having a good picture of kind of your overall budget, your overall financial statements, understanding kind of the revenue to cost structure. So, if this sounds daunting to you right now, then take a little bit of a break, but come back to this. These are two hugely valuable components that will help you so much as a business person, not only in photography, by the way, but in any other business venture you run into. These two things will be huge for you.