I so much on AI, so I'm always trying to like, okay, I got to keep reading. I got to keep forming my own thoughts. I got to keep working on stuff because I don't want to get dumb. Uh, okay. But look at this. So pricing benchmarks, a short day, half day, full day, OC event photos offer same to delivery, Daniel Mesa photography, look at this summary table of entry-level competitors. Hourly rates, midpoint market rates, your inclusive price strategy. Here's three hours of coverage. One photographer, basic planning call, full usage price. 1000. It falls in perfectly.

1400, this is based on new, right? Now what if I said, now let's say I'm well-known in the corporate photography event space. How would your pricing recommendations change? So all of these, what I want you to recognize in this is all the questions that it's asking you, it's been instructed to.

very much use those questions. So you want to be as precise as possible. Cause look, now it bumps our price point to 14. And I would say like, this is a little bit on the low end, right? So 2,200 to 2,500, exclusive executive premium coverage, 4,000 to 5,000. So I would say this is a decent, you know, higher end package. This, these two feel like low to me, where like I would need to use judgment to go, okay, those might be a bit on the low side. So that's where I want you to under, to understand that.

that there's room for, there's always gonna be room for your judgment and your judgment's necessary is really, it's not room for your judgment. You have to be the one that makes the final call on all of this, okay? Cool, let's go back to this. So once you fed it back, that's where you should have a really good idea. So when you've got a good idea of your collections, their respective prices, what goes inside of them, that's the place where I want you to continue. But until then, let's bounce back and forth until you have a solid picture of what you're gonna be delivering

And again, not just collections or packages filled with bullshit, but actual solutions to the problems that your clients have that solve their needs. All right. Okay, now we're gonna start taking all of the good stuff that you're coming up with and actually building out your experience and price guide. The first thing I'm gonna say here is to not reinvent this wheel. Don't reinvent any wheels. When it comes to designing new assets for your business, you'll notice that I always start with.

template, whether it's your website, whether it's a price guide, whether it's and I'm providing all of these tools to you, but well, it's not your website, you got to figure that one out. But all these other ones, we can celebrate because your membership includes one personal use commercial license for everything, which means feel free to use them all. Just do not distribute them, we will get in trouble, we bought a commercial license for each of the included templates. If you want other templates, by all means, I've already included some really cool ones. I don't

I think you need to go to these and find other types of templates, but if you want to create a market and Votto are good places for it. Before we create this, I'm going to give you one more heads up again. The pricing guides, they're meant to be shown. I'm really, I don't even show them, but they're meant to be used during a sales consult. Only fire off a price sheet as a last resort. So if I do not, if I can't get ahold of someone, they're not responding to emails. The last thing that I might send them and

say, Hey, if you're interested, let me know. I've attached my price and experience guide, um, for more information, reach out if you need anything, that's what I do to close out a lead. We do not lead with that. We do not, we want to save all this for actual in-person conversations. Okay. I, I'm going to reiterate this so many times. You're going to feel like I'm beating it in your head, but that's what I need to do. Okay. So building out your price and experience guide. Well, every single thing that we have, all of your resources are located right there in your resource.

template or a resource page. So let's pull up the brand and experience guide. Sorry, brand and strategy. I'm getting all my words mixed up at the bottom. You'll see resources and let me make sure you guys can see it on your sides. I don't think you see it on yours. So let me just shrink this down for one sec. Can I not yank it? There we go. Okay. Now you can see it. So at the bottom, you see the resource tab, right? And then you have each of the other tabs. This is where I continue to update. So you'll notice that in step one, I put the niche.

finder coach there. Now the inclusive pricing coach is there and it's just in order of like what's referenced throughout the program. Don't use this by the way as a guide for the program. This is just you know telling you where it's found. But the pricing experience templates are right here. So you're gonna select one and go ahead and just click the link and it'll open it right up. It's gonna bring up Canva. For me it says edit the template or view the template. I don't want to if I I own the template you should get a different option like like save template or

or create your own design with it, you're going to choose that option. But I'm just going to view for right now. Okay. And you'll see that it's a complete guide on everything where all you need to do is choose the guide that you feel best fits your service and just start filling it out. So this is, we're going to work through this as we go by the way, but I just want you to know how to get to that place. So it's all in your brand and strategy workbook. Okay. The first place we're going to start.

is with the packages. So you've designed out those packages. These are kind of the bullet points, everything we talked about. Selling solutions, not just a package, your base package still being viable on its own, middle package, ideal sell. These are all the kind of the general notes. So once you have those collections, then you can start just populating them in to the collection pages. And every one of these, like some of these are kind of more designed for wedding experiences, some more for portrait experiences. So just pick the one that's appropriate for your experience. But you'll find that if you scroll down.

They all talk about the experience first and then they start getting into like different packages and this is where you're just going to modify them. Modify them to be whatever you'd like, okay? Okay, let's go back to here for a second. Your next step is to add in your pricing. You can do this all in one step but when you do that I want to make sure that you follow everything that you learned in the pricing section. So building in taxes, rounding numbers to fours and nines, breaking points or fives, small simple fonts, bottom right, remove commas, remove cents, all that kind of stuff.

all the pieces that need to be there. One thing too is make sure that your packages can't be gamed. A very simple way of doing that is saying that, people can add to a collection, but they can't remove from a collection, okay? Or just simply checking the collection, like the way that people game collections is let's say that your middle package has an album, right? And the base package doesn't. So what they do is they remove the album from the middle package, and then you reduce the price.

to the middle package and they get to something that's really close to the base package, but now it has more hours and it has more everything in it, right? That's gaming it. So what you generally wanna do is limit them from removing, allow them to add, okay? All right, next piece is step three, the experience portion. The cool part about the experience portion of this guide is we generally want it to come before pricing. So you'll notice on all these guides that the first section is really talking kind of about

hey, the introduction, like getting to know me, how the process works. What's beautiful is that this is all the same stuff that you need for your website. So if you've already figured this out on your landing page of your website, then you already know what to put here. And if you haven't, then what you put here is gonna go into the website. So really, these are gonna be kind of synonymous. They're gonna work with each other. And so when you send this out to people, this kind of becomes your opportunity to have a more in-depth experience guide, or if your landing page is very in-depth too, that's fine.

but it gives you a chance to kind of go deeper in that experience. But generally with the experience guide, it kind of mirrors what you might have on your website. So there's a welcome with a clarified message, you introduce yourself, you talk about your process, you show some sample imagery, here's what to expect, then you start getting into collections and pricing, additional add-ons. This is just a general order and then having a call to action like what's next, you know, let's discuss whatever these next components are. Okay, the beautiful thing is that all these guides

all the templates, they kind of serve as a guide too. So like when you look at this, each one of these follows kind of the same thing. Like, look, it's got an author page. This is your welcome. Hi, I'm Jessica. This is the process, what to expect. And then it starts talking about the pricing, right? So it follows the idea of, well, before I present pricing, let me build value. Let me show about the experience. Let me talk about things. Then let me show the actual pricing for it. Okay, so if you ever feel lost in that, you can always.

is follow that and know as well that you don't have to include everything on those templates. So like if you, if you're using the wedding one and you're like, Oh, I don't need this page of highlights, just delete it. Like you don't have to show it all. If you want it, then, then by all means, but let's make these look lovely, look nice. Uh, I like personally breaking these out into experience pricing and a combined experience and price guide, because with onboarding, I'll, I'll send them just the experience guide when I.