and fours as ending numbers we tend to be drawn to. We also are drawn and probably more so than anything else to small numbers like we kind of think that if the number is small like physically small by like font size is small that it's actually a small number. In reality the most expensive number on this page is actually the smallest number but the first perception of it and it looks like let's see Magdalena said the the $14.99 we had a couple people on this one and we had Steph on this one.

So yes, so oddly, the smallest number, the one that our eyes might be drawn to first is actually the most expensive, right? So what do we get from this? The whole point is I'm going to give you how we're going to present numbers, generally in luxury based models, like we are all offering a luxury service, right? We've established that we don't do sense. So drop the sense off the end of everything. This just makes things look and feel cheap. If we're selling commodities, fine.

leave your cents on there. Like cheaper items, we leave the cents on. Otherwise, we don't. So we immediately just shorten to like the zero zero, okay? The next thing is, so 1900, what we're going to do is also remove the comma. So remove the comma, use a smaller font size. One of the things too is like simple fonts, like sans serif fonts, they tend to look less expensive too, which is weird. But anyway, so this is how we might present that number.

1900 will become this right another thing is that there's fours and nines are great numbers to end with so if our price is actually like around 9200 if we can why not offer it at 8900 like let's find the number that's closer that ends in a nine okay so if we're like again if you're at 87 or 8800 let's go to 8900 but let's land on this spot where 9000

200, it looks like a lot more money than 8,900. Our brains are perceiving 8,900 as still being 8,000 when in reality, it's really close to 9,000, right? So use, take advantage of that. Same thing here, 45, 54, I might go to 4,400. Five is basically your breaking point. So anything like kind of above five mentally takes on a little bit of a different effect. So what we wanna do is round to the double zero, remove the comma, simple small fonts.

High prices we generally place towards the bottom right of a page. Build in taxes. Again, this is a luxury experience, so if you have taxes that are applicable to certain aspects of the package, build that in so that it's not like a, you know, oh, on top of this you also have to pay. This isn't like a deal breaker, it's just not a great feeling from a client's perspective to have to also pay tax on top of that number. Again, fours and nines are great numbers to end with. Fives are the breaking point.

Yes, and again, to clarify that breaking point idea is that $4,500 is perceived as a much larger purchase than $4,400. That's what breaking point means. So if I go to $4,500, that psychologically just people think that is a much more expensive number. Okay. In reality, it's really not, but that is the mind. All right. So just notes on that. Okay. Thank you for that presentation.

we kind of covered this, but within a pricing guide or a proposal, if you're sending a proposal like a commercial client, we're going to present from the best, better, good version. So we start with the highest price first, and it kind of looks like this. We start with the price anchor, then we go to the desired sell. Then if we have the MVP and elopement, either three or four packages is fine. The next thing, I want to remove these words from your vocabulary. This is like not only your vocabulary spoken, but also in written form.

So I don't want you to say things like pictures or images or photos. I want you to say photographs. I want you to call them what they are. And these other words just kind of sound cheap. Instead of saying expensive, I want you to use words like an investment. This is an investment, or this is a lifetime purchase, or this is something you're investing in, right? Instead of the word discount, I want you to say this is a collection price. This is a package offer. Any of those is fine, but let's not say discount, okay? Need, let's replace with want. This one isn't as big of a deal.

Yeah, this is more for like sales conversations like usually and this one is not that big of a deal because if you say, you know, here's what I think you need, that's fine. If you say here's what I would want or here's what I want for you, that's fine too. This one I should probably just remove. I don't want you to say things like budget. I want you to say instead something like price point. I don't want you to say prints. I want you to say wall art or albums. This doesn't work. This doesn't work.

doesn't sound nearly as valuable. I don't want you to say shoot, I want you to call it a session. Not a, package again, I much prefer the word collection over package. So whenever I'm showing something to people, I generally will use the word collection instead of package. But if we're talking about something and you say it, it's fine, not a big deal. But generally from a client's perspective, collection is a much better term. Okay, all we're trying to do here, this isn't a comprehensive list. All we're trying to do here is remove.

words that sound cheap, that don't sound luxurious, that don't sound experiential. So remove those pieces, okay? The exception to this rule is, there's always exceptions to every rule. I'm gonna say this, I do want you to use common vocabulary whenever it's relating to like design for user experience, okay, UX is user experience, or search engine optimization. What that means is, I don't like it when you put investment as the actual menu option.

I wanted to just say pricing, because people know it by pricing. People are trained to see pricing and to click on that, and that's actually the most clicked thing on your page. So changing it to investment just means it's gonna get less clicks, less views, and a lot of people aren't gonna understand what it is. So once they land on the pricing page, then you can start saying investment. Once they're there, start saying investment. But the menu item itself, let's just call it what it is. Same thing from a search engine optimization standpoint is...

We wanna use terms like, if you wanna create an article that's why is photography expensive, I don't want you to say, why is photography a lifetime purchase? Or why is photography an investment? Because that's not what people are typing into a search engine. So when we're looking at like a title for an article, use the common vocabulary for the title, then in the body of the article, you can always adjust language there as well. But when it comes to keywords, let's keep it what people are actually searching.

Okay one last quick idea before we get in the actual design process is I want you to consider splitting the pricing and experience guide into both a pricing and an experience guide. So pricing guide and an experience guide having them separate you can also have them combined so you can have basically three versions right the reason is is you will often be in a situation where you just want to send somebody the experience guide you'll sometimes be in a situation where you're like okay this lead is done I can't get a hold of them and I'm

I need to send them my pricing and experience guide. So having these things split off gives you the ability to kind of like send one thing or the other when needed. You don't always have to send the pricing along with the experience guide. Especially like onboarding, like it's nice if you've signed a client and you've onboarded them. If you have the experience guide separated out, you can send them that. It's weird if you've sold me, you've already onboarded me, you've already sold me and during this onboarding process, you send me a pricing and experience guide and you're like, oh, ignore the pricing.

pricing part, just look at the experience part. That to me is very strange. So just an idea here to separate these things out so you can use them in different steps of your client experience and workflow, okay? All right, now let's get into the goodies. Let's actually start designing. Okay, now we're getting into the meat. Now we're gonna start actually using the AI tools to come up with our packages, collection.

if you will, pricing, all that, okay? Again, the reminder, moving forward into business now, you are a curator with all these tools becoming increasingly powerful, including your camera, everything. Your role is to direct, your role is a creative director who curates the experience and this overall design of your service, basically. So that's what we're gonna step into, and this is where I want your mindset to be, really, in running your business. I don't want.

to do anything. Anytime you're stuck in the nitty-gritty, you're stuck editing, you're stuck doing things that are just very rote, I want you to think, maybe I should ask if there's a better way to do this so I can step back to that higher level and focus more on curating the experience. All right, so how to use the AI and PAI's pricing coach. So first, if you do not have access to the custom GPT, because the custom GPTs do require you to have a premium chat GPT account, I'm going to give you this standalone prompt.

This is not nearly as robust as the, I've literally programmed a pricing coach for you, but it's not as robust, but it will get you good information, okay? So you'd take this in and you would just copy this into any chat that you have going on in ChatGPT, all right? Let's go to a new chat. I don't think we need to belabor this. I think you guys know exactly how this is gonna go. What I do wanna do is spend a little more time and it's gonna follow like kind of the basics of ASCII.