And it's going to back all these things out with the tax liability to say, now our business must earn $240,000 a year. You can, by the way, anything that's black, it's already calculated for you. So don't change those. Anything that's green, you can modify. So if your tax percentage is 33%, put that in. If it's 25%, put that in. I just put a number to start you out. Okay. Now we go to the idea of sustainability. If I'm running a portrait business and I say, I want to charge a thousand dollars.

I have to make, the business has to earn $240,000 and I want to charge $1,000. I have to shoot 282 clients a year. So it takes your variable costs and it says, well, every pie, every job you shoot, you might make a thousand in revenue, but you're only going to bring in $850, this $850 is what's contributing to this, what the business must earn. Right? That's your contribution margin.

And I go, holy shit, if I want to run a sustainable portrait business, I need to be charging a lot more. I probably need to be like $2,500. Even at $2,500, I got to serve 102 clients, okay? I probably need to be somewhere in the $5,000 range. If this is how much I need my business to earn, this becomes reasonable. One client a week, okay, I think that's reasonable, but I got to be able to get to this level of price.

to support this lifestyle so what this is going to do is give you a very clear picture if the number of clients you need to serve is over 50 you're starting to approach the territory of this is going to be difficult not impossible you can serve 100 200 clients a year that is totally possible but i need you to think of what is the lifestyle requirement of booking those clients of serving those clients of delivering those clients that becomes a factor in all of this other factors too

is well, I can always see if I can reduce my personal expenses. I can always try to like, what, what can we do? Can we, can we potentially move into something that's a little bit more affordable? Cool. That, that reduces that. Um, can we start, you know, can we get, uh, a less expensive car? Can we reduce expenses? Can we reduce business expenses? We can always pull from the other side of this too. And every time we make those adjustments, notice that, okay, well now I only need to take home $99,000. Just that simple change.

didn't rent, right? Now I only need to serve 35 clients. So this is what's gonna give you a picture to see like, okay, what is my financial position? And that contribution margin number is huge because that's the actual number that's going towards all those things. If you want to take home $50,000 and you're only, your contribution margin per shoot, this is how you can do quick back of the hat math. I want to make $50,000.

dollars. My contribution margin per shoot is only $500. I got to shoot a hundred clients. That's why that number is so valuable. Okay. It gives you such a quick snapshot and a clear idea of exactly how much money that you are earning from your, your shoots is going towards what you potentially would like to take home, but this will give you a nice complete picture, uh, that you can utilize. I would, I love.

for every one of you to complete this at least once and have an idea of this. Do this every, maybe at a minimum, once a year you're completing this, putting everything in, because one of the things that I notice is that most photographers, when I look at their camera equipment, they buy stupid shit. Like most photographers' computer and electronic expenses is somewhere around like 10 grand, and their camera and equipment expense, they're buying all sorts of crazy shit.

Okay, it looks more like this, and in my head I'm just like I understand that a new camera is nice to have, but do you need it? I understand that you know having every light modifier is cool, but what are you actually gonna use? I want you to at least complete this once a year so you can get a picture of where you're at and you can go, hey I haven't used Calendly in six months, do I need that thing anymore? You can start eliminating subscriptions that you no longer need.

need and start controlling your expenses because honestly, the thing that I've learned after being in business for this long is it's one thing to generate revenue, it's another thing to actually be profitable. What's crazy to me, and I talk about this to my wife all the time, she has worked for so many startups, startups that get 20 million, 30 million, 50 million, 100 million in funding, businesses that never actually.

learn how to make money because they never learned how to control their expenses or learn they always had investment money coming in so they never figured out how to be profitable and it's crazy to me that i tell my wife i'm like we run a photography studio that's literally more profitable than your your 50 million dollar startup that these people are running it's no different inside of the photography space going back to that idea i i you would be shocked at how many photographers i've met who are making

$400,000 to $600,000 a year, and they can't pay their bills. It all goes back to this, financial literacy and just understanding these basic points. Okay, I think I've belabored this enough. If you have any questions, hop into the group and ask away. I'll go ahead and reset this out so when you get the sheet, it'll have all zeros back into it as well. That's it for this section. I know this was a meaty one, my friends. Hope you enjoyed it.