The first thing that I want to talk about is the two pricing models and and really I want to distinguish this It's it's very much like two business models and what we're talking about here is basically inclusive models versus IPS or in-person sales and Let's define what those are. So an inclusive model This would be something I would describe as ideal within say the wedding space the event space Any place where there's already an expectation that they're gonna get all the images

along with a shoe and where those things are kind of psychologically programmed in is say for example weddings or events or even some like commercial jobs there's just an expectation that that what they're paying for is upfront and they're gonna receive everything after so this is an inclusive model you generally have an high upfront cost or session fee you're providing all the digital's or at least a good number of them and product sales are kind of considered icing on the cake with this business model

Then we have in-person sales, okay? So this is what I would say is ideal within portrait niches because the reason why is that it's kind of hard to justify, like to make good money as a photographer in the portrait space, we really need to be charging more than $1,000 per session. And ideally we're kind of around $1,500 plus and we can hopefully work our way to three, four, 5,000. It's very difficult to justify that upfront

when it comes to just portrait photography. It's a lot easier to justify those costs, that investment, when they've already felt the value and they've seen the experience, they see the imagery, then it becomes really easy. But charging that upfront is rather difficult in the portrait spaces, which is why I would say in-person sales as a model is kind of ideal within portrait spaces. But this is characterized by having a low upfront session fee, right? We might charge, you know, $250 to.

$500, somewhere in that space for the session fee. Maybe that includes the makeup, the hair, maybe includes some of the basics, the cost of the session, but no digitals are included. And we expect to basically be selling albums and prints. This is the primary service. So that's how we would distinguish these two business models, okay? The question that we have is really like, well, which one is gonna be right for me? I'm gonna give you some thoughts on that. The other idea here that I often will hear.

is is should I do like a hybrid approach where I'm kind of picking and pulling from a little bit of both of these business models. My thought to that is is very simple. I'm not going to say it's impossible, but I'm going to advise you to not do that. I don't feel like this is a good idea. Just it creates a lot of complexity. There's a lot of questions. There's friction in the client experience. It's just not a great approach to basically be blending these models. So my suggestion is don't do it, okay? If we were to go and

compare these models, by the way, from like, I guess like, what are some of the key differences from a lifestyle perspective? I would say that when we look on the inclusive side, we're looking at something that's a bit more simple and straightforward in terms of like the sales process, right? It's literally, this is what we're gonna be delivering. This is the amount that you pay up front. It's a little bit easier in terms of the sale. I'd also say that it's less time consuming because you're not bringing them in for like say a reveal. There is.

is no other piece. You're basically doing the sales session once, you're doing the consult, and then it's the photography, and then it's the delivery. There's also guaranteed earning potential, right? Whatever they pay is what you're gonna receive, and anything else that you might make is kind of icing on the cake, but it's kind of few and far between. So you know exactly what you'll be making up front. On the flip side, in terms of those three categories, IPS requires some education. It's not as simple and straightforward. There's some education there, both before the shoot, you know, during.

during and after in the design session. It's more time consuming, like you have the design session, you have multiple kind of consults, and there is no guaranteed earning potential. So while you are gonna make your session fee, maybe you make $500, you can make three, four, $5,000. You might also walk away, some clients might just leave with their session fee paid and not end up buying anything. So the actual amount that you earn, it's gonna become more consistent over time. But.

But it's not guaranteed at any point in time. Now in contrast, I would say that if we're looking at a portrait model, then IPS has a far greater earning potential. Like this is a model that can take you to well beyond six figures. You can start getting multi six figures, even up to seven figures by running a really tight IPS model. So there's greater earning potential there. There's end to end service as well. What you're delivering is a finished service.

get albums into their hand, you're aiming to put prints up onto the wall, you're aiming to actually have more than just digital images on their phone or on their computer, hard drive, whatever it is. I would also say that there's a greater value offering. Like in the end, the result, the transformative experience that we can deliver through IPS is far more powerful than simply an inclusive model where you kind of deliver it and leave it all up to them. Okay, so there's definite benefits on this side too.

inclusive, this end-to-end service and the greater value offering, we never really get to that place because we deliver the images and who knows what they do with those images. So the question here is which of these is right for me? What I'd like for you to do is start with kind of what's sustainable for your personality and for your values. And I'd love for you to have that conversation with the Niche Finder coach. So again, I'm going to pull this up and let's bring it right over to this side. So this is the Niche Finder.

coach that I introduced to you, I believe in, in module one. And what you're going to do is just say, like, hopefully it already has an idea of, like, you've already talked to it and you've already kind of had previous conversations and that's great. But either way, you can type something simple. I'm considering IPS versus an inclusive model. Can you help me figure out what's right for me and my personality? Okay. And then basically what it's going to do is it's going to follow the steps.

the niche finder coach, but it's by asking you questions and then it's gonna give you guidance, okay? So first a quick check-in, are you clear on the differences or would you like a quick refresher and say, you know, we're just gonna say I'm clear, okay? It'll say, well, it's gonna ask you when you imagine running the business, what does day-to-day life look like? It's gonna ask you several questions. It might even ask you your specific niche, where you are, all of that. And then it's gonna help you to bounce ideas off of it to see if this would be a good fit for you. The.

Main thoughts here is, you know, IPS is a really good fit if you don't mind the sales process and you want an end-to-end service. And by don't mind, it doesn't necessarily mean that you're great at it. It means that you're okay to kind of continue working on it and to continue improving. If you like the sales process or you can learn to like the sales process and you want to deliver this end-to-end experience, then I would say IPS is a really good fit. But if not, then perhaps we wanna go with an inclusive model. My personal take is.

is if I'm running a portrait business, I'm gonna choose an IPS business model. It's just the best way to deliver value in the process and to find clients that really appreciate the photography experience. If we're talking wedding or event, I would choose inclusive. And a big part of this has to really do with not fighting the psychology that comes in these spaces. Like in the wedding and event spaces, the trained psychology and what everybody's doing, the general practice.

that they're charging upfront for the service. So to do something different in that space is basically to go against the grain. And I'm really a proponent of kind of following the psychology that's already kind of dominating in a space, okay, and just simply charging what you feel would be appropriate in that area. All right, so this module itself, we're really gonna be focusing, when we talk about package pricing, like designing collections with multiple items and things,

It's really designed for inclusive based models, okay? For IPS pricing and overall workflow, I have a IPS booster module. That's where I want you to refer to. That being said, if you are gonna do IPS, I don't want you to completely skip this module. I want you to pay, like check out all the areas of this module that speak about mindset because all those things are identical. I want you to catch the bonus areas. I want you to understand financial literacy and even understanding, you know, package development is helpful.

I'm just gonna say when we build out pricing and package design Specifically that really only applies to inclusive because on the IPS side if you're doing in-person sales there really isn't like a Package that we would sell to everybody right because everybody's needs are gonna be different Some people would want wall art. Some people want an album. Some people want 20 pages in the albums Others want 30 there really isn't like a one-size-fits-all type package or even three packages that we could sell It's very much custom

for each person. So generally with IPS, we're building out all a cart and we might include collection pricing where if they bundle certain things at a certain price points, they get a collection price. They get a little bit of a discount that comes along with it, but we don't do like pre-designed packages with that model. So anything in this module that's really pre-designed packages, that's just gonna only apply to inclusive based models. Okay, there's one question that popped in