Next question, what should I charge? This is where we need to get kind of pretty specific, okay? There's this mindset issue and I almost say that this is a self-limiting belief of like know your worth. I have issues with this statement because more often than not I see it thrown around in a very arrogant manner and so what I want to say to the idea of know your worth is kind of kind of, okay? Kind of know your worth.

The bottom line is that you're worth what people are willing to pay, and that's it, okay? The place where I don't like this thought is when it's used arrogantly. And what I mean, there's a difference between arrogance and confidence. And the way that I would describe these two things is arrogance is an unjustified level of confidence that comes with no evidence. There's no experience, there's no nothing that backs it up. It's just like, I'm worth.

$5,000 a day, so I'm not gonna go and do anything. That's my get out of bed rate. You gotta know your worth. So I'm not gonna work with anybody unless it's at least $5,000. And I'm like, so do you get a lot of clients that book you at 5,000? Well, no, that's just what I'm worth. That is arrogance. That is, there is no justification for this, okay? But if you're saying, no, my get out of bed rate is $5,000 because that is literally what my clients pay me and if I lower my price.

I'm going to have too much business, like too much people are going to ask me to shoot with them. That's confidence backed with evidence. So that to me is the difference. Arrogance is without evidence, confidence is with evidence. So I do want you to know your worth, but I don't want this to stand in the way of taking lower end jobs if that's where you're at in your career. Because I have another belief that I pair along with this. There's a simple truth bomb that I'd like to give.

view, which is in my honest opinion, you're better off shooting a low budget client versus sitting there in front of your computer, waiting for a person that's willing to pay what you're worth. If you're not busy, you're better off taking a lower budget job than just sitting around waiting for something more, because at least in doing so you're improving your skillset. You're going out and building your network. You're meeting people. You're creating portfolio images. You're creating content. You're creating material to continue building your business as opposed.

just sitting around. So I want this to be the contextual background for everything that we talk about as we move forward. Which brings us to, okay, well, so how much, Pi? How much do I charge? And I have to say that this depends. What you charge depends on your customer demand. It depends on the service experience we're developing, brand recognition, your artistic development. As each of these things improve, so does our ability to charge more, which is why the first five steps of the program.

are let's build the brand experience. Let's build overall what it is that we're delivering this service so that we have a brand that's worth respecting. Because with that comes price respect, okay? And I know you want specifics, but how freaking much? The thing I'm gonna tell you here is I'm gonna give you specifics. But I also wanna tell you that nobody can or should tell you specifically what you should charge because it does depend. You know your level of experience.

You know your market, you should know that better than anybody. You should know your clients better than anyone. So what I'm going to do is give you all the tools and I'm going to give you AI guides as well to help you with this process. But I need you to set the prices for yourself, okay? And if you have questions, if you want to bounce ideas off of me, the community, by all means. But in general, I'm going to say the typical trajectory is as you start out. This is me, this is 15 years ago, starting out.

Terrible, terrible imagery. I cringe every time I look at these. I had textured, oh my God, there's a texture over this image. You guys remember when we were doing that? That's crazy. I had them climb shit at the Getty. I don't know why. We were just, it wasn't like he was a rock climber. I was just like, oh, let's do something fun and climb stuff, which is probably why photographers are no longer allowed to shoot at the Getty Museum. I was probably responsible for that. This is a second shoot that I did with my, this is the.

with my business partner, terrible. I mean, inconsistent across the board, inconsistent styling, editing, everything. The one good shot that I had, any good shots that I had, I kinda ruined in post. But look, at that point, I'm charging zero to $500 for a wedding. So the very first one I took was free, and then we started charging like 500 bucks. These sessions were free. This is generally where everybody starts. I expect this. Now, if you've got a huge leg up from this, which I think most of you probably.

do. Most of you coming into this field right now are doing work that's far better than this right off the bat, so you should be charging something. Maybe it's $250 for a portrait session, maybe it's $500 for a wedding, maybe it's $1,000, but we should be charging something. Either way though, this is where I was. And then you fast forward to today, and it didn't take 15 years to get there, I'd say probably maybe five to seven years into the business is when I started commanding rates of like $15,000 plus.

Now it's a $20,000 base package if they want to book me. If they want to book our partners, it's 15,000. If they want to book our associates, it's around seven to 10, but those are kind of base rates for our services now. That's with brand recognition that's been built over the course of a decade, right? So what I want you to understand is I want you to understand like this is our starting point. This is where we're going to go. You can get there. My goal is to get you there quickly, but it's still going to take a bit of time and everyone.

and starting at a little bit of a different place as well. What I don't want you to do in this process is compare yourself to photographers that might be 10 times more established than you. It's simply not a good comparison. And this idea right here, it's a big part of what feeds this fear and self-doubt. The idea that I'm not good enough to charge or that nobody's gonna pay me to do this, it's often because internally, subconsciously, we're comparing ourselves to people

to people that have been doing this 10 times longer, that have worked on their brand name for a whole bunch of time, and we sit there and look at, well, they're doing this, and so I can't take money for this because I'm not nowhere near close to that. No, you can. You should be charging. You don't have to charge what they're charging. You have to do what they're doing. But you most certainly are delivering something of value. So I don't want you to fall in that comparison trap. What I want you to focus on in this, so when you're starting, or really anywhere in your.

career, the main thing is be better than you were yesterday. Just a little bit better than you were yesterday and you'll be on an insane career trajectory, okay? With each client that you serve, especially when we're early on, with each client, I want you to raise your prices by $100 to $300. If we're starting on the low end, like let's say our first wedding is $500, your next wedding should be $750 or $800. Your next one is $1,000. If we're doing portrait sessions, okay, maybe you start at $250. Your next one should be.

350, then 450, keep raising the price as with each client that you're serving, especially as you notice the experience is getting better until we start noticing that there's kind of like a level off of like, okay, now we're starting to shoot the amount that we want, the demand is kind of meeting the supply. When we start to reach that level, then we can kind of like hold off. But I want you to get to that place. I want you to continue raising prices. So the idea here is that once your brand

and is established, your price is basically a filter to the clients that you wanna serve and the amount that you wanna work. Me saying that I'm charging $20,000 for my base package for weddings, that's not me being arrogant. It's saying that, look, I only wanna shoot five to 10 times a year. I wanna work with the clients that have the biggest budgets, that have the most demands. That's who I wanna work with. And so I set my price there because that's where the demand kind of meets the supply. I'm willing to go out.

10 times, so they need to be 10 larger weddings. These are the type of clients that I wanna work with. If I priced it at 10K, then based on the brand that I've developed, I'm gonna be shooting every single weekend multiple shoots and I don't wanna do that. It might be more money, but this is a lifestyle decision. This is a decision that I wanna spend time with my kids while they're young and they're in the home. I wanna spend more weekends with them. So all of these come into play. All of these thoughts come into, they should come into your decision-making process.

The idea here, though, is that your price is basically that filter point. It kind of matches whatever it is, how many times I want to work, with the type of clients that I want to work with. So it's our filter. Okay, let's now get into tools. So throughout the rest of the module, we're gonna go into pricing psychology, we're gonna create enticing packages, design appealing pricing guides, set the package and service pricing as well, and we're gonna use AI tools to handle the majority of this. My advice at this point.

is to learn the principles. So I really want you to focus on the principles, allow AI to do the heavy lifting, and really as we move forward in business, like at this point in time, I feel like more and more so, going into this next 10 years of business, your job isn't necessarily as much to create, it's to curate. What I mean here is that all the tools of creation are getting so incredibly easy.

It's so easy to pick up the camera and create imagery, and it's going to get even easier, okay? Especially as AI tools start coming into your camera body. It's so easy to go in and write, to go and create good material, good content. All of these AI tools are just making everything. It's referred to as the democratization of production, right? As these tools make everything that much easier, our jobs isn't necessarily to focus on creating, but rather curating the right type of experience.

It's curating the right type of imagery, curating the right type of service to the clients that we're looking to serve, okay? So that's kind of how we're gonna approach this as we move forward. We're gonna use a lot of tools to do the heavy lifting, and I want you to focus on curation, all right.