Okay, let's talk package psychology and design. We're not going into the nitty gritty yet of actual design. I want you to understand kind of the idea behind a three package model, the idea behind how do we sell high ticket services. The easiest way to sell $1,000 purse is to put it next to another purse that costs $10,000, okay? This is a simple piece of pricing psychology that's used everywhere.

It's difficult to sell something that's expensive on its own But it becomes far easier to sell something that's expensive when something else next to it is just Astronomical when something else next to it just kind of is crazy Okay, which is why we use the three or potentially four package model This works incredibly well because this package three this is your best package There your top package that becomes the price anchor it becomes the $10,000 purse

that we place next to the $1,000 purse. The package two, this is actually the desired sell. This is our middle of the road package. This is the package that's gonna be the best fit for everybody. And then we have package one, which is like our MVP, the minimum viable product. It's a good package, but it's the base level of what we're comfortable delivering in our experience. What this allows us to do is, it allows us to say that our prices start at, and this is where we list the base package,

and typical clients spend, and it's somewhere between these two package rates, then when they actually look at pricing, if they see our pricing, they see the price anchor and they go, hey, that's actually a really good value because this one's a lot more, right? So we kind of play into this. And generally when we show our pricing, we show it in this order. So we actually show pricing in the order of best, better, good. That being said, I generally don't want you to show pricing. I just want you to understand that when we see, if a client.

actually request to see your pricing guide or if you're at a place where it's like okay it's time and I'll tell you when to do that then when it's presented it's at a best better good option okay this is what I this is the best this is this is the next up and so what we end up with is most people are gonna go with a desired sell now three options are kind of ideal I would say four max and where four would make sense is let's say that you have like an MVP maybe this is like for smaller weddings right and smaller

weddings might be six hours or eight hours or smaller events or anything but what if there's a specific type of event that's very small right like an elopement where it's just two hours or three hours or something like that then a smaller like kind of base package might make sense where you have a fourth package that's literally just for a very special instance and the example that I gave here is elopement but it could really be anything but I would say for most people that are designing inclusive models.

Three packages is fine. What we're really also doing with the package design is we're creating a, because what I'm gonna tell you in a bit is you're not gonna really show these to clients. We don't wanna be sending out pricing guides until it's like a last resort. What we're doing with this is we're creating a very simple point of reference for us so that during the sales session, when we're actually in the consult, we have an easy way to bounce between one package to the next, to understand our pricing and go, hey, package.

Package two is gonna be perfect for them. They might just need a couple more hours, and so I can do that in my head. I can already have the price point figured out, so I don't have to go and create these things from the ground up. We wanna be able to quote and close on the actual consult. We don't want to end the conversation, put together a full quote, and then send it over to them. So the real benefit of having these packages is having something that not only makes sense, that's tied to exactly what they want, what they need, but also.

being able to quickly navigate your pricing in action during an actual sales console. Okay, but that's the idea behind this general three or four package design. I wouldn't recommend more than four and four is really just if you need it, right? Three is kind of like the ideal place. It keeps things very simple. Anything more than four and we start getting into like decision paralysis. We start kind of really not knowing necessarily what to put in these packages. We're kind of just guessing usually when it goes beyond four.

So what we're going to talk about in a little bit is we want each of these packages to be solution focused I'll tell you about what that means in just a second We're going to dive a little bit deeper, but for right now, let's go on the next lesson