shooter during the entire time high resolution we get signature wedding album plus two duplicate parent albums but this one's 12 000 my middle package is six okay do you see where we're going with this i'm giving you i'm throwing out guest number or like idea numbers okay so we're getting tons more value in this three times the value and maybe it's double the cost maybe it's 50% more in cost you're going to choose between 50 to 100 is your rough range on the portrait side maybe we're doing now

two-hour report session, maybe it's 20 retouch images, all the images at full resolution, private viewing session plus gallery. This, the viewing session, like design session is worth something. I would say the gallery is just kind of expected and you might increase the album or wall art credit. Okay, again, still this best package solves a specific problem, right? What is the problem on the wedding side that we're solving? Well, parents often want albums. The couple wants albums. We often have a full day that we need coverage.

for and they want an engagement session. So this is solving like this is everything you could possibly want and need and they actually do want this. So it's giving them everything that they would want essentially. Just a bit of advice on time. I don't like offering and I'm not gonna say that you never should do this, but I don't like offering unlimited time. And I'm mostly speaking to event and wedding photographers that might like use this as a selling point. Offering unlimited time.

time really puts you in a position where clients are going to take advantage, where they're going to say, I'm getting ready at 5 a.m., I want you to be there for that, and I want you to be there all the way up to 2 a.m. when the after-party stops. And realistically, you just don't need to be there that long. There's maybe nothing happening during those times, but they're going to treat it like a buffet. You pay $50 to get into a buffet, you feel like you've got to overeat just to get your money's worth. And this is the exact same feeling that we create from this.

So, it very much devalues your time and also you end up just being there for things that really don't add to the story, it just wastes your time and you're not getting any photographs out of it. Now, there's a caveat to this, like again, I brought up Two Man, my friends, Lenny and Erica, they don't offer unlimited, a lot of people think they offer unlimited, they don't. They give you full day coverage, so they don't want their clients worrying about hours, but again, they want to be there for the entire thing.

because that's the experience that they wanna deliver, right? But they have an asterisk that says this is not unlimited. This is, we will be there from when we need to start shooting to when we can end. So after they've got an hour of dance floor, they're good. They end it. They don't give unlimited time. But that's my thought there is I still like having the hours that are built in that are appropriate to the type of solution that I'm giving. And that way, when I wanna gift them time, like my clients over this.

this last weekend, I sent them text messages and I said look, I'm arriving early each day and shooting a bit and I'm also staying a bit late. I want you guys to know that this is my gift to you. This is my wedding gift. I'm not going to bill for any of that time and I'm also creating teasers. So it allows me to go above and beyond and give them an incredible experience to over deliver and they value that time because there's actually a cost to it that they know, right? So this

is the big thing for me is like I'd rather over deliver and not promise it when when it's unlimited there is no appreciation of anything extra that you do and frankly if you say unlimited and you don't you know if you're not there from the moment that they're up and and to the moment they go to sleep it's a negative thing they're like they said unlimited but they didn't really do it they didn't really stay the whole time it becomes a negative thing so be wary of that that idea okay remember I don't need you to

to kind of dive into starting this process yet, I'm gonna be giving you AI tools for the heavy lifting. So just understand these principles of what we're trying to do with this three package structure, with designing solutions, not just random collections of bullshit, and with kind of the price jumps, how we're doubling value, but we're only asking for a small amount more, okay? Making those decisions easy to move from step to step. Cool, let's go to the next lesson.