back. Okay. And what you're going to do is take what you've come up with you with your pricing, with what's included, everything, and feed it right into this. Again, it's programmed to tell you where there might be potential issues, where there could be opportunities to, to basically get to price bumps and make more. Okay. Be able to sell more. So absolutely share them when you're ready. I'll give you strategic feedback. So I want you to use this, bounce those ideas off of it until you got a really good idea of like, what's going to serve this audience and this type of client. Now, this is going to change. If I were to go back to the pricing coach, I'll just give you a quick example. And I type ready. It changes.

dramatically just by changing some of the items. Like I'm a corporate, yes, oh sorry, yes. Corporate event photography. I want you to see that this is coded to an extent where it's very powerful. Orange County, California. Okay, level experience, new. Short paragraph from your brand strategist. And this time I'm just gonna say, I don't have one, help me out.

Okay, it drafts a baseline profile just from, so I have that in there where it's like if they don't give you one, you're gonna create a profile based on like typical, and then I'm saying this looks great. This looks good. I don't have packages. Need help. I know, Stephanie mentioned in the comments, she's like, where has AI been in all my life? Although I worry about what this is gonna do to humanity. Yeah, one of the things that I don't like is I don't like how I think AI, I worry about us getting a lot.

dumber because we rely so much on AI. So I'm always trying to like, okay, I got to keep reading. I got to keep forming my own thoughts. I got to keep working on stuff because I don't want to get dumb. Uh, okay. But look at this. So pricing benchmarks, a short day, half day, full day, OC event photos, offer same to delivery. Daniel Mesa photography. Look at this summary table of entry-level competitors, hourly rates, midpoint market rates, your inclusive price strategy. Here's three hours of coverage. One photographer, basic planning call, full usage price. It falls in perfectly price 1,400. This is, this is based on new right now. What if I said, now let's say I'm well known in the.

corporate photography event space. How would your pricing recommendations change? So all of these, what I want you to recognize in this is all the questions that it's asking you, it's been instructed to very much use those questions. So you wanna be as precise as possible. Cause look, now it bumps our price point to 14. And I would say this is a little bit on the low end, right? So 2,200 to 2,500 exclusive executive premium coverage, 4,000 to 5,000. So I would say this is a decent higher end package.

Um, this, these two feel like low to me where like I would need to use judgment to go, okay, those might be a bit on the low side. So that's where I want you to under, to understand that, that there's room for, there's always going to be room for your judgment and your judgments necessary is, is really, it's not room for your judgment. You have to be the one that makes the final call on all of this. Okay, cool. Let's go back to this. So once you fed it back, that's where you should have a really good idea. So when you've got a good idea of your collections, their respective prices, what goes inside of them, that's where the place where I want you to continue. But until then, let's bounce back and forth until you have a solid picture.

of what you're gonna be delivering. And again, not just collections or packages filled with bullshit, but actual solutions to the problems that your clients have that solve their needs. All right.