I got to shoot a hundred clients. That's why that number is so valuable. It gives you such a quick snapshot and a clear idea of exactly how much money that you are earning from your shoots is going towards what you potentially would like to take home. But this will give you a nice complete picture that you can utilize. I would love for every one of you to complete this at least once and have an idea of this.

Do this every, maybe at a minimum, once a year, you're completing this, putting everything in, because one of the things that I notice is that most photographers, when I look at their camera equipment, they buy stupid shit. Like most photographers' computer and electronic expenses is somewhere around like 10 grand, and their camera and equipment expense, they're buying all sorts of crazy shit, okay? It looks more like this. And in my head, I'm just like.

I understand that a new camera is nice to have, but do you need it? I understand that having every light modifier is cool, but what are you actually gonna use? I want you to at least complete this once a year so you can get a picture of where you're at and you can go, hey, I haven't used Calendly in six months. Do I need that thing anymore? You can start eliminating subscriptions that you no longer need and start controlling your expenses because...

Honestly, the thing that I've learned after being in business for this long is it's one thing to generate revenue, it's another thing to actually be profitable. What's crazy to me, and I talk about this to my wife all the time, she has worked for so many startups, startups that get 20 million, 30 million, 50 million, 100 million in funding, businesses that never actually learn how to make money because they never learn how to control their expenses.

or learn, they always had investment money coming in, so they never figured out how to be profitable. And it's crazy to me, I tell my wife, I'm like, we run a photography studio that's literally more profitable than your $50 million startup that these people are running. It's no different inside of the photography space. Going back to that idea, you would be shocked at how many photographers I've met who are making 400 to $600,000 a year, and they can't pay their bills.

It all goes back to this, financial literacy and just understanding these basic points. Okay, I think I've belabored this enough. If you have any questions, hop into the group and ask away. I'll go ahead and reset this out so when you get the sheet, it'll have all zeros back into it as well. That's it for this section. I know this was a meaty one, my friends. Hope you enjoyed it.