Okay, now we're gonna layer another step. I want you to have a complete financial picture of not just your business, but your lifestyle expenses, your budget, okay? Building a sustainable business, it really has to do with understanding what is your needs, your budget, the kind of lifestyle you wanna create, and then balancing that with this value slash luxury based price model that we have within our photography business. And I want you to do that. I want you to be able to create a business model that's sustainable. I want you to have a complete financial picture of not just your business, but your lifestyle expenses, your budget, the kind of lifestyle you wanna create, and then balancing that with this value slash luxury slash luxury based price model that we have within our photography business. And I want you to do that. I want you to have a complete financial picture of not just your business,

That's how we're gonna get to something that actually is gonna last long-term. It's not gonna burn us out. To do this, we need to have a complete view of kind of our financial outlay. I'm not gonna get super into the weeds here. I wanna give you a nice high-level picture. I wanna give you a good set of tools that will get you started on this. I obviously still expect you to be keeping books, like you have your own QuickBooks, you have a bookkeeper. They can help you with finding some of these numbers if you need. But this is not designed to replace QuickBooks.

or your accounting process, this is designed to simply give you an idea of how a financial statement works and how understanding these things is gonna play into your decision-making process. Okay, so what we're gonna do is do a business and lifestyle calculator. So now, step one is let's get a clear picture of how much money you actually need on a monthly basis. This is hugely important if any of you are in a position where you're thinking about leaving your full-time job. So we're gonna do this, jump back to that same brand and strategy.

book on the calculator side 0 4 a we're to complete the personal expenses. So what I want you to do is you're jumping up here. We're looking in personal expenses and you're just going to put your your items here, right? I'm going to put my rent or mortgage is 4300 because I live in California and everything's insane. Let's put I'm going to put guesses for a lot of these. Okay, so Internet we're going to put 150 car payment 500 home insurance. We'll put 500 health insurance is.

is ridiculous because I have a family of four. Medical expenses, let's just say we average 250 a month and I'll do a couple other categories and we'll call it good. 200, groceries are hell expensive. Goodness, we need a lot of money. We need about, I think it's $1,000 a month. Okay, these are all on a monthly basis. Home repairs, let's say 500. All right, 200. I'm not gonna worry about the rest.

So you can add additional items anywhere just by clicking here. You can, you can just drop them in right there. If you need more, more lines, just right click insert a row and you're good to go. It'll, it'll have everything ready for you. Okay. So just drop in your, your, your number. So right now my personal expenses total is 12,600. Okay. What you'll see is that these numbers start getting pulled up into your business snapshot. This is where I want you to, this is where I want you to spend most of your time is understanding this. What else wants you to do is go through the.

fixed business expenses on an annual basis as well. So when you look at the next step, it's this. Let's understand your business's costs, again, on an annual basis. We don't need to know everything on a monthly, so let's just keep it a little bit more high level. I gave an example here. Maybe I'll fill in a couple of these items. So let's just say I spend maybe 1,500. Computer electronics is probably a bit more. Well, let's say 1,500, because I think I have camera and equipment next. So let's say I spent on average 3,000 on that.

Home office, this is usually a percentage of home expenses. I'm not gonna worry too much about that because that's not actually cash out. Furniture, I'm not gonna worry about. Let's just put in some marketing. Let's say that I'm paying someone to do SEO. It's 2,000 a year. Don't do that, by the way. That's not good. If I already encompass the internet up here, if I'm paying for it separately, like don't double count your expenses. So I already listed it up in my personal expenses and my home office is.

at home, so I'm not going to list that again. Let's say that we have 250 in website hosting, let's say we got 250 google suite, let's say we have 250 crm, let's say 250, I'm just guessing on these by the way, let's say 500 for adobe. How much do all these cost now? Okay, so put in all these things, let's say my bookkeeper's 3,000, my accountant's 5,000, actually it's probably going to be more like 5,000 and 3,000. Okay, get an idea, this is enough for now, I'm not going to worry about it.

Kind of continue this out. But what I wanted is some numbers in here, because now when we go to the business snapshot, this is what I want you guys to have a picture of. So the personal expenses require 12,600, which means that annually I need 151,000 just for the personal expenses. Now what I've done is I've, I've backed out like how much money you need to be making based on a simple rule. Uh, Elizabeth Warren, she's a Senator. She came up with this very simple budgeting system, the 50, 30,

rule okay it's a it's a simple way to kind of start household budgeting and what I'm doing is I'm using that rule to back out your your numbers right so what she's basically saying is that you know 50% of what you make should go to things that you need food mortgage rent that 20% of what you make should go to savings 30% of what you make should go to wants so that's the 50 30 20 rule okay so what I'm doing is I'm looking at this

And we said if based on, you know, Senator Elizabeth Warren's kind of budget, if we wanted to run with this, then we'd say if we need 151,000 and that those needs are 50% of how much we make, then we need to be making basically double that. The necessary household income is 302,000, right? But you could adjust these rates on savings. For example, like maybe I only want to save 10%, maybe I only need 20% for wants. You could pull those numbers down.

and and it'll give you a lower amount here for your necessary household income I think I might have screwed up that let's fix that real quick oh I broke it okay I will fix that in just a moment right now it's yeah right now it's giving us this number times two I'll have to fix that in just a second but anyway from here if I add these up notice at the bottom right it says two hundred forty one thousand so you could change those percentages if you would like and that's totally fine

fine, but it gives you the necessary household income. Now let's say, well, my partner makes $150,000 a year. It tells me what I need to take home. This is how much money I need to make to be able to survive based on this budget, right? And now we can go to the business and we go, okay, this is the fixed overhead for the business. This is the actual required revenue that we're going to need. And it's going to back all these things out with the tax liability to say, now

our business must earn $240,000 a year. You can, by the way, anything that's black, it's already calculated for you, so don't change those. Anything that's green, you can modify. So if your tax percentage is 33%, put that in. If it's 25%, put that in. I just put a number to start you out, okay? Now we go to the idea of sustainability. If I'm running a portrait business, and I say I want to charge $1,000, I have to make, the business has to earn.

$240,000 and I want to charge $1,000, I have to shoot 282 clients a year. So it takes your variable costs and it says, well, every pie, every job you shoot, you might make a thousand in revenue, but you're only going to bring in $850, this $850 is what's contributing to this, what the business must earn. Right. That's your contribution margin. And I go, holy shit. If I want to.

run a sustainable portrait business, I need to be charging a lot more. I probably need to be like $2,500. Even at $2,500, I gotta serve 102 clients. Okay, I probably need to be somewhere in the $5,000 range. If this is how much I need my business to earn, this becomes reasonable. One client a week, okay, I think that's reasonable, but I gotta be able to get to this level of price to support this lifestyle. So what this is gonna do is give you a very clear picture.

sure if the number of clients you need to serve is over 50 you're starting to approach the territory of this is gonna be difficult not impossible you can serve a hundred two hundred clients a year that is totally possible but I need you to think of what is the lifestyle requirement of booking those clients of serving those clients of delivering those clients that becomes a factor in all this right other factors too is well I can always see if I can reduce my personal expenses

I can always try to like what what can we do can we can we potentially move into something? That's a little bit more affordable cool that that reduces that Can we start you know can we get a less expensive car can we reduce expenses can we reduce business expenses? We can always pull from the other side of this too and every time we make those adjustments notice that okay well now I only need to take home $99,000 just that simple change in rent right now. I only need to serve 35 clients so

So, this is what's going to give you a picture to see like, okay, what is my financial position? And that contribution margin number is huge because that's the actual number that's going towards all those things. If you want to take home $50,000 and you're only, your contribution margin per shoot, this is how you can do quick back of the hat math. I want to make $50,000. My contribution margin per shoot is only $500.

I got to shoot a hundred clients. That's why that number is so valuable. It gives you such a quick snapshot and a clear idea of exactly how much money that you are earning from your shoots is going towards what you potentially would like to take home. But this will give you a nice complete picture that you can utilize. I would love for every one of you to complete this at least once and have an idea of this.

Do this every, maybe at a minimum, once a year, you're completing this, putting everything in, because one of the things that I notice is that most photographers, when I look at their camera equipment, they buy stupid shit. Like most photographers' computer and electronic expenses is somewhere around like 10 grand, and their camera and equipment expense, they're buying all sorts of crazy shit, okay? It looks more like this. And in my head, I'm just like.

I understand that a new camera is nice to have, but do you need it? I understand that having every light modifier is cool, but what are you actually gonna use? I want you to at least complete this once a year so you can get a picture of where you're at and you can go, hey, I haven't used Calendly in six months. Do I need that thing anymore? You can start eliminating subscriptions that you no longer need and start controlling your expenses because...

Honestly, the thing that I've learned after being in business for this long is it's one thing to generate revenue, it's another thing to actually be profitable. What's crazy to me, and I talk about this to my wife all the time, she has worked for so many startups, startups that get 20 million, 30 million, 50 million, 100 million in funding, businesses that never actually learn how to make money because they never learn how to control their expenses.

or learn, they always had investment money coming in, so they never figured out how to be profitable. And it's crazy to me, I tell my wife, I'm like, we run a photography studio that's literally more profitable than your $50 million startup that these people are running. It's no different inside of the photography space. Going back to that idea, you would be shocked at how many photographers I've met who are making 400 to $600,000 a year, and they can't pay their bills.

It all goes back to this, financial literacy and just understanding these basic points. Okay, I think I've belabored this enough. If you have any questions, hop into the group and ask away. I'll go ahead and reset this out so when you get the sheet, it'll have all zeros back into it as well. That's it for this section. I know this was a meaty one, my friends. Hope you enjoyed it.