Let's dive in. So optimizing your website. By and large, most of the stuff that we cover inside of this module are gonna be things that are really kind of a one-time nature. So kind of once you've optimized your landing page, your homepage for your website, those aren't really things that you need to do again unless you say, for example, you might switch niches or let's say that you try to pivot or do something. At that point, you would. But if we know what we're focusing in on, the things that we're gonna be doing here is really kind of a one-time thing. And then what we will do is carry forward the principles into each of the additional pages that you create. So the topics that we're gonna be discussing.

The pain point specifically is like, well, how do I SEO my website? That sounds weird as a verb, by the way, but search engine optimized. How do I optimize my website for SEO? Uh, which analytics and tools do I need? How do I get those installed? Um, what do I do with my primary keywords? We kind of laid out that content roadmap, our strategy in the last module. What do I do with those? The primary, the niche keywords, we'll discuss site maps. How do you submit them? We'll discuss how do you optimize your landing page and then, and by landing page, I mean your homepage, um, there is a sales and paid ad version, uh, word that we use called landing pages. And that's a little bit different. What we're really talking about is your homepage of your website.

Okay, and then how do you improve optimization kind of throughout? Okay, so we're gonna dive through this. The beauty, well, you're gonna see the beauty. The beauty is that this gets to be a lot quicker than it was last time in V1. So this is gonna be fast-paced. It's designed to be simple, to get you to the exact place you wanna go. Pause, implement, repeat. Honestly, in this section, it's really just pause, implement, there isn't a need to repeat. If you do wanna reference something down the road, then fine, but we are gonna go quickly. And as always, between sessions, remember that you have the mentorship group. Great place to ask questions, to seek advice, feedback from peers, to network.

part of the value in this community is just each other. So get out, meet each other, talk to each other, develop relationships. It's also a fantastic place to share your wins, your aha moments, as well as anything if you are struggling with something, if you need a little pick me up, post there too. We are there for each other. All right, let's jump in to the first lesson.