Oh, things like this, where it goes, okay, specializing in low-minimum destination weddings, we approach every celebration with a calm presence, deep understanding of how to preserve fleeting moments. The result, timeless photography that feels like you. And chat GBD, every AI loves to do these short little, like these sentences in between where it's like, and how, this is how. And what, this is what. All right, so these are just, there's a.

A lot of these little nuances, same, this is the structure. For couples who value presence over pressure, our work on regenerative minor, the best stories are the ones lived fully, not staged. Where we go, okay, these sound a little bit generated. Anyway, I just simply want you to understand that I need you to take copy and make it yours, but this is a beautiful place for ideation. And yeah, the EM dashes are your biggest warning that someone has written to you using AI. Just a heads up.

All right, let's keep going. Next, image search and optimization. I love image search and optimizing images because this is an area that can have a dramatic difference on not only your website's SEO, but also on just your ability for clients to be able to find you, right? We're gonna talk through each of these, but beyond kind of the basics of like making sure that your website doesn't have like poor or broken URLs, loading speed is really gonna be the big issue. Loading speed is the big thing that can help you boost.

ranking by simply making your page loads faster okay now there's only so much we can do because we are photography centric but I'm going to show you each step that we can do okay so the the reason why this is so worth doing is because image search is one of the best ways to be found I freaking love Google image search especially in this AI search world right because if I nobody's gonna go to chat GPT and say like like show me examples show me examples

of weddings at Terranea in Palos Verdes. Okay, now the reason why we don't search this way is because generally we're not gonna get enough search results. Now, here's the beautiful thing, is look at what just happened. We tend to go to Google search for this right now. I do believe that this is gonna switch over to a...

AI search, but, but watch what just happened. So we're going to go to Google and I'm going to say Terranea wedding photography. Okay. And then this is still an easier way to find inspiration ideas. Right? So most people will probably still do this, but look at this. Lin and Jersa right there, Lin and Jersa right there, Lin and Jersa right there, Lin and Jersa second row, Lin and Jersa, Lin and Jersa. You can see all of them, right? Like.

And it keeps going, like more Linenjursa's, right? And then look at what the search engine brought up here. Here are examples of Terranea Resort. And look, an oceanfront ceremony lawn, grassy terrace perfectly framed, Linenjursa. My point in showing you this is that people that search for image inspiration, they're gonna find you either with Google search or with AI search. AI, like OpenAI right now, they're gonna be releasing a browser soon, right? And the browser is gonna do.

the exact same thing. The browser is going to actually be pulling images from search and it's going to be feeding people to actual websites, right? Terranea Resort Wedding. So the point of this is we should be optimizing your images because it's one of those places that you can rank for quickly, right? Like you can, as long as somebody finds the image interesting and on target, like on topic, you're going to rank for it. It doesn't need to be based off of website ranking and all that kind of stuff. You're going to rank.

for it because the the result is relevant and it's interesting to the user and search chat ai-based search is not going to generate these images they're going to pull from these images so this makes it a huge kind of untapped resource to be able to take advantage of immediate search results so i want you to make sure that you're prepping your images for seo now here's how the image optimization guide so step one is you're going to

compress the images. So don't upload these full-size bloated images to your website. Don't rely on your website's compression because a lot of times they'll be like, oh, we have our own compression. I mean, if that's one of the features that they really tout and they're like, this is how good it is and they show you and you're like, okay, I can do that. But for the most part, don't rely on their compression. What I want you to do at the most basic level is just correctly size and export your images. Meaning, if we're inside of Lightroom, and I'll pull it up just so I can quickly.

show you if we're inside of Lightroom and we're about to export an image I want to make sure that on the long edge I'm exporting to the right size so look when I go to export if I all you're gonna do is look up what is the page width of your blog like what is the image width that is on your blog right maybe it's 1,200 pixels so all you're gonna do is go down and into the image sizing resize so the long edge is no more than

1,200 pixels, okay when you whenever you resize for pixels, you don't need to worry about resolution If you want to sharpen for screen, that's fine But that's the first layer. The second piece is this 80 to 85 percent quality I don't know why my Lightroom has been doing that lately So at a minimum from the same export window, you're gonna go back to quality. It'll come back in one second You're gonna go back to quality and you're gonna choose 80 85 percent I mean you can test it, but honestly, I cannot see a difference

between 80 to 85% on the export size, and that makes a massive difference in file size, okay? So that is the basic level of compression that I would incorporate onto everything. I love how now it's like hanging, there we go, okay. Mother tutter, there we go. Now, can I move it again? All right, while it's loading. Did it get it? Okay, here we go. So here's the file settings. We want it to be JPEG is fine, limit file size. You can do that.

or you can just simply reduce the quality size down to like 80%, okay? This is the basics. And usually I'll include like sharpening for screen and I'll just keep it like standard. So that by itself is already gonna compress the image pretty substantially. But you can do a secondary compression. And usually most of these will recommend that if you're gonna do secondary compression, don't do compression the first time, just run it through the secondary. But you can get plugins like JPEG Mini, they go on to Lightroom and it'll literally.

the best one that I've used is kind of JPEG Mini. There's compressed now, JPEG Mini, but choose whatever you like. JPEG Mini is nice, has a plugin for Lightroom and you can choose the settings right there so you don't have to run it through again. It'll literally just compress it directly from Lightroom. And it'll get it dramatically smaller. So if you really wanna optimize, then that's a great route. Okay, so that's step one of optimizing an image, just make sure that we're not uploading. If you wanna stop with just the Lightroom stuff, that's okay too. That's at least enough to make a big.

difference. Step two is that your file names. You need to have a brief SEO description of the image separated by dashes. So you're describing the image that you're seeing and each word is separated by dashes. So examples. Pasadena City Hall quinceanera dress. You can say you know you want to say something a little more specific. You want to say you know whatever type of dress you want to say you know what the woman is doing inside the dress. I don't care. But just a description there. Los Angeles Taglian wedding photography ring.

New York City, family photography, Central Park, candid photos. Utah brand portrait photography in office with this. I just didn't continue these by the way because it was running off the page and I think you get the point. Newborn portrait session, Kaiser Hospital, Seattle. So everything stays lowercase. Each file name is ideally unique. So what that means is if we're doing a blog entry, it is ideal, I don't want you to kill yourself over this, it is ideal though if each file name is unique.

Okay, so in each one you're describing that image now when we're lazy I might just export everything from a wedding and say, you know, this is Pasadena wedding, you know Pasadena City Hall wedding and that's it, right? The thing is that if all my images are labeled Pasadena City Hall wedding then Again a decade ago Google would have thought that well all these images are the same They're not gonna be substantially different today. I don't know if that's gonna be the case anymore so

So that's again where I'm like, don't kill yourself over this because now that AI is involved in this process and they can scan images, I don't know how relevant all of these different, these different kind of SEO things are gonna be moving forward because it can probably start generating its own descriptions for these images, which are gonna be more accurate than ours. So keep that in mind. It is ideal, you know, if you're putting together a resource page and we want this resource page to rank and we have.

15 images, I might spend the time just to quickly do those 15 images, and I'll bet there's actually some AI-based things that will do this for you. If those tools don't exist yet, they probably will very quickly. But that's the file name portion of this. The next piece of that is that the alt text. This is a longer, clearer, descriptive sentence of the image that you put, that goes into when you upload it to the website, it'll give you an option that says alt text. And this is where you can just literally just write words, like bride and groom exchange vows.