The first thing that I'm gonna say is this little reminder to not go too far down this rabbit hole. And what I mean is, is basically the world of AI and search engine optimization, there's a kind of a term that's being thrown around like literally right now called AEO, which kind of stands for AI Engine Optimization, as if like, it's like search engine optimization, but for AI. Really it's identical, okay? AI is pulling information from SEO. So AI.

Every whatever app you're using is going to be pulling from information that's readily available. So it's a great buzzword, but really it's all the same. What we need to do is design a website that is optimized to be searched, to be indexed. Now previously it just used to be by search engines. Now it's going to be indexed by AI, by different apps, all sorts of stuff. But what I want you to understand is by and large we're still following all the principles.

of SEO, which I don't think are really going to ever go out of practice, but what we are going to see is that the, the world of SEO is going to change dramatically over these next several years. It's why I want you to focus on the basics of this because you're going to get 80% of your result by just focusing on essentially the basics. So remembering the 80 20 rule, trying to like go beyond this, go down the rabbit hole is not going to be worth it, especially in a space that is changing so rapidly.

completely. So let's focus in on the basics. And what that means is I don't want you to get lost in the weeds of this, okay? I want you to be flexible. I want you to be ready to adopt new marketing strategies. And I'd rather, I'm going to give you the basics. If you want to go beyond those things, that's okay. But I do feel personally as your coach to remind you that that was my job to remind you that there are many more important things than just focusing on one aspect of marketing. Okay?

ago, SEO could be your entire marketing strategy and it was fine. It would work today. I don't believe that's any longer the case with AI, with, with the fact that search engines are sending out less traffic, AI is sending out virtually no traffic. SEO has to be a part of our marketing strategy, not the entire thing. And I think there's a lot more valuable areas for you to spend time on after you've gotten the basics going as far as your website. Okay. So our primary goals here is really about the basic.

side. Your focus is to get your analytics up, to submit your site map. We're going to make sure that your site is error free, like on a major error side. We're going to optimize your landing page. We're going to create optimized content. This will be something we're doing over time. And then I want you to track results. This is really kind of the basic premise of this and how far I would like for you to go, unless you're really just passionate about SEO. Alright, let's jump into the next lesson.