Okay, so next piece, Google Analytics. These are kind of the two tools that we need to have. So why analytics? Well, Search Console is just your search views, right? Whereas Google Analytics is all views in depth. It's also gonna give you ideas in terms of like how we're acquiring these views, where they're coming in from. And it'll give us ideas in terms of engagement, like what they're doing on our website, right? So this makes it very valuable as a tool and it gives us a bit of, honestly, you can do most of the things you wanna do probably from Google Analytics. So if you just wanna stay in one, I would say spend most of your time in Google Analytics. But what we're really looking at here is under the left side.

When you install, you'll notice that there's this little report icon right there. So you click that, it'll bring open the report view. And under acquisition, we have this overview. Now what's really useful is kind of looking down at the bottom right, you'll see organic search results, direct results. So direct is like somebody going into Google and basically like typing your name or they're actually that probably shows up as search results. A direct result is them actually like typing in your URL. It might actually factor, like if someone types into Google Lin and it serves up, maybe that does include that as well. But search results is organically direct as they already know about you, they're coming directly to you.

Referral are links from other websites, right? And then we have organic social, organic video. You'll notice that we don't really do much on social for like our lineages of website. So this will give you an idea of what things are having an impact. And that's very useful. Like you're gonna start seeing results in organic search. That's fantastic. What about referrals? Like what about getting our website onto other pages, getting vendors to link over to us? And the other probably, I would say the two most useful things is organic search and organic social, because this is gonna give us a gauge of those immediate marketing efforts, how many people are coming over from social, which is gonna be good, a good piece.

These two. And also tell you where they're coming in from. There's other demographical information here, but I think the most useful thing is just knowing where they're coming in from. And then beyond that is kind of what they're engaging with, right? So this will give you, you can extend the report duration. So this is like the last 30 minutes is saying like, okay, there was these users on this side of the page or whatever. But I would probably extend it out to like a 30 day view at least. And try to look at which pages that they're on. Because again, whatever pages that they're showing up on, those are the pages we wanna make sure are set up well so that they can see what, get the information they're looking for, but then go, hey, this person's a photographer. They do what I need.

and I'm gonna reach out to them. So we need to have relevant calls to action there. This is honestly really the 80% of the bread and butter in the SEO game. It's just creating good SEO content and then making sure that wherever people are landing on the website, it's set up in a way that we can convert views into leads. That's it, that's all of it in kind of a nutshell, okay? So this is probably the two views that you're gonna spend the most time on. The other thing that can be interesting, a full listing of pages and information on views and engagement is under engagement, you have this pages and screens view, okay? And this is where it'll give you each page and you can sort by number of views, again, to see like which page.

do I need to really focus on optimizing because people are spending a good amount of time in these pages, they're clicking it quite a bit. So let me make sure that those pages lead into my contact me page, my funnels. Let me make sure I have a lead magnet on those page. All those things are gonna apply, okay? All right, so let's set up Google Analytics. Again, very simple. I've given you a common set of instructions or set of, I gotta get that right. And if you have any questions, just how do I set up Google Analytics on whatever platform and you'll get a full set of instructions to set up and verify that. So pause here if you haven't already, make sure Google Analytics is installed and then let's continue.