Let's see a clarified message that isn't bullshit. But I'd rather see that than Los Angeles wedding photographer. Because that's a small and detail I can go right beneath it, right? So to me, it makes more sense to write for the end user. So this is that note. It's okay to make your clarified message, your H1 and your primary keyword phrase, the H2 at the top of your page, that's fine. And then as you go through the rest of it, right? As you go through the rest of your page, like we had Tim's pulled up. So let me just go back to that one sec. I don't know why it doesn't give me the URL. Okay. So we'd have to look at the code to see which one of these is what. But right here, this would be an H1.

Right here, meet Timothy is another, this is either going to be an H two or an H three, right? Real love stories. This is an H two, each section underneath it might be an H three. So all we're doing each section is, is denoted by an H two and we're only placing SEO keywords in those sections when it makes sense, like here, let's chat. How, how insane would it be if he wrote, let's chat with a Tucson wedding Let's chat with a Tucson wedding photographer. That's complete bull. And people wouldn't like that. And so the search engine is not going to like that. So you're always designing for people with the understanding.

of what helps the search engine to kind of like keep things organized. This is why I say H2s, they're written only for your audience. Include keywords only if they fit. Use H2s to guide the user experience. A page generally has only one H1, so you have one primary kind of title. And then you have as many secondary as you want, as many thirds as you want, that's totally fine, okay? So we just wanna make sure that that's how your pages are organized. You're not gonna have to look in the code. I just wanted to give you an example of what it looked like in the code, which I show you guys as well, okay? So this next piece is just making sure that your headers are properly titled and making sure that.

It all makes sense. And then the next step is, well, the first paragraph should be this core message. This is the section that's right below the hero, ideally. Hopefully it's above the fold. And it's just a simple kind of SEO-ready message on the template that I showed you guys earlier. This is that section, right? It's just right below the header. So I like an SEO-ready message there that can kind of expand the clarified message. And again, we can go right back to your brand strategist and say, okay, now I need a paragraph for the first section below my hero. I'd like it to be...

a little, like you can tell it what to give you or you can just say, I'd like for you to create this but make it SEO ready. Okay, and then you can use that to give you ideas. And instead of like, this is gonna give me one idea. So we believe love is best captured. So would I use it directly from this? No, of course not. But I like this unposed, unscripted, and deeply felt. Like that could be a freaking clarified message by itself, right? Based in Paris, we specialize in elopement and destination. I don't know if I need to say that again.

Well, if we're going for that keyword, the primary keyword like Paris photography, then maybe we do mention again just to include the Paris one more time in there. We specialize in a local destination wedding photographer for couples who choose adventure and authenticity. I want this to be more personalized, but at the same time, this is getting you ideas. And I can say, give me five more versions. And the more guidance you give it as far as what you'd like those versions to be, then the better, right? If I'm going to say, hey, I'm going to put my portrait next to this and I want it to be a little bit of an intro to who I am as an artist and what I like to do, how we focus on our clients, it'll give you better output.

So it kind of just depends on what you'd like the experience to look like, but we get five more ready messages. Okay, so we're building on the clarified message, we're writing to the target avatar, and we're making sure that we do not keyword stuff in this area, okay? Then the next step of SEO optimizing a homepage would be to pepper throughout, in a natural way, your primary keyword phrase. Now, what I'm saying here, doesn't this apply to literally every single page you create on your website? Like, if I create a page that's about, let's say, tips, when to plan your newborn photography session.

isn't your H1 when to plan your newborn photography session? And wouldn't your H2s just be the different points you're gonna make in that conversation? And then wouldn't we also want like underneath the H1, we'd want like a little body of text that describes what we're gonna be talking about in this resource? It's all exactly the same thing, right? All we're doing, and that's why I like the Google document analogy, all we're doing is we're creating a document and organizing it with structure, that's it. Making it easy to navigate and to go back and forth. And you do this on your homepage.

page, you do the exact same process on any other page that you create. So you pepper the page naturally with the keyword that you're using on that page. Because this is the home page, we're using the primary keyword. If it is a resource page, we use that secondary, the niche keyword that we're aiming for, right? Newborn photography tips, or planning a maternity session, or when to do a boudoir shoot, or whatever those terms, whatever those things are, the articles, the resources, the topics that are relevant, that's those keywords, right? Okay. So the last piece of...

of this is to make sure that when we use images, that those images are also keyworded, both in the file names and their alt descriptions, okay? So what we want is, I'm gonna give you a complete guide on this, like a, actually, this next one is literally this. So I won't go too deep into this. I'm just gonna say that this is step seven. We wanna make sure the file name has SEO-driven words, each separated with a hyphen, and then the alt tags, we can include a full description, and I'm gonna give you examples of that in just a moment. So that is optimizing a page in a nutshell. You're gonna do this once for your homepage, and if you make adjustments from time to time, that's totally fine, but you're gonna follow this.

process of optimization for every additional resource you create. The beautiful thing is that ChatGBT and these websites the website platforms, they're so easy to use now that you can do it all visually. And then the output that you're getting if you're using the article creator that I've made for you, it already gives you H2s. It's already planned into it. So it's going to do a lot of the heavy lifting for you. One quick note, let me jump back to this ChatGBT site. There are certain things that AI does that are very clearly AI. So again, I don't want you to ever take copy directly from this. I want you to make it yours.

clue as to what some of those things are. The little EM dash, nobody fucking uses these. Nobody uses those. This is a dead giveaway. Whether you're sending out an email to somebody, whether it's a, it doesn't matter what it is, anybody that uses AI knows that an EM dash is an AI generated response. So make sure you're taking out EM dashes from your stuff. The other thing is like strange wording structure. Oftentimes it's, let's see here if it gave me one. Oh, things like this, where it goes, okay, specializing in low-minimum destination weddings, we approach every celebration with a.

calm, present, deep understanding of how to preserve fleeting moments. The result? Timeless photography that feels like you. And chat GBD, and every AI loves to do these like short little like, these sentences in between where it's like, and how? This is how. And what? This is what. All right, so these are just, there's a lot of these little nuances. Same, this is the structure. For couples who value presence over pressure or work on a gender minor, the best stories are the ones lived fully, not staged. Where we go, okay, these sound a little bit generated. Anyway, I just simply want you to understand that I need you to take.

copy and make it yours, but this is a beautiful place for ideation. And yeah, the EM dashes are your biggest warning that someone has written to you using AI. Just a heads up. All right, let's keep going.