Okay, so how do we optimize a landing page or a homepage for SEO? And again, I probably should have just said homepage, but this really applies to kind of like what we're about to talk about applies to any page that we want to optimize on our website. Okay. Remember, when it comes to the homepage of your website, you're aiming for the primary keyword, right? So that's going to be a broader keyword generally that's going to take more time to rank for, but it's the same set of steps that we're going to follow on all the other pages we create as well. So what we want to first avoid is any techniques. This is an old school term, but I think it's still valid. They used to call it black hat technique.

techniques, black hat techniques is doing things that are specifically designed to kind of take advantage of an algorithm, to take advantage of a search engine. And these are techniques that not only is Google, Bing and every other platform good at detecting, they will get you potentially banned. So what these concepts are is like keyword stuffing. That's probably one of the biggest ones is keyword stuffing or building up links that don't even matter, you know, trying to do things that are just kind of like strange, right? Keyword stuffing is by far the worst culprit, not because it's maybe it's not the most

insidious of them, it's just the easiest mistake to make. We go, oh, I'm a newborn photographer and so I'm gonna put newborn photographer throughout all of my copy on my landing page, right? And so you don't realize that this is actually a black hat technique, you're just like trying to get Google to know that I'm a newborn photographer. And so we stuff it inadvertently and the important thing to remember here is that you're writing for a person, not for a search engine. So if it sounds weird to you, hey, I'm a newborn photographer based out of Orange County and if you're looking for newborn photography, then I'm the place to go because I'm a newborn photographer with eight years of experience and you don't wanna go to other.

other newborn photographers because they have less experience, that is keyword stuffing. So if it sounds weird to read out loud, you are most definitely being flagged for not writing good copy. So I'm giving you an example of this. Anytime we write copy, right, the examples are, here's a bad example. Welcome to our Los Angeles wedding photography website. We started our Los Angeles wedding photography studio in 2008 and we specialize in capturing emotional beautiful wedding photos primarily for Los Angeles couples who are getting married and having wedding photos, but we also service Orange County wedding photography clients. So if you need wedding photography, that's bad. This you're going to get flagged. You're going to get dinged.

Don't do it. A good example. Welcome to Linnanjursa, Los Angeles wedding photographers. We started our wedding photography studio in 2008. While our studio is based in Orange County, we work with wedding clients throughout Southern California and all over the world. Okay, we know that we're targeting Los Angeles wedding photographers. Here, if we had a secondary, we're kind of hoping that maybe it picks us up for Orange County as well. But notice that we're not stuffing it just with this one keyword phrase over and over and over. But we have mentioned wedding photography one more time. We've also said weddings here. It's written in a natural way. Now, an even better example is welcome to Linnanjursa, award-winning Los Angeles wedding photographers. Since 2008.

Our team has captured timeless weddings with a blend of artistry and storytelling. While we're based out of Orange County, we proudly serve clients around the world." So I'm not even trying to, I'm not even, I'm not even trying to stuff more than one usage of my phrase into here. It's just one and then I'm writing to the audience, right? And again, the more personal your brand, I think the better. So the more you can make it, you know, this is an associate brand that we're kind of giving an example of. So the more you can make it personalized and, hey, I want to welcome you, you know, my name is this, the better. Keep your writing very designed for the person reading.

it not for the search engine and keep in mind too that on your entire home page right you've got a lot of space to be able to say those things over to be able to use the keywords so use it in a natural way all right now some i know of you are kind of thinking like raising your hands like oh i'm guilty of this no worries just make the adjustment quick because this is one that gets you flagged very fast um yeah okay another quick thing that uh is easy to one of my favorite ways of just thinking about search engine optimization and how a search engine

works, right, is to realize that the entire, before AI was a thing, Google and Bing and every one of them, Alta Vista, do you remember that? All of them were trying to design an algorithm that worked like a person. It basically helped people to find the best solutions for them. So since AI's been developed, it's that much more effective at it. So what I like to think about in this optimization is that if it's good for the user, if I'm making my page easier for them to.

understand, more simple, easier to navigate. I'm, I'm following good SEO practices. If I'm making things difficult to understand a little bit hard to read, copy isn't that great. Then I'm following bad SEO practices. A search engine is ultimately designed to get people what they want to see. If you are creating things for people and what they want to see, you're already doing the things that you should be doing from there. It's just about kind of crossing some T's and dotting some eyes to make sure that everything else is in place. So what does that mean?

Practice, that means like if you have areas where the font is difficult to read, like you're using a cursive font or a scripted font over a large section, you're gonna get slammed. If you put a dark font over a dark background, you're gonna get slammed. It's difficult to read, right? Or a light font over a light background, that was one of the other big issues that people would do is they would be like, oh, I'm gonna put this thing at the bottom of my website. It's just gonna be white on white. So white text over white, so nobody can see it, but I'm gonna stuff it with keywords. Man, every one of these techniques that people used got them blown up in these search engines, like blown up in a bad way, like they get.

moved. So think of it from that side like optimization is really about optimizing for the end user, not for a particular search engine. Okay. If you ever get stuck, you can use this to kind of help you out. So I'm giving you a little prompt. So how do I modify the blank section on my website platform? Because what we're going to do is I'm going to show you just to optimize certain things on your, your homepage of your website. Okay. So the first thing is updating your title tag. The title tag is an HTML element that appears at the top of the browser tab and ideally in search result previews. So when you go to Google and you type in and you get a response, the

Title tag is ideally what shows up right here. Los Angeles wedding photographer, Lin and Gersa, right? We wanna update that, and it's also what shows at the top of the browser tab. Okay, why do I say ideally? Because once again, AI has been incorporated into every single search engine. And so what a search engine is trying to do is it's trying to give the most relevant information as this title to the end user, which means that it may or may not actually use your title tag, but it does take inspiration from it. And if the rest of your body and the rest of your copy follow suit with this, then it very likely will use it. But it tries to.

to figure out what is the best title for this website for the end user, and it's gonna modify accordingly. Which means that we wanna keep the title tag, wanna keep it short and sweet, maybe include your primary keyword phrase, and I kind of like the idea of including a short description there. So rather than just Los Angeles wedding photographer, if I were to modify this today, right, it would be, well, Seattle's best natural light wedding photographer, right? Because I already have Lin and Jirsa right here. It's already serving up my name and my business and my website right there, so why be redundant? Why waste the title tag space with our name again, right?

I'd rather give them a brief description of what it is that I do or where I might do it. So epic puppy portraits. So even epic puppy portraits would be enough, but if there's a particular area that you serve, then epic puppy portraits in Boston or serving Boston. Salt Lake City family portraits. I would love like organic Salt Lake City family portraits, right? Let's get descriptive about it. So when someone sees it, because again, remember, we want the person that sees it to have a reason to click it. That's the whole idea here and the change that we made. So Tim Eirik, he recently posted in the Facebook group. He said his click-through rate went from

0.7 to 1.8, okay? I want you to give you guys an idea of that. 0.7 to 1.8. Now, that sounds like Tim Post, he's like, well, I guess there's a 1% improvement on the click-through rate on Google, so that's a win, I guess. And I'm like, dude, you don't understand how big that is. Because 0.7 to 1.8, this is a net difference of 1.1. So 0.7 divided by 1.1, or probably the other way around. Let's go 1.1 divided by 0.7. Mother tutter. Okay, that represents 158% improvement.

improvement in click-through rate. All we did, all I told him was, Tim, we wanna make sure that the title is something unique, like cinematic wedding photography out of this. Like say something that describes a little bit more of what it is so that people have a reason to click it, a reason of why it's different from somebody else. His click-through rate went up by 150%. Now for context, that means instead of, if he got 100 impressions, instead of seven clicks, he would be getting 18 clicks. That's massive. That's 150% improvement. And those little tiny 1%.