wedding page, where I'm like, I want this to, for all these to pull up for Terranea Resort. Yes, I might do it for a page like this, where there's only like 15 to 20 images on that page. I would not be doing this and going back through, you know, blog entries and stuff. Do not waste your time on something like that. Okay, the next step is, again, another ideal is that the images that we build into the website, that they're surrounded by a bit of relevant copy, right? Search engines, they kind of use the text around the image to.

get context of what you're saying and what that image is. So just understand that. Do you have to? No, but that is a useful piece. And then step five for optimizing for imagery is kind of an optional one. If possible, if you can implement lazy loading on your website, this is helpful. What this does is it makes it so that your website only loads as you scroll down. So basically stuff that's below the fold only loads as you move. I don't believe Linenjursa uses lazy loading, we just optimize. But.

this is an option that can further improve optimization a little bit. Not a must, but if your website host or the platform that you're using, if they offer this option, then turn it on. This is a useful thing for sure, okay? And that is it when it comes to kind of image optimization. So let's stick with the basics. Hopefully that all makes sense. Do not go back through and do this with like blog entries and whatnot. And if you wanna save time with blog entries as you move forward, I wouldn't.

worry about giving it other than, like just give everything a single description export, that's fine. I would spend the time to do this on like a resource page, a page that I really want to rank or images that I really want to show up in Google search. Okay. And another reason why like it's not necessarily worth doing this over a blog is because if I want something to show up in Google search, I want it to be an image that I'm genuinely proud of. Like a lot of images that go on your blog, they're going to be good, but their story.

They're, they're placed, you know, in there to kind of like help aid the story on their own. They don't really make that much sense, right? So if you have this like shoe shot and you, you SEO tag it and you do all these things and someone searches for a wedding at this location, your shoe shot shows up. That's not necessarily going to be something that they really care about, right? It's not necessarily going to draw them in. So that's why I'm saying like on a blog entry, this isn't necessarily as important because we don't really.

we want every single one of those images to show up. But on a resource page, when we're choosing like solid images for each one of these, those are places where like, we're like, oh yeah, we'd love for these to show up in search. Okay?