back to this in case of drift. So now I go back to this place and then I'm gonna paste this in. Okay. Now it's gonna stay on target. Mother fudger. Okay, let's just give it a prompt. Okay, let's see if it goes, oops, I'm sorry.

You're right. Okay. So what I get is Paris, a low-budget photographer, recommended primary keyword. I'm not gonna just take this and run with it. I'm gonna make sure that I go to Google search or make sure that we go over to, I think I linked it up for you guys. If you go to Google Ads, so let's open that up. Okay, I think I'm already signed in. Okay, and what we're gonna do is go under tools

to the keyword planner, okay? This is where I'm gonna go to discover, I'm gonna type in Paris elopement photographer. Get results. And when I do that, it's gonna give me ideas of what people are typing in. So let's try and expand this. So Paris elopement photographer is one, elopement photographer Paris is another. Look, both these have 100 to 1,000 searches, right? Elopement wedding Paris, that has 10 to 100. So this is the premise here, is that once we get the AI to kind of give us some of those.

broader terms, then we jump over here and we search it and we need to understand that whether you put Paris elopement photographer or elopement photographer Paris, a search engine is smart enough to know that these are the same thing, okay? You don't need to worry about it. So where it makes sense, write elopement photographer in Paris. Where it makes sense, put Paris elopement photographer. Like in a headline, it might make sense that it's Paris elopement photographer. That's what's most readable, right? Because it's not very readable to see elopement photographer.

Paris, so make it readable and focus on that first. But this gives us the idea of those monthly search volumes, okay. And side note, if you're brand strategist, I'm going to do this. This is about the time where like, if you're starting to notice that in one particular project, you're getting a lot of drift. Let me just show you a quick solution to that. Okay. So what I'm going to do is grab my instruction set here. I'm going to copy this. Okay. Just cancel out and what we're.

do instead is go to GPT's, go to create, and now to say my brand strategist. Okay and you say this is my personal brand strategist for North and Nest photography. Then you're gonna copy and paste that GPT instructions right here. Okay go ahead and hit create and you can just say if it's gonna be only me or whatever

whatever you want it to do. You can also have it automatically generate. So I'm gonna click this, use Dolly to automatically generate a thumbnail for it. Now, the benefit of this is that an actual custom GPT is not going to face that issue of like drift where all these past conversations are impacting its current one. So because it's meant to be used like independent conversations, basically. Every conversation that I have with this is an independent conversation. So now I can go to my.

Brand Strategist, and let's make sure that it actually updated. I don't know why sometimes it takes a second to load these, there we go. You click it, it takes a minute. Okay, so now I'm gonna go back and I'm gonna take that same search. So often what I'll do is I'll create a project and I'll use that project to basically get me far enough where I can make a custom GPT, especially if you start encountering.

Drift. You son of a bitch. All right, so if you keep getting these types of issues, you have to tell it. Like for some reason, I don't think it's the instructions. I think it's... Instructions, did you? I like that you're seeing this because now you guys can see the exact issues I run into when I develop these custom GPTs. Did I reference California? I wonder if I actually changed the instruction.

at some point, you're absolutely right to call it out. I drifted from the brief. Thank you for grounding us again. You didn't mention California. Based on your early instructions, your dream clients are based in the UK. There we go. So we got it to come back. You're also rooted in Tustin, okay. So we're getting some sort of drift for some reason and we have to dive in and kind of see. But if you are getting that, just re-prompt it and tell it to kind of go back to what it is that you were doing in the first place. Generally, you shouldn't see much drift. So what's most likely happened is that the instructions, what I would do next.

is I would actually look at the instructions for my brand strategist in here. And I would just wanna see, let's go edit, there we go. I'd wanna see if somewhere along the way my destination got changed up here. So that's kind of where I would go first and see if that, and if it isn't in there, then I just need to reset it basically with prompts. Okay, but good thing to see how to deal with.

All right, let's come back here for just a second. So this is where I want you to go ahead and go into your brand and, let's go to the brand strategy document. There we go, the workbook. Okay, and you're gonna go ahead and enter in your, under the SEO section, we're gonna start working on that primary keyword phrase now and finalize that, all right? You can put in your keyword search volume. So basically this is a little process where you kind of look up potential keyword phrases.

What the search volume for each of those might be. Um, and I gave you a little recap of kind of what we discussed here and then what the final keyword phrase is going to be for your business. So go ahead and get those dialed in now and then head on to the next lesson. Okay. Last piece of dialing in our overall content marketing strategy. We're going to, of course, add to this as we go, but what I want coming out of this module is that you have like a good place to begin your efforts. So we're talking about niche keywords. Now, these are those less searched.

less competitive keyword phrases, but they're very specific to your target audience's wants and needs. And reminder, I would much rather take 100 views that are on target than a million views that are off, okay? Well, maybe a million's a little high. 10,000 views that are off. 100 on target are far greater than 10,000 off target. So examples of this is like, if you were to search for four seasons Westlake Indian Village, then these are the things that pop up organically. You see the Linen Jersey website, so I've checked each of the spots that come up organically.

Right, and it's not just for like regular search. It's so it's not just about the pages themselves. It's actually about getting the images into search ranking as well. Image search is one of the best ways that people look for inspiration. It's gonna stay this way for quite a while. And even when chat GPT releases their browser, most likely it's gonna be relying on image search too. So all these things are still gonna be very relevant. But if you type the same thing into image search, then all the check marks are our images that are popping up or our images that are featured.

in other magazines, right? And those features, by the way, is a big part of how we'll build link strategy, like link authority, is by simply getting your work featured. But anyway, that's for down the road. But look at all the images that get linked over. So as soon as they click these, they enter our website into some spot, and we need to know kind of where they're entering in from. That's why, by the way, when we're talking about step five, I was saying on your articles, on your resources, on all those pages, you need to tell people what it is that you do and calls to action on those pages because...

they don't necessarily know when they click this, they don't know that they're on a wedding photographer's website. They don't know that you are happy to give them a free console. They don't know any of those things. So each of these entry points needs to be prepared to convert a view into an actual lead, all right? Okay, so location examples of niche keywords might be like downtown Pasadena engagement photos, Central Park engagement photography, Hilton Pearl, New York wedding photography. These are all wedding examples. Portrait examples, how to prepare for your new one.

photos, family photography tips, newborn photos in Paris, could be anything, right? Family photography locations in New York City, affordable maternity photos in Las Vegas. All these are niche keyword topics that can potentially be relevant. Now this last one is one that I wanted to show you because it may be highly searched but you got to be careful with, do you want that? There's not a harm to getting those views but if someone is searching for affordable or cheap, then

those topics, those views that are coming in are likely gonna be from unqualified people. So this last one is tossed in to kind of like understand, I should have put an X next to it, to understand that depending on the keyword term, we need to make sure that the keyword term that we're looking for is likely gonna be what our desired audience will be typing in, okay? So from here, we're gonna start developing this content roadmap. We know the primary keyword strategy, but that's really only for the front page of your website. It's the homepage.

right? This keyword road, the content roadmap is for all these other pages and it's also going to be the topics we're creating for social media and the things that we're creating along the way for newsletters and for lead magnets and everything. So let's work in getting a few of these topics down. So what I want you to do is step one, we're going to go for less search, but more specific keywords. We're going for our niche keywords. They match your target avatars, wants and needs, problems and challenges, frequently asked questions and their searches for inspiration. Okay.