Is there a good menu system? Are there links throughout that take us from one page to the next, right? Yes, along with the, think about this too, along with inbound and outbound links, the value, and again, this gets more into the weeds that we'll talk about in the next module, but there's a value associated to links as well. So if your website authority is higher, the value of your links that you're sending are better. And vice versa, if you're receiving a link from a value.

from a website that has a high authority, that's good. It's even better if they have a high authority and it's relating to the topic that you're in, right? The thing that you do. So there's a way that we kind of dictate quality of links but the thing is, I'm really not even gonna tell you, we're not gonna spend a huge portion of our time focusing on link building because these are things that will happen naturally over time. I will give you ideas and strategies if that's something you want to do. But again, I think over time, these methods.

are going to become outdated as we push forward in this kind of next generation. So I don't want you to spend too much time on certain things. So domain age, site speed, all of these things are gonna have an impact on your website authority. We'll get deeper into this as we go to the next steps. What I just simply want you to understand is this is what determines the order. When somebody searches a particular topic, the website authority is what determines the order that these things are presented, okay? So let's think of, we're gonna build authority.

with time. So most of our effort in search engine optimization is getting things set up the right way, getting our categories set up the right way. Most of this authority component, we're gonna build with time as we create awesome content, that's gonna do the hefty lifting. And maybe if you wanna get listed in a couple of directories here and there, that can be beneficial too, if we're mindful where we're doing it and we'll talk about that as we go. My last note here is, I know a lot of us have spent a lot of time learning search engine optimization.

Okay, what I need everybody to understand is 10 years ago, those little minor differences, those little optimization strategies, those were very critical. Ten years ago, it was really important that, you know, the first words on your website were designed for a search engine. I need you to think from an AI standpoint now. Do you really think it matters? Can an AI not, if it's, if the second thing that you say is an SEO statement, can AI not figure that out? What we should be doing now as we push forward.

forward is developing our material, our content, our website. Everything should be focused on the client experience. What makes this easier to read? What keeps people on my page longer? What information can I give them to improve that experience? Because the authority component of this, if somebody stays on your website longer, like how quickly they bounce to another website, that's gonna impact your authority. And I would think.

going into an AI world, that's gonna impact your authority far more than a lot of these other components in the past. Going forward, things are gonna be about engagement. They're gonna be about, you know, did this, we can actually detect now if this website answers that question, okay? So let's focus as we move forward on just following the principles of good SEO optimization and AEO optimization, and let's focus our efforts on the audience.

experience on readability on making sure they're getting what they need these things will take care of themselves if we just follow the basics All right Let's jump the next lesson Let's set now your primary SEO keywords. So again, just a reminder This is our broad highly searched keyword and it's gonna fall into our long-term SEO strategy You're not gonna rank for this quickly This is gonna be something that that comes over time and I want you to understand that your success does not rely on ranking

for this at all, okay? It's just a nice to have thing. So generally the primary keyword formula is just this. It's one phrase, two max, that's dialed into your photography niche and your location. So primary location plus primary niche. Los Angeles actor headshots, Austin family portraits, Tacoma wedding photography, New York elopement photographer. It's a broad search term that we wanna make sure is exactly what our client avatar might be searching, hence niching down. I'm gonna constantly remind you.

of the importance of the work that you did in steps one through five, if you haven't already got that. Now, we can do this very quickly in a number of ways. Number one is remembering, again, this is our long-term SEO goal, matches the target audience's primary location, the primary service, and the most common way that they might be typing it in. Do they type it as Los Angeles wedding photography or Los Angeles wedding photographer? That difference used to be a big deal in the past, and someone might have even said like, you should make both your keyword, Los Angeles wedding photography.

and Los Angeles wedding photographers vary it up, mix it up. Again, we're reaching a point where it's like an AI search can know that those match the same thing. So should we check which one is more used? Sure. Ultimately, it comes down to what creates a better experience, better readability, all of that. So that's all it is. So step two of this is comparing it to actual search and seeing like, you know, what are the actual search volumes of these things? Let's actually walk through this, but I'm gonna give you an example before we kind of go.

through our own steps, right? Let's say you're a family photographer. You're based out of Salt Lake City, Utah, and we did our, we found our basic keywords, and now we got these results when we put it into, to evaluate like search volume. And usually search volume is gonna be like zero to 100, 100 to 1,000, 1,000 to, you know, some places might give you more specific numbers. But let's say that we got these results, okay? Salt Lake City family photographer gets zero, but Salt Lake City family photographers gets 109. And this isn't realistic because that would likely get.

quite a good amount. Family photographers in Salt Lake City gets five, photographers in Salt Lake City gets 73, but family photographers in Utah gets 146. This is not an actual search result, okay? Just know that. What I'm doing is illustrating a point here. Family photographers in Utah might have the most searches, but it's not the best and most relevant term because we don't know where in Utah this person is based. And if you are based out of Salt Lake City, then this is not a good search term.

because the number of people that might be in St. George or they might be in other areas of Utah that can't ever get to you are gonna be really high. So while that number is high, the relevance is fairly low. And that means that photographers in Salt Lake, you might think, well, that's the next best one or maybe that's a good one, right? Photographers in Salt Lake. But you don't know if they are family, like if they are looking for family photography, they could be looking for wedding photography, maybe commercial photography, you don't know. So again, topically, this isn't that relevant, right? So what we come up with is,

ultimately the best one would be this search term because it's on topic for what they would be looking for and it's the right location. So when we analyze the search results, we wanna make sure that we're taking those things into consideration. We're not just looking at the highest number, we're looking at the relevance of the search term and make sure it's relevant. Now I'm gonna give you tools for this. If you thought I was gonna leave you hanging, I'm not. So watch this. We built the brand strategist in step two, right? What we're gonna do is take this and go to...

to AI search, and I have my brand strategies pulled up. This already has my instructions in it. And remember, for the purpose of our exercises, I was building a Paris-based elopement photography business. So I'm gonna type that in, and it's just what you know about, or copy paste it in, what you know about my brand and location, what do you think my primary keyword should be? This is the broader keyword strategy that I use for my homepage. You're my brand expert, but let's also add SEO to your capabilities. Please research and tell me what you think my audience is searching for most, okay?

Now, we're going to get results from that and I'm going to show you something else that's pretty cool. A new thing that just came to ChatGBT literally today or yesterday or something. Okay, so what it says is, why is it saying Orange County? Did I change? Oh, I think I might have changed something along the way. Yeah, I think I actually started giving it, I had brand conversation strategist, yeah, see this OC elopement SEO strategy? That was part of my conversation set, so I'm actually going to delete this.

this, delete this, okay, and then do that one more time and let's see if it gets us results based on the previous. So just keep in mind that with your brand strategist, it's tracking the previous conversations and yeah, it's still stuck here. So what I would need to do is just remind it. Sometimes the conversations go long. This is a good thing to show you guys right now. So let's just do this. I might go back to, let's see, summarize, north and nests.

Brand strategy. Okay, I might start the conversation here. There we go. Okay, emotionally grounded elopement, destination wedding photography studio, perfect. So what you just saw was basically drift. So it's basically where it's pulling information from more recent conversations instead of what happened at the beginning. So if you encounter that, no big deal. That's why we created the instruction set. So do you remember the instruction set right here? This is why we developed the instruction set was to always be able to refer.