Okay, we're moving on to step six now, which kind of signifies the next section of the program, right, step six through 11. This is really where we dive into our marketing efforts. What we're gonna be doing throughout this section of the program is we'll be talking about these pain points, these topics, like how do I market my business? That includes like how do I generate leads, build relationships, all of that. What does an overall marketing strategy look like? That's a big part of specifically this module, this step specifically.

We'll discuss the idea of content marketing and why content marketing is so valuable and also compare it against kind of like paid ads because that is another marketing route that you can explore. We'll also discuss the role of SEO as well as AEO. AEO is basically AI search engine optimization or AI optimization, okay? We'll talk about that. We'll talk about how search engine optimization works and how it's gonna guide our overall marketing strategy but how it's not gonna necessarily be our focus. And then we'll go ahead.

and we're gonna set our actual primary and secondary or niche keywords as we finish this up. We'll talk about kind of how to choose them. Let's go ahead and get straight into this. I'm gonna again, give you a bit of a heads up. This is really fast paced. So I encourage you to pause, to implement, to repeat this process as you go. What again, I like to say is this entire program is not meant for you to sit down and shotgun, just like watch an entire bundle of modules and then go try to put it together.

It's meant for you to watch a lesson and implement and then go on to the next lesson. So I want you to kind of take that approach. As always, if you have questions in between sessions, you have the mentorship group, perfect place to ask questions, to seek advice. If ever you want me to respond to something, feel free to tag me. If you don't get a response within 24 business hours, tag me again. Sometimes posts can get lost, but just remind me. It's also a wonderful place, by the way, to share wins and aha moments. So with that, let's dive into the very first lesson.

Let's start with just kind of setting the tone for what we're going to do here by talking about what you've accomplished so far in the program, okay? So the first issue, 90% of us, the majority of us, we kind of ask this first question or this is the first bottleneck, the first major thing we run into is, well, how come I'm struggling to consistently attract the right leads, the right clients to my business? How come I'm having a hard time converting them into high paying clients? We've resolved this.

The entire first section of this program was to fix this. So steps one through five, let's go ahead and fix that leaky bucket. And remember, the idea of pushing into marketing, pushing into steps six through 11, the idea of marketing before you've actually established a brand that can convert views into actual leads, that's like trying to capture water with a broken bucket, right? So that's our leaky bucket syndrome. But at this point, your bucket should be good to go. It doesn't mean that your website is perfect.

It doesn't mean that everything is the way that it absolutely needs to be. We're trying to get over that perfectionist mindset and get it to 80%. In my book, 80% means you've got a brand that looks professional. It means that you've got the right focus. You know who you're speaking to, who your audience is, and the copy as well as the imagery and content on your website, on your social media, it reflects that. So once you're in this place, and of course, we need to have calls to action and all the other things that we kind of set up in the last modules we did the website.

Once you have those basics in place, you're 80% there. So that's the place for me where I'm like, you know, you're good to go. These, these 20% adjustments and kind of getting things just right. That's going to be something that you do over time. And I also want you to accept the idea that there's no such thing as perfect. You're always going to make little tweaks or want to at least, uh, but they aren't going to move the needle necessarily getting everything in your business from zero to 80% in terms of like branding and design, that's something you can accomplish.

within like say 40 to 80 hours of work, right? But getting it from 80% to 100%, not only is that rather impossible, but instead of 40 to 80 hours of work, that additional 20% might take you four to 500 hours. And we get to a place where it's just, the juice isn't worth the squeeze. And once you're at that 80% mark, that's no longer your major bottleneck. Generally, once you get the business to that professional level, then our bottleneck becomes, well, now we.

We need more views, we need more eyeballs. And that's where we move on to this next phase. So at this point, your bucket should be good to go. If not, what I'm gonna say is pause here, continue this section. If you wanna watch the lessons, by all means, but I wouldn't recommend implementing until you've actually completed steps one through five, otherwise you run into leaky bucket syndrome. So like I mentioned, the next bottleneck, once you have a decent, not perfect, but a decent brand presence and website, the next bottleneck is gonna be,

How do I drive views? How do I get more traffic over to this so that I can convert them into actual leads? And that brings us to the next problem that we're gonna run into, right? And this is usually the first problem that everybody says they have. The first thing is, well, how do I generate consistent leads? How do I get more leads? This is the thing that is the largest pain point that we generally think we need to fix when we jump into like starting a photography business is I've launched my business, how do I get more leads? But we had to do the.

our own work before we can actually effectively do this. Now though, steps six through 11, I can show you exactly how to do this, and that's what we're here to accomplish. So these steps is gonna be, well, generating a consistent marketing pipeline that becomes high-paying clients, okay? So the goal here, I'm gonna primarily focus on showing you how to organically drive tons of the right views to your brand and website. What I mean is organically versus.

Artificially, artificial would be like paid ads, right? Paid versus like organic views. That's what we're gonna be here focusing on. Now, I will be completely honest. Generally, when we are in this phase where we're struggling to generate consistent leads, what we tend to think the mindset issues, the self-limiting beliefs that we run into is what you see here, okay? It's thoughts like, well, I just wanna take pictures. I don't wanna market my business. I'm a creative. I'm not a business person. I kind of need you to.

is step into the role of being a business person. And truthfully, the fact that you have to market is actually a good thing overall because that is the barrier to entry. It's a significant barrier to entry that's gonna make you stand out because the majority of photographers who say they wanna do this professionally, they never actually end up really marketing themselves at all. And so this is a very easy way to stand out, oddly enough. The idea of I can't market, I don't know how. Well, that's what step six through 11 is gonna literally show you how to do step by step. And it is.

an efficient way, okay? The idea that lead generation is too expensive, it's really not, especially when we focus on generating long-term assets. We're gonna build marketing assets that deliver value to you over the course of years. So lead generation does not have to be expensive. The idea that you hate social media, you don't wanna dance. Okay, I get the perception of this, but that's not what social media has to be, nor what I'm gonna be teaching you to do. Social media is gonna be simply showing what you do.

do, showing your personality, connecting with your audience. And once you kind of get past the idea of it, and once you get past maybe a little bit, the workflow and how to do it, it's actually going to be a process that I think you, the majority of you is going to find enjoyable and it gives you direct feedback on your business, which I think is really cool and fun. Um, this idea of, well, even if I get leads, they're just going to ghost me. No, because steps 12 through 16 is the entire sales roadmap. So that once you're getting leads, you're actually able to convert them in a very.

effective way. Okay, I don't have time to market my work. This is a big one, right? And that's why this entire structure of our marketing system is something that I expect to maybe take four to six hours once it's established. When you're establishing this process, I will say it's gonna take a bit more time, but once you're getting it moving, once you understand the process, I want you to be able to complete it with basically like an hour a day tops, or you can even front load and do the work at certain times, okay? So like once a week, you do your most of your marketing work.

The other idea of SEO, AO, all this stuff is complicated. I'm almost gonna make this as simple as possible. I'm gonna give you tools and everything along the way. So we're gonna address all these components as we work through. All right, let's jump to the next lesson. Okay, I think this is an important one. What is marketing and marketing strategy? Let's spend just a brief minute here. So marketing, I want this to be a really simple concept, something that you can internalize and not make.

it to be this monster that's really bigger than it is. Okay. Making it simple. Marketing is getting people to care about what you're offering because they see the value behind what you do and made maybe even more simple. Marketing is just showing people what you do. Okay. That's the entire premise here. And what we're going to do is wrap that up in a couple of different ways that are actually effective, but ultimately all we're doing when we're marketing is showing people what we do and why it can be valuable to them.

right? The key in this process is knowing exactly who that person is that you're marketing to. It's knowing what they want, what they might fear, and how your offer fits them meaningfully. But that's, again, all the things that we accomplish in steps one through five. It's again why I'm saying if you haven't completed those steps, there's no point in moving forward. Now, overall, the strategy that we're going to do is or what I would say a good marketing strategy is think about it like a table that has four

or more legs. I don't know why you'd have more legs on a table, but you could. So the idea is that if a table has four legs and you remove one leg of it, it can still stand on its own, right? That's the premise here that I want you to think of when it comes to your marketing strategy. And what that means is I don't want you to be over-reliant on any one particular thing. If you build a table with just three legs, then as soon as you remove one, that table's gonna flop over, right? And none of us would build a table with one leg. But you get the idea. The more.

in your marketing plan, the more one thing can fall away without overly affecting the business. So here is what a funnel could potentially look like. If we're looking at, this is a funnel, it's a way of basically, what we're essentially doing since you started the program, is we're building the top end of this funnel. Meaning like, this is the place where people learn about our brand, and we start giving them a reason to click in to continue down this funnel. Where next step might be, okay, now.

We have their contact info, now we do the sales call, now we close or they enter into our newsletter if they don't close. This is a funnel, right? So we generate a process of getting leads and you can have a number of different steps. What I gave you was a very simple idea of a funnel. But at the top end of this is all the things that we might do, all the marketing efforts that we might do to actually generate views, right? So you have content marketing, organic search, paid ads, lead magnets, giveaways.

Local search, I think I doubled up on organic. So let's say AI search, events and shows, client referrals, vendor referrals, partner referrals, venue referrals, Instagram, Pinterest, YouTube. All these are different ways that you can generate views. Now, at first, this looks very daunting. And the first thing I'm gonna say is some of these might not even apply to you based on the niche of photographer that you are, right? But the fear is, well, am I gonna have to do all of these things? It's gonna take me forever to learn.

this. It's going to take me 20 to 40 hours a week to do this. The idea here is very simple. What I'm going to say is marketing does not need to take all your time, but it does need to be something that you don't absolutely hate, and I'm going to help you to not hate it. And it's going to be, like I said, as simple as showing what you do. And what we're going to do is start with one, okay? Start with one within the framework that I'm going to give you, and then you're going to layer one leg of your table after another to kind of

build up this strategy that's not overly reliant on one place. Now for each of you, the legs that you choose to build might look a little bit different, right? The way that you build this table is going to look a little bit different from somebody else. And I want that to be the case because I want your table to fit the things that you enjoy doing most. There are certain things that I will say are kind of, some are kind of non-negotiables, but even then what I really want you to understand is if you decide if you, if this is your strategy.

your table and you say, you know, pie, I really hate social media. I will tell you, okay, that's a, that's a big leg. In my opinion, it's a bit of a non-negotiable, but that's okay. You want to take away that thing. First, I want you to take it away for the right reasons, but let's say you want to take away that thing. Then you need to lean into something else harder. So if you're going to take away one important aspect of this plan, then you might need to lean harder on say client referrals, vendor referrals.

partner referrals, something else to compensate. But what we don't wanna do is build a business that's only one thing. One of the things that I constantly see right now is coaches encouraging photographers to build a business purely based on paid ads. Now, there's nothing wrong with incorporating paid ads into your marketing strategy. The issue is that when your business is purely reliant on paid ads, you live and die by the effectiveness of those ads. And if and when, which this is always the case,

that paid ads go from being effective to less effective over time. As soon as they become less effective, your business no longer is functioning. And if you don't have a runway, it can straight up fail. So I don't mind you choosing any one of these things, even paid ads. What I just want you to consider is we wanna build something that is, has multiple lead generation sources that are going into our funnel, not just one, okay? But again, we're gonna start with one. I'm gonna give you an approach and a framework on how to do this. The exact steps.

of what I would do, but this is the overall goal and what we're here to do in steps six through 11. All right, let's go to the next lesson. Let's go into what is organic marketing versus basically the idea of paid marketing, right? Paid ads, and why not basically start with paid ads, okay? So first, I'm going to ask this question of which party would you rather go to, right? If these were two parties, if this is one that you walked by on the street and this is one that you saw. If this is one that you saw.

you know, at a stadium, everyone's having fun. Which of these two things would you rather go to? Now, most of us, if we're talking about a party and we're not looking to get murdered, would probably choose the one on the right, right? We want to choose the restaurant that's already busy. We wanna choose the place, maybe not overly packed, but at least has some people in there. We tend to find that it's a bit of a red flag when, you know, we see a business and nobody is patronizing that business. Nobody's going to that business, right? A restaurant with no people in it, a party that doesn't have a line.

or we can't even tell that there's people inside, all those things. This in a nutshell is content marketing. Jose said, yeah, sometimes a few of you have responded with like, I would go to the one on the left. And Jose said, my survival instincts are terrible. Yes, don't do it. Don't do the one on the left, just for the sake of principle and staying alive. Look, content marketing is basically the idea of just creating valuable content for your audience while making your party feel full.

right, and along the way we're basically generating long-term marketing assets, which means a long-term marketing asset is something that continues to pay dividends, even if you're not actually actively working at it, right? Paid ads, these are only effective so long as you're paying for them, so they're short-term marketing assets. Whereas content marketing, everything we're gonna be doing is gonna become a long-term marketing asset, so something that's gonna pay over time. So what are examples of this? And don't worry, I'm gonna give.

view concrete guidance through all this and very tactical guidance. But just at a high level, making your party look full can come from all these different ways, right? We could be publishing and talking about paid client shoots. We could be showing test or concept shoots. We don't have to say they're test shoots or concept shoots. We just show our work, right? These are shoots with friends and family. Again, we don't have to distinguish who it is that we're photographing. Styled shoots, contests and giveaways, purposeful spec work. This is like, you want to get a fitness.

brand, so you're going to do some fitness shoots with an influencer or something to create the material that you would need to approach that brand. All of these are examples of how you can make your party look full, make it look like you're busy because you are busy. Whether it's you're shooting with, whether you're working with paid clients or whether you're practicing for the work that you want to do or generating content for the work you want to create, the clients that you want to bring in, you are busy, right? So that's the idea of this. What I want to say...

is this content marketing is generally only effective. So this is the big but behind it. It's only effective when you're showing imagery or providing inspiration value that resonates with your target audience. This is why I'm huge into this idea of like look, I don't want you just to go out and plan test shoots and go to these workshops and go to these conferences just to go and build your portfolio when you don't know who you're actually marketing to.

because there's a huge chance, a 90% chance, that the images you create are gonna have nothing to do with the actual audience you're trying to appeal to. So understand that content marketing, whether it comes in the form of imagery, whether it comes in the form of an article, whether it's a post, I don't care what it is, it's only effective if it resonates with your target audience, which means we have to know who that is, right? The other thing I'm gonna say is this. I want you to think of content marketing, we kind of have that idea, this long.

term marketing asset, right? When we look at paid ads, I want you to think of it as like renting. Okay. You're renting a direct marketing effort. So you're renting the, the platform, whatever platform you're choosing to basically get these views made for you, right? To get, to get people to act quickly. So we think of paid ads as a short-term marketing asset and they can be very effective. The, the only trick is you need a course much like this one to really, or, or a professional.

professional who already knows how to do this to be able to implement it for you to actually be very effective. So there's a lot of things on that side that might prevent us from going this route. But the idea here is that you're renting time and space to get those eyeballs. When you stop paying, you're no longer getting those eyeballs. Now why would we want, say, paid ads or why would we want content marketing over paid ads? And we're going to talk about the disadvantages too, okay? It's not like one of these things is just the...

king of all things, right? So the first thing, advantages of content marketing over paid advertising is that generally you have a six times higher conversion rate, right? Now, this is a little bit of a, well, we'll talk about that in just a moment, okay? Up to 600% higher conversion rate with this side. The reason why is because as you're giving people value and you're helping them, you're showing them what you do, you're giving them inspiration, you effectively are creating more consumer trust. This is something that they're actively.

interested in, they like to see, it's not just an ad that's served to them at a time that maybe they're not that interested in that thing, right? Or they're not ready yet for a purchase. So there's a big difference in terms of the psychology and seeing an ad versus seeing a piece of content that we appreciate, that we enjoy, right? It's also effective as a long-term asset. And you might go, well, but Pi on social media, if you post something, it's pretty much buried within a couple of days. First, that's not necessarily the case. Those will get served up over time.

even on social media, whether it's YouTube, whether it's Instagram, they get served up over time. But the other thing too is that you're not only relying on like, you're not only using the views from those videos, you're also building an actual audience there, right? People that are following you. So if you have 10,000, 20,000, 30,000, 40,000 people following you and a future bride or a future, you know, portrait client sees that, there's a lot of trust there in the fact that you already have a lot of people at your party, okay? So this is a long-term asset, seeing.

It's one form of credibility, of social proof that your party is full. It's not the thing that matters most, but it is one form of social proof. So at a minimum, we're still building that, right? So we get long-term assets out of this, and I'm gonna teach you how to make it even more effective long-term. It's also free, and what I mean by free is it's not necessarily free all said and done because it does take your time, but what I mean is there's no out-of-pocket cost, right? Which is a big deal when we're just launching our business, and maybe we're struggling to like, we don't wanna.

to keep spending on things like paid ads, especially if we're not sure if it's gonna be effective yet, right? We wanna keep expenses low. There are disadvantages, and this would be the advantage of paid ads. When it's done effectively, paid advertising can result in an immediate result, okay? That was a weird way of saying that. But the effect of paid advertising can come very quickly versus content marketing generally has a bit of a runway. We need to be doing it consistently for two, three months

before we start seeing an effect, all right? So that is the biggest advantage to paid ads is that side. Also the ability to put the ad directly in front of people that are basically in the exact phase that we need them to be in terms of buying, right? There's an ability to target. Targeting your audience is much more clinical and precise in a paid ad versus say organic where it's served to people that have a general interest in something, okay?

and we don't really have much control as far as who sees it. All right, but here's another why of content marketing. I took this screenshot towards the, it was about a year ago, the beginning of 2024, and I was showing basically our website traffic over the slowest three months of the year. So this is search traffic just from Google Console over the 28 days, and what I wanna show you is there's 1.3 million impressions, and the reason why I'm not showing you like a version of this right now is because it's...

We are using some paid ads right now. I want you to see only organic views right now, or from the screenshot. So this is only organic traffic. We had 20,000 total clicks, 1.3 million impressions, 19,000 unique visitors, and 274 of them converted, okay? This is on a website that we haven't worked on in years, like literally since probably 2018, 2019 was the last time we touched the website. We haven't generated content for the website in years. We haven't done anything with this, and it's still generating.

rating views, and if our goal was to, again, maximize revenue from Lininger, so the first place I would go is, well, if we've got 20,000 visitors, let's build a system to get better conversions. I wouldn't even look at trying to get more impressions. Let's raise our conversion rate. But again, for us, it's, we're at a different place in our business and whatnot. What I want you to understand is that these five years later, the work that we had done on the marketing side was still having a massive impact on our business.

our views, our leads, everything. This is the beauty of content marketing and why I don't want you to dismiss it. There's another beauty behind this. I'm gonna show you an entire system of how to do this. I'm gonna show you how to make effective shorts. I'm gonna show you how to make effective articles. I'm gonna show you all of it. But let's show you one side of, this was when I was publishing for Adorama TV. They brought me on to create shorts for them and all I did was use my framework to create different videos that would.

appeal to their audience, right? So people that are interested in photography, people that are interested in gear, all that kind of stuff. The circled ones, five natural light portrait tips, you know, park portraits with open shade, light painted portraits made simple, these are all the videos that I created. Notice how next to them, these videos are performing 10, anywhere between like five to 20 times more views than their typical. Their typical number of views was somewhere in like the 10 to 20,000 range. I actually picked this screenshot because.

Most of the time they're never even approaching close to 40K. It's more like, you know, between 10 and 20K that they would receive. But look at the performance of these ones. 270,000, 104,000. And the only difference here is content that's designed with a bit of purpose behind it. And I'm gonna show you that entire approach. I took the same model and I applied it to friends that I was coaching. Like this was a business that I was coaching. She asked me to help her like understand social media better. So what I did was, this was a few years ago. What I did was I took the exact.

same video that she had and I rewrote the material based on what I'm again gonna give you. And we published the same video 10 days later. So it wasn't like we waited a while. It was like the exact same topic, the exact same video 10 days later. It did 87 times better. So 870,000 views compared to 10,000 views. My friends, this takes all of 30 minutes. These are videos that are recorded with a phone and it's simply good ideas, good material.

Life Coach, so she's giving a simple lesson on something. With the right approach, you can generate substantial amounts of views. And for context, if I was paying for 870,000 impressions, that's a lot of money. I would probably need to spend around, well, it's a lot. Let's just say, I'm gonna throw a ballpark number out there, this isn't even an accurate number, but let's say that we're paying $5, or more realistic, let's say $10 for 1,000 impressions, okay?

Okay, $10 for a thousand impressions. This would have cost me, so a thousand times 873,000. That would have cost me $8,700 to do this. So what I want you to see in this is that organic marketing when it's done well, those views are valuable. And on top of that, that there's a, I wish I would have built this slide in. I need you to understand that the number of views is not necessarily the most important thing. A lot of us get down on something

when a video only reaches or something that we post only reaches 250 or 500 people. But if you think about that, that's huge. 500 people is enough to fill an entire lecture room, an entire stage where the people, all that matters is that those 500 people are actually interested in what we're saying. What's far more important than the views is the targeting. It's the way that we're creating the content, making sure that it appeals to our target audience. Because if you get 500 views on something that is direct.

directly related to your client's experience and what they're looking for, you're gonna get conversions, okay? You're gonna get leads from that. So I don't want you to get lost in this. What I simply want you to understand from seeing this is that with the right framework, holy crap, we can get so many targeted good views out of social media, and I don't want you to sleep on that idea. None of this, by the way, required any sort of dancing, anything goofy. This is literally just giving thoughts, advice, speaking to the pain points.

that the audience is having okay now if you need another reason why so here's why part three why not start with paid ads well this is my take is that until you understand your audience until you understand ad copy and creative high converting landing page design and paid until you understand all those components uh paid ads are generally going to be a waste of money now what i've found is that typically somebody needs around two to three years in their business

before they really know their audience, before they really know what resonates with them, before they truly have defined their niche and their approach and the value that they're doing. Like it takes us a few years to understand this. So in my opinion, the best way to learn paid advertising is actually to understand organic marketing. Because organic marketing is this beautiful window. If you've got a piece of organic content that lands and you're like, man, this thing, this thing performed 80 times better, 10 times better, 50 times better.

than my average, then you go, okay, now I'm going to make a piece of paid ad content that follows the exact same approach with a call to action on it. Now you have a very effective paid ad and you, you got there by basically making organic content. So in my opinion, organic is actually the best filter for what it is that you want to do in terms of paid content. It's also the best training machine for it too. And you're, you're benefiting along the way.

Last thing I'm gonna say is this, and this number, I think, is actually low. I think we're closer to 40 million, but I asked Justin to safely, conservatively, come up with what we've generated in terms of studio revenue over the past 15 years. So we're, conservatively, we've generated over $30 million of revenue before we ever touched paid ads, meaning we did touch paid ads early. We just sucked at it. We got no result from it, and so we quit. And so we focused purely on just organic.

marketing over those 15 years, uh, until like just this last year. Now you might be asking like, why this last year are we doing some paid ads? Like I said, think of marketing as that table, right? If we're going to say, okay, the partners are busy with families. Now we're, I'm working on education. Justin just wants to do the management side. Chris wants to build other things and all of us want to spend more time with our families. And if, if none of us are willing to do the organic content side anymore,

then we have to give up something, right? So in our position right now, it's like, okay, well, we've already done all this. We'll let that stuff continue. And right now we'll supplement what we don't wanna do with paid ads because we know how to do it at this point. So that's the only reason that going into 2025, we've kind of are like kind of shifting our focus a bit. And since 2019, we've just been lazy mother effers. We just been like, okay, we're doing fine. We don't need to do anything. But look, I need you to understand that this was all.

accomplished from organic marketing efforts, okay? There's so much potential here that you can do. And I'm not saying you need to build a seven figure studio at all. What I'm saying is don't sleep on this. Don't sleep on organic because most people do and they don't realize what exactly they're giving up, okay? The focus here throughout this program is to teach you organic marketing. My goal is to help you build this lead generation funnel that continues to deliver value over time. Now what I will say is this. If you.

want to go into paid ads, I'm not gonna focus this program on it here because honestly, we would need to have a completely separate space, a separate coaching environment to do paid ads because there's so much there to cover. From landing page design to how to put together creative copy, how to put together good creatives, what do you do in offers, how do you actually analyze results, how do you modify running multiple campaigns, A-B testing, there's so much there that this is a separate program and there's so much potential here that we don't need it. So.

So I won't say not to do it, but if that's something you want to explore, this is my suggestion, my advice to make it effective. So number one is make sure, make sure, make sure your brand is dialed. So you've completed steps one through five in this program. In fact, you can think of everything inside of 10K, 2K as the prerequisite to ever doing that, okay? To ever doing paid advertising. Because if you don't have the ability to, well, like steps one through five, convert views into leads, okay? Steps six through 11.

Let's have leads coming from other places other than paid ads. So we're not overly reliant on it. So it's not live or die by paid ads and steps 12 through 16 is, or 15 is closing. Right. If you can't close again, what's the point in running paid ads? So all the stuff here is basically the prerequisite for it, but. Required, required, required is, is steps one through five. You need to also have an offer that's dialed. This is conversion design. Okay. This is a bit different than like designing a homepage of a website. This is landing.

design or conversion design, which is a different, uh, strategy. We need three months of ad budget runway, which means that on top of like the expense of say, hiring somebody to help you or going to a coach, an educational program, you need to have at least three months of ad budget runway where you're not expecting to make money. I would recommend finding a trusted coach or program. I'm actually trying to figure out, uh, on this side, like who we can potentially bring in if those of you that want to go somewhere, someone that we can recommend on that.

side, but for right now, uh, let me just leave it there. And then only effective while paying, we have to remember that it's only effective while paying and that adds fatigue with time, meaning you need to understand that once you have a paid ad that's working, I hear this all the time. Someone says, oh man, I just got to get my paid ads dialed. And then once they're done, I'm just going to keep running them, keep scaling them. That's not the way paid ads work. As you scale a paid ad, it becomes less efficient. And over time it becomes less efficient as well. You're.

ability, the, the entire premise of, of doing paid advertising is all about. Efficiency design. It's all about how do I boost conversion rates by a small amount, because that makes a massive difference overall. So ads are going to fatigue and you're constantly going to be in the process of revamping and tweaking and adjusting. This becomes your focus in your work. When you're going this route, I don't want to discourage you from it. I want you to have a clear picture of what this is so that you're not. Convinced by someone.

that this is your silver bullet. There is no such thing, okay? There is no silver bullet. What I'm giving you, in my opinion, is the silver bullet. It's the one that, and even then, I would qualify it and say it's not that because it still takes a substantial amount of time, but once you're generating organic content, it's this thing that's gonna continue delivering for your business over time. I'll show you how exactly we're gonna do it. Okay, I think we're done here. Let's jump to the next lesson. Okay, let's start getting.

bit into the weeds with top-down marketing design. And the first idea is what is top-down marketing design? So, as I mentioned, this entire module is about building a kind of content marketing roadmap, okay? We're not gonna get deep into like the nuts and bolts here. We're gonna save that for the next module. What we're doing is staying high level and we're building a roadmap of what these marketing efforts are gonna look like. The reason we're doing this is because of this pain point.

This isn't an unrealistic pain point. I just don't have enough time. That is a very realistic thing, right? We don't have enough time to spend 40 hours a week trying to push our brands. So we do need to budget some time each week for marketing, but we need to make sure that system is efficient. And that's the entire premise of top-down marketing design. So this is how we basically took Lin & Jersa from zero to a multi seven-figure-a-year business by doing this over the course of like.

two, three years, okay? And you're gonna get results quicker. I'm saying we didn't hit the $2 million mark until like our fourth, fifth year in business. But our second year in business, within the first year, we actually had replaced our income. Second year in business, we were making more than we were making at our jobs. This is exactly the structure of how we did it, okay? The concept is one of leverage, okay? And that's why I named the framework Leverage. The idea behind this is we're gonna create one,

valuable piece of content, and then we're gonna leverage that piece of content and repurpose it to maximize the effectiveness of it, okay? So leverage in a nutshell, and I'm gonna give you the steps of this in just a second, but this framework in a nutshell is we take one valuable piece of Evergreen SEO-ready content so what this would be is like, let's say you have an article that would go onto your resource page on your website or it could go into your blog as well. But maybe it's, you know, how do I find the

perfect wedding photographer. Maybe it's how to plan a family portrait shoot. Maybe it's what do I wear to my boudoir session. It's something that helps your client in their journey. It's something that answers a question that all of them are asking or wondering, right? We start with this piece and we create it for the website first because then we can allow it to start getting effectiveness or gaining effectiveness in both SEO and AEO. SEO is search and optimization. AEO is AI.

engine optimization, okay? So we allow it to start being kind of popular, like crawled and used and all these different high level functions. Then what we do is we take that same piece of content and we start breaking it down. Maybe we wanna do a long form video for YouTube. Maybe we wanna break it, like to me, a non-negotiables, like let's break it into short form videos for social media. Maybe we're gonna put it into our newsletter. Maybe we're gonna create a lead magnet from it. Then we go even further. We can repeatedly.

these assets across social media this is how we we effectively distribute right we can send it out through emails we can also use it for collaborating with partners as well so leverage in a nutshell starting with one piece and then basically breaking it into multiple pieces and the reason why this is so powerful is because most people think at this level most of us start backwards with our content marketing approach right we just go what should i be posting to social media what should i you know how should i reach out

out to these vendors? How should I collaborate with somebody? Most of us think from this approach and nothing is guided, which means that we're not creating any long-term assets. There's no vision of how we're gonna use these components. And what we're doing is just grinding our way to views and hopefully leads. And even if you manage to get leads, oh my goodness, this approach is working 10 times harder for the same amount of result, okay? So think, you know, working 40 hours a week as instead of.

hours a week, and yet you generate the same number of leads. So again, the reminder, this is exactly how we built out LinenJersa. It's exactly what we do for each of our brands, each of the companies that we work with. Yes, it works. It's how you get long-term marketing assets into your business, and yes, it works for our alumni as well. I want to get more than just Tom in here, but Tom last year was implementing all this stuff and he jumped from 57th to top 10 within his niche in a very short period of time.

and this continues to have results. Now think of this as a snowball effect, right? If I can get you to rank for even images in Google, if I can get you to pop up for an AI search, if I can get more views and more eyeballs to your business, it's not just about those views and those immediate leads that come through. Once you get those leads and those bookings, you get to go on those shoots and you're creating more content from the shoots itself. So you're now generating more marketing from that. And then.

and you're also collaborating with people. You're meeting people on a shoot, maybe other venues, maybe vendors, maybe they're just potential partners, maybe you're just expanding your network. So as I get you out and you're getting paid to go and do these shoots, you're also building more marketing assets to utilize. So it's not just about the one side of getting more views or just jumping up in your Google ranking or any of those things. This is about how it impacts, how one thing from the top can have a snowball effect moving down. And remember, the whole concept of the program is 1% better.

better every day. This is how we get there, okay? 1% better every day over the course of a year, two, three, four years, it'll make a massive difference. You'll be in a completely different place in just a matter of months. So the leverage framework is basically a balanced approach to marketing. What we're doing is we're using social media kind of as our short-term marketing lever. This is how we get immediate views, how we get people onto our business right away. And then we're kind of building in, we're starting with like this long-term.

approach, right? This is the SEO, the AEO content ready piece that's going to have effect over time. We have lead magnets that can help us to generate leads over time. This is kind of the longer strategy that's built into this while we have the short-term strategy kind of, you know, at whatever social media might be popular at the time. Right now most of it's going to be on Instagram, but that could shift, that could change. So leverage is kind of a balanced approach for this. We're working on short-term views while also balancing long-term.

long-term marketing, okay? One more time, if we have no niche, or if you have multiple niches, if we haven't figured out steps one through five at this point, you're gonna start seeing how it's impossible to do this, because marketing without a niche is virtually impossible. You don't know who you're talking to. You have to create, or even if you're marketing with multiple niches, right? Oh, you mean I gotta create this for my wedding client? I also gotta create this for my senior portrait client? Oh, I also gotta create this for my headshot client? We don't have enough time, and we become spread too thin very quickly.

and if we are constantly publishing topics that vary all over the place, it doesn't look like we know what we're doing or who we're speaking to. So this is, again, the place where we have to really dial in, okay? Now, I know you want examples of the leverage framework. I'm literally gonna give you the entire framework in just a moment. And as far as lead magnet goes, lead magnets are like, let's say you are an elopement brand, right? And maybe my focus is elopements in Paris.

Well, one of the most common things that my clients would want is the elopement guide to Paris, like how to plan the perfect elopement. So not only would that be an article on my website, but once I'm done with the article on my website, then I would actually put it into a lead magnet. So when someone lands on my website, they would get a little pop-up that goes, Hey, would you like my elopement planning guide? And then they can put in their info and then, you know, I get their phone number, I get their email and then I send them the PDF guide on how to plan. So it's a valuable asset.

That helps them in their client journey. Okay. Now let me show you the actual leverage framework. So what we're going to do is lead with strategic content. So the L is lead with strategic content. That means we start with an SEO or AEO ready, high impact resource that's valuable to your audience and your potential clients. This is going to land on our website. Then the E we expand it into long form content. This one's going to be optional. This is long form would be like YouTube or.

or you could even do longer Instagram videos and whatnot. But what's nice about these is they're great for embedding onto your website. And again, don't stress the entire point of having modules six through 11 is to give you actual tactical steps on how to do every single one of these things. Right now, we're keeping this high level focusing on what we're gonna be doing throughout the next series of steps so that you understand the premise, okay? So I'll show you how to expand it in the long form. This one for me is kind of a non-negotiable.

and to viralize it, the V is viralize it with short form content. So we take that big article and we start breaking it up. We can usually get four to five different pieces of short form content for social media out of one single article. So if this was the elopement guide to Paris weddings, then one piece of this might be, here are my five favorite locations for this in Paris, right? And it might be a simple piece from this lead magnet, from the article that would go into my short form.

Okay, I'm gonna give you more examples also as we go. So don't stress if I'm like Pi, my niche isn't that. Don't worry, we're gonna apply this to every one of your niches. I'm gonna give you the tools to do that too. Then we can take the same content and we can build it into an email or nurture sequence. So when somebody actually signs up for our newsletter, our PDF, we can actually take the same material that we've been putting onto our website and just copy paste into a nurture sequence or into an email sequence to welcome them and say, hey, welcome aboard, I have this guide.

And now you have an actual client experience where they registered and they're like, oh, as soon as I registered, you know, Karen sent me this beautiful guide that showed me exactly what the next steps would look like and what could help me in this process. And we start building relationships with people that we haven't even talked to yet. Next piece is to repurpose and reshare. The beautiful thing is all the content we're creating, we're gonna house into a content library where you can easily access it, where you can share it, where you can continue to reshare over time. When you've published something to social media, it gets about.

60, maybe more like a 30-day window. So usually around the 60 to 90-day mark, that's a great time to republish something that did well. Ideally, when you republish it, you make a slight tweak to it. Maybe you adjust the hook a little bit. Maybe you use a different piece of music. But you can republish because people that are coming to your social media, they're constantly changing. And it's not like your entire audience is seeing everything you publish anyway. So publishing something 60 or 90 days after it was first published is totally doable. It's what it's made for. Short-form content is meant to be reused.

So we're building a library of assets in this, then we're going to amplify via partnerships. So whenever you featured a vendor, a venue, a location, anything, you can literally reach out to them, say, Hey, I just featured you in this last social media post or on my website. I even gave you a link back. I'd love to sit down for coffee. Holy shit. Now you've done something beneficial for them upon reach out. And of course they want to have coffee with you because you're already helping them in their business. You've already linked to them. Plus, if you start cracking on social media, they're going to be.

Be like, can you show me how you did this? And believe me, they'll be sending you business just to help them in theirs, okay? This is also where we wanna grow the community. So what we wanna do is make sure that each call to action that we're using is bringing people into our own email newsletter, okay? Think of all the audiences, Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, these are rented audience. Just because people subscribe to you does not mean that they are your audience. It's YouTube's platform, it's Instagram's platform. Always think of it as I'm.

renting space from these platforms. So we want to do is with the content that we're publishing, give people a reason. Again, that's where a lead magnet comes into play. Give people a reason with each video. You doesn't have to be every single one, but to come to you and to pick up, Hey, if you like this, download my free lead magnet. You can find the link in my bio, give them a reason to come to you and to actually give them, give you their information so you can pull them into your community and not simply rely on the platforms we want.

to do is use the platforms, understand it's rented space, looking to grow our own space, okay? And then from here, you just experiment and expand the buckets. We're gonna talk about buckets. Buckets is my concept of like, different types of content we're creating, okay? A talking head piece where I give tips just like this. I might have a behind the scenes piece. So I have a behind the scenes bucket. I have a talking head bucket. So I'm gonna expand and try different things. Maybe I try, you know, viral hooks as a bucket. Things that work, I keep.

doing I lean into things that don't I drop I move away from right but we keep experimenting expanding again I'm gonna give you the entire thing here so please don't be overwhelmed with this right now we're gonna start with the top lead with strategic content so we're simply gonna start by understanding SEO and I'm gonna give you the approach to that and then we're gonna expand it into each of these other things as you work through each step in the program okay what I'm gonna mention is there's three E's I didn't make this

This is just good marketing. This has been used in marketing for actually quite some time. Some people argue it's the four E's. I think it's bullshit. You got enough E's, you don't need more E's, we get the idea. The three E's of good content is simply this. Each piece of content, you can design content that does one of these things, like educates, it empowers them with knowledge or information. You can design a piece of content that engages, it gives them relevant content, news, information, something that makes them wanna like, share, discuss something, or it can make it entertaining, right? Content can be that.

It can be fast-paced, visually dynamic, it can be funny, dramatic, all those things. The best content is a little bit of a sweet spot. It kind of hits all three of these. So if we are some sort of a headshot photographer, we might create something that's entertaining. And entertaining is, it always needs to fall into like your personality. If your brand isn't really, if you yourself aren't humorous, then that shouldn't be the way that you entertain, right? If you yourself are quirky, then lean into that side of entertaining, right?

Entertaining can mean a lot of things. I find things that are educational and interesting also entertaining, okay? So just understand we don't need to become comedians here. We don't need to be musicians, but we need to create something that is somewhat entertaining. But let's say you're doing headshots, right? We wanna make something that can educate, something that can engage them. And so what I might do is to make it entertaining, I might say, hey, hey, look, instead of a crappy shot like this, try this instead. And this is literally how I built my, I started.

a TikTok experiment back in 2022 or something like that, 2021. And I got it to 1.4 million followers in six months by literally that hook. Hey, instead of doing this, try this. And I would kind of make it quirky and fun. Like I, I like to, Hey dummy, instead of doing this, like I do try this instead, you know, so it's a little bit self-deprecating it's a little bit, you know, but that works so incredibly well. It's entertaining. You're going to educate them. It's engaging. Hey, what'd you think about this at the end? Give it a shot. Let me know what you think, right?

I'm going to give you ideas on exactly how to do this as we move forward. I just want you to have in mind whether we're writing a piece of content for your website, whether it is a video, whether it's short form, whether it's long form, whether it's a newsletter, whether it's, it doesn't matter what it is, whether it's a lead magnet, there's these three E's of good content. By the way, one of the easiest ways to entertain that I know every one of you are likely going to overlook is just putting your own personality into it.

It's the same thing that I've been having you do on your website. You're about you page. Build your personality into this process and immediately you gain an entertainment factor there that most people don't have because most people aren't generating human kind of content. And believe me, going to this AI world, being human in your content is gonna be a very real form of entertainment, all right? So these are the three E's. This is the leverage framework. Now let's start unpacking and working step-by-step.

through each component. If I started over, here is where I would put my time. This is an idea, this is a glimpse, this is by no means what you have to do. I'm just giving you an idea of what to me would be like non-negotiables, what would to me would be the things that I would do, the things that I feel like are most effective. So early in business, I'm gonna say this, and I gave the fingers like a little pinch, because there's, you know, embrace the grind is this overall

sort of philosophy that I would say has almost become toxic in our culture, especially among millennials. Like, I don't know, it's all over the place. This grind mentality where it's like, I don't know, I get the purpose of grinding, but I want to realize, like we have to realize that grinding is the equivalent of sprinting, okay? Now, you might be able to run a marathon by sprinting a small portion of that marathon, but there is no way you're gonna complete a marathon if you try to sprint the whole thing, right? You're gonna burn out.

real quick. So what we do, what we recognize is that there's moments of grinding. Okay. Early in business is a moment of grinding. And that's why I say embrace the grind with a pinch. Like just you need a pinch of this from time to time because long-term it's not sustainable. So early in business, I would say expect to spend around 10 to 20 hours as you're learning how to market, as you're getting things moving with a bit of time. And I mean, this can be very quick. It all depends on how much you, you focus on like.

improving your process right from the beginning, right? With a bit of time, this can drop to around three to five hours a week. For me, I would say that marketing could be, it really should be four to six hours a week on average, right, and what I try to do is just front load it. So I'll generally do all the marketing work one day of the month, then the rest of the month, I'm kind of like just distributing and publishing as I go. And if you get to a point where you're like, you know, I've got 1,000 bucks to burn, what I would do is just allow someone else to publish it.

You create the marketing assets, the content there, and 500 to 1,000 bucks and someone else will handle the publishing and distribution of that, which can save you a bit of time, right? But let's not worry about that right now because this needs to be in your hands at the beginning of your business so that you can develop a style and a framework. So we're gonna embrace the grind to a level of a pinch of it here and there. Okay, early in my business, if you were to ask me what I would do, this is kind of how I would divide up my time. So I'm gonna.

spend probably two hours a week trying to figure out, well, what is the strategic content pieces? Maybe think of one hour per article that I wanna create for my website, right? So two hours, I wanna get at least one solid piece of good content onto my website for long-term search, for AI search, all of that stuff, to start working for me over time. That's gonna be the same content that guides everything else that I'm creating anyway. So as I create that one piece, it's gonna help me to speed up the.

process of viralizing it because I know what the topics are. So then I'm gonna spend around probably five hours a week or so taking that one resource and turning it into multiple pieces of short form content. Okay. I already know how to do this. So if I'm starting a new business, I'm counting that this might take me five hours. If you are starting a business and you're learning how to do short form content, this might take 10 hours. So this is where there needs to be some flexibility there for your learning curve. Okay. But if I'm starting a new business, this is where I'm focusing in on.

And I'm writing based on, you know, I'm writing based on my experience doing this. So let's say that you had to safely double this. It's still doable for a short period of time, not long-term, but for a short period of time, you can definitely put around 20 hours into your marketing effort for a short period. Right. And then we can taper off. So five hours into there, then I'm going to say, okay, could I use this in terms of like a nurture sequence or an email, like the stuff that I created? If so, I'm going to build.

that into that. So as I get people onto my videos, I have a call to action and I bring them into my newsletter. I bring them into my email sequence so I can capture their lead information. And then I'm going to reach out to the people that I'm featuring. So I'm going to try to like create viral content that actually features people that actually, you know, showcases specific areas, specific, you know, uh, potential companies that I could collaborate with. And I'm going to just simply reach out to them and say, Hey, I featured you in this place. I'd love to be able to grab coffee. I want to be in your area next week.

on Thursday, you have time? So all the stuff that I'm creating, I would just reach out to partnerships to start, like this is such an easy way to expand your audience and expand your network with people who are actually gonna send you business because you've already been helping them in theirs, okay? Now later in business, you lean into kind of what's working and what feels sustainable to you. So as the business becomes established, I might shift my time a little bit where now I just need one hour a week on average and I might group this up.

where I'm doing it all on one day. So maybe I create my article and I do all my short form content and everything on one day of the month. But this is about the time that it would take, right? So I'd spend one day and I figure out how I'm gonna repurpose, or sorry, repurpose kind of goes in the next piece. On that one day a month, I'd also kind of experiment and figure out is there other types of content that I wanna try out. So I'm gonna spend one day, eight to 10 hours in that one day. And so on average per week, that's really only a few hours, right? But we're just putting it all.

one group. And then throughout the week, I kind of repurpose and reshare. So I go to the library, my asset library, and I figure out, okay, I'm gonna republish this one. The next day, I'm gonna spend 15 minutes publishing something new. The next day, I'm gonna spend another 15 minutes publishing something else. So I repurpose and I basically focus on resharing and that's where the time goes. But this is like a sample week of once we're kind of established. So what I want you to get from this is early on as we wanna move the needle.

A little bit more effort is, is important. And if you say something like, I don't want to do social media or short form content, understand that this is a huge asset to you. So if you're going to replace an asset, this big, it needs to be that effort. That time needs to go into something else that can be just as effective for you. Okay. Maybe that's your partnerships. You're going to spend that much more time here, networking, getting in front of the right people, doing all that, but it needs.

to be made up somewhere. But for me, social media, it's one of those things where as soon as you have a decent size following, and I would say decent on any level is like 10,000 plus. As soon as you have a decent size following, it makes people wanna work with you. It makes people wanna refer you. It makes clients more likely to book you. So it feels like too big of a piece of our business in this world to leave behind and to say, I don't wanna do that thing. By the way.

When someone says, I don't want to do a thing, I generally try to understand why, because usually the reason someone doesn't want to do social media is the fear of it. It's usually the idea that it's too much work. Uh, all of these things are things that we can resolve. If there's a, an idea that you just hate something like, Oh, this just goes against who I am. That's where I don't necessarily want to change you, but I want you to redirect your time into something else that is just as effective. Um, but if it's a fear, if it's a worry, if it's a technical concern, all those things are things that we're going to address. And those are things that.

Once you overcome, you can really start to enjoy something. What I'm going to say with all of this as well is a friend last week actually told me this quote and then I went and looked up who it came from. It was Theodore Roosevelt who said the original version of this but it kind of got modernized over time. Today, what we say is what he told me, Frank told me was, do what you can and when you can do more, do more. I was like, that's such a great concept. He was telling me this because I was getting down as far as my fitness goals because my AC.

is trashed, I'm rehabbing, I'm, I can't, I was, I wanted to get my Purple Belt this year in Jiu-Jitsu, everything has slowed down, I can't compete, I can't do all that. And so he said, do what you can, and when you can do more, do more. So I'm, I thought it was very inspired and it was something that I wanted to share with you guys as well. So, shout out to Frank. All right, we're done with this lesson, let's jump to the next one. Let's make your roadmap now kind of simple. Remember what we're creating here is the content roadmap.

we're gonna be making it simple using SEO and I'm gonna make the whole idea of SEO simple as well. But let's dive into this, creating the content roadmap. So the first thing that I do wanna define is what is SEO? So SEO is optimizing your website content to match essentially what your audience is searching. So whatever your audience is searching, there's something there for them relating to that search topic on your website. Simple enough. The goal inside this module is not.

not to get into the weeds of SEO, we're gonna do that in the next module, in the next series, there's kind of steps to that, right? The goal here is to figure out, well, what is our content marketing strategy? What are the keywords, the categories, the topics that our audience is gonna be looking for? In search terms, we call those keywords, but in reality, it's just a topic or a category or a question that somebody's putting in, right? That's search engine optimization. Now we have AI or AEO, this is literally a new term that.

I heard of today. Like it hit my inbox and I was like, oh, that's what they're gonna be calling AI engine optimization, AEO versus SEO. And I was like, okay, we'll build this. So what you're getting here, I feel like it's my job as a coach to stay up to date on everything so I can get things to each of you in the quickest way possible so that you guys are never struggling or never caught behind. So AEO is gonna dramatically change the idea of search engine optimization. For a number of reasons.

and I'm gonna talk about that. But the idea here is that a lot of us now are going onto ChatGBT or even onto just Google and we're typing in a question. And if you're on Google, then Gemini is serving you an AI result. If you're on ChatGBT, then ChatGBT is actually going out, scanning and using SEO and delivering a result with some feedback and ideas included with it, right? So this is how AI is shifting the way that we search. It's getting highly intelligent.

And it's why I want you to focus throughout all of our marketing efforts, whenever we talk about SEO, I really want you to focus on the fundamentals of it, the basics of it. I mentioned this actually in a recent, when we recently were in a group session, and I was like, I don't want you to get into the weeds in SEO. And the reason is is because 10 years ago, the weeds of SEO was like figuring out nuances of every single thing, how an image should be named.

and what the URL should be, and those are actually kind of like some good details, but the weeds got a lot deeper. Like, well, the placement of this and what should be an H1 versus an H2, and I don't expect all this stuff to make sense right now. What I expect you to understand right now is you can go really deep down the rabbit hole of SEO. And in my opinion, it's already not effective, and it's only gonna become less effective with time. Because AI.

doesn't need you to perfectly optimize every single thing. It can literally read and see what's in an image. It can see what you're doing on your website. It can understand in a way that search never could 10 years ago. So what I want you to do is we're gonna allow search and optimization to kind of guide our marketing design, but I want you to focus on the basics of SEO and think of the 80-20 rule. You're gonna get 80% of the benefit of SEO by just following these basics and not going down.

this rabbit hole because yeah, you have plenty of other things that are more important as far as where your time should go. I wanna give you some context for where we're going in this kind of new world. Chatbot referrals, so basically whenever AI gets like a question, right? The referrals are currently 96% lower than general search and it has just a 0.37% click-through rate. This is expected to get worse by the way. So it's gonna just keep trending down.

which means we have to be designing content with the idea that this is gonna be served up in AI and it's gonna be served up in search because the referrals that we're getting from AI are dramatically lower. Now, does that mean none of this is worth doing? Absolutely not. The reason here is when someone goes to AI, when we're searching for something along those lines, we want the AI to give us answers, we want it to give us feedback, but think of the context of photography. Photography is.

It's something where if we want inspiration for wedding photos at a particular venue, if we want inspiration for headshots, if we want ideas of who to work with, we don't just want answers, we want images along with those answers. And we don't want it to be fabricated images, we want them to be real images. What that means is that OpenAI, among other platforms, OpenAI is going to be releasing a browser very soon, and what I'm guessing is they're going to be using AI search to automate that.

augment general search. So when you search something, it's still gonna be serving up your work, your website. They have to. They have to show what it is that you're doing. And if they're gonna show what it is that you're doing, they have to link to you, they have to reference you. So that type of article, that type of SEO is always gonna be effective because people wanna see examples. They wanna know who you are. They wanna know what kind of experience you deliver. And simply typing something in search or in AI search is not gonna give them that.

So, don't dismiss all this. We simply need to build this into part of our process. And again, what I would say is this, 10 years ago, SEO, even 5 years ago, SEO by itself was a valid marketing strategy, meaning like somebody could build a successful business by just positioning themselves, by just focusing on SEO. Granted, they'd have a one-legged table and the problem to that is now. Now, that one-legged table crumbles.

because 97%, that idea, the referrals are 97% lower and people are going to AI instead of regular search engines to find businesses and other things that they're looking for, right? So overly relying on this is gonna completely destroy a business now. That being said, today it is still a part of our strategy. So it's a piece of this puzzle. And I would say it's also the guiding piece of this puzzle because what we wanted to do is it's.

going to guide the topics and the strategy that we talk about. It helps us to know what our clients want to understand, what they're trying to learn, right? So what this means is we're not going to get lost in the weeds of SEO. What we're going to do is focus on the basics and be flexible to adopt new strategies, and I'll keep you always on the cutting edge of those strategies. Our goal with SEO, remember the idea of it, it's optimizing your website and your content to match what your audience is looking for. This is the value of it. It.

It's how does it guide the marketing? It tells us what topics actually matter. What people are typing into AI search or into SEO tells us what topics matter to our clients. And so those are the things that we should be talking about through our website, throughout our social media, throughout our lead magnets, everything. Okay. All right. So with this, let's go just a bit deeper into SEO and understanding the basics of it. I'm not going to...

to go into any of the weeds. Again, we're going to keep it high level. We're going to come up with our strategy, but there are a couple of simple terms that I want you to understand. So two simple keys to really understanding SEO optimization. It comes down to two components. Okay. One is keyword strategy. All this means is what is the keyword that someone's typing in, right? What is the, what is the question that they're typing in the search? It, this is what defines the category of an article or whatever the content is that we're creating. The second.

piece of SEO is just website authority like this is how relevant is your website there's there's kind of ways that we create each of these right and i'm going to talk about those but this is all it is it's what are we talking about what's the category and how likely is this person to be right that's all a search engine is trying to figure out okay so what is a keyword these are just phrases that help a search engine to know what it is that you're actually looking for on the user and on the

website or the content end it helps the search engine to know hey this article satisfies this question it helps it to line these things up right so examples of keywords and this was always a confusing concept to me I was like why did they call it a keyword when it's a phrase a keyword is one word keyword is a word but San Francisco wedding photographer is not a keyword that's a phrase but yeah when people say keyword they generally mean keyword phrases it can be one word but

it's also a phrase, okay? So this would be a keyword, San Francisco wedding photographer. Someone that types it in a search is looking for a wedding photographer in San Francisco. New York portrait photography. So again, looking for a type of business in a specific location. They might also be looking for inspiration. They might type something like, what are the best wedding venues in Los Angeles? Or the best engagement locations in Utah? Now I know these are only wedding related, I'm gonna give you more examples. So keyword strategy is just kind of building a.

group of phrases that you want to target in your business. It's really simple. Okay. What are the, here's my audience, my niche, my keyword strategy is just the things that these people are searching. We break that into an idea of a primary keyword or a secondary or niche keyword. I like the term niche keyword better because again, secondary keywords makes it makes me think that like you can only have one of those and that's not the case. A primary keyword is something.

Broad, okay? It's, say for example, San Francisco wedding photographer, New York portrait photography, you know, Utah family photography. Those are broad keywords. Keywords that maybe a lot of people would be searching, but there's also a lot of businesses that are trying to compete for those. So we generally want one of these. If you want two, I'll let you take two, but one is usually enough. Usually if we're gonna pick a second one, it's a variation of the first, okay?

And we'll get into the exact details of that in a bit as we go through the design process. Niche keywords, however, are unlimited. These are specific phrases that someone's typing in based on their client journey. So some examples of primary versus secondary, right? A primary keyword, Los Angeles pet photography. This is broad. They're looking for a general business in an area. New York family photography, Salt Lake City wedding photography. These are all broad terms. There's gonna be good.

search volume, so a good number of people are searching for this, but there's also a good number of people competing for these search terms. Broad keywords are generally what we try to design the homepage of your website to cover. It's a broad keyword that encompasses your overall strategy or positioning, but it's not that important. I'm going to talk about why in just a moment. These are the keywords that are more narrow, and they go into, say, your article.

Your resources if you want to put it under your blog, that's fine, too, but I prefer it under kind of a permanent page Or Not a permanent page. We'll talk about in a second. But these are unlimited. So it's how do I choose a wedding photographer? I was gonna say the perfect wedding photographer, but what are personal branding portraits tips on posing newborn babies for photos? The search volume for each of these is gonna be lower But it's a lot more narrow and focused

So not only is there less competition for these terms, the people looking for these answers are going to be very specifically targeted to what we do. So if we provide them value, if we give them answers in this journey, we're very likely to convert them. Now here is the big piece of this. Most people, they're going to find you from niche or these secondary keywords, meaning like because these are less competitive.

that's where most people are actually going to enter your website from, is from these articles and resources. The primary keyword is just a long-term goal. In fact, it's a long-term goal that we're not even going to spend much time on getting. You're going to get it over time naturally by doing the things that you're going to do to build your business. So we're not even going to worry too much about that. What we're going to do instead is focus on all these ways, these niche keywords that we can use to quickly have an effect on our business. So understand that most people will enter your website.

not even through the landing page, but through possibly Google image search, or possibly like a regular search, or possibly an AI search, all of which takes them to a blog entry, or it takes them to a resource page on your website. That's where the majority of our views still come from, is from all of our niche topics. Okay, so the other component, remember how I said, what is, let's see, the strategy, the two simple keys here is the keyword strategy. That's keyword.

strategy okay we have a primary keyword we have niche keywords that just defines the category of what it is that we're talking about the other component here is website authority this is relevance that means if someone writes an article on you know how to plan for your newborn photo session and you also write an article on how to plan for your newborn photo session then website authority becomes the difference maker between who shows up first in this order it's you think of it

as like the website authority is, what is the likelihood of these people being right? If they have more authority, the likelihood of them being right is higher. The way that this is done, it depends on a number of things, right? But the way that website authority works is it determines the rank or order that these websites are presented from search based on the topic that's entered. And what it depends on are all of these items, the website and the content quality. So it's actually looking, like if you've got a shitty website.

that's factored into this. Again why we tackled that in steps one through five. If you've got misspellings on your website that's factored into this. If the quality of your content on your website is not great, if you're writing for search engines instead of for people, all of these factors will slam your website authority. But other things that matter too is the number of inbound links. Think of these like referrals from other people.

vendor or if another pet photography business links over to you and says hey check out this work that boosts your authority think of it like a digital referral okay the way that a search engine thinks is well the more people that are digitally referring this website the better that website must be just like an in-person referral if I refer another business they must be good right number of outbound links

These are links that go to other websites. These are links that go in well We'll talk about internal linking structure as well But outbound links kind of send a little bit of your link juice outward, which is great That's how we're gonna kind of give a little bit of link juice to other Businesses and bring them in and say hey I even linked to you. I gave you a link right here on my website It's valuable having those links Okay, the internal linking structure can people find pages in your website from another one Is there a footer that guys?

Is there a good menu system? Are there links throughout that take us from one page to the next, right? Yes, along with the, think about this too, along with inbound and outbound links, the value, and again, this gets more into the weeds that we'll talk about in the next module, but there's a value associated to links as well. So if your website authority is higher, the value of your links that you're sending are better. And vice versa, if you're receiving a link from a value.

from a website that has a high authority, that's good. It's even better if they have a high authority and it's relating to the topic that you're in, right? The thing that you do. So there's a way that we kind of dictate quality of links but the thing is, I'm really not even gonna tell you, we're not gonna spend a huge portion of our time focusing on link building because these are things that will happen naturally over time. I will give you ideas and strategies if that's something you want to do. But again, I think over time, these methods.

are going to become outdated as we push forward in this kind of next generation. So I don't want you to spend too much time on certain things. So domain age, site speed, all of these things are gonna have an impact on your website authority. We'll get deeper into this as we go to the next steps. What I just simply want you to understand is this is what determines the order. When somebody searches a particular topic, the website authority is what determines the order that these things are presented, okay? So let's think of, we're gonna build authority.

with time. So most of our effort in search engine optimization is getting things set up the right way, getting our categories set up the right way. Most of this authority component, we're gonna build with time as we create awesome content, that's gonna do the hefty lifting. And maybe if you wanna get listed in a couple of directories here and there, that can be beneficial too, if we're mindful where we're doing it and we'll talk about that as we go. My last note here is, I know a lot of us have spent a lot of time learning search engine optimization.

Okay, what I need everybody to understand is 10 years ago, those little minor differences, those little optimization strategies, those were very critical. Ten years ago, it was really important that, you know, the first words on your website were designed for a search engine. I need you to think from an AI standpoint now. Do you really think it matters? Can an AI not, if it's, if the second thing that you say is an SEO statement, can AI not figure that out? What we should be doing now as we push forward.

forward is developing our material, our content, our website. Everything should be focused on the client experience. What makes this easier to read? What keeps people on my page longer? What information can I give them to improve that experience? Because the authority component of this, if somebody stays on your website longer, like how quickly they bounce to another website, that's gonna impact your authority. And I would think.

going into an AI world, that's gonna impact your authority far more than a lot of these other components in the past. Going forward, things are gonna be about engagement. They're gonna be about, you know, did this, we can actually detect now if this website answers that question, okay? So let's focus as we move forward on just following the principles of good SEO optimization and AEO optimization, and let's focus our efforts on the audience.

experience on readability on making sure they're getting what they need these things will take care of themselves if we just follow the basics All right Let's jump the next lesson Let's set now your primary SEO keywords. So again, just a reminder This is our broad highly searched keyword and it's gonna fall into our long-term SEO strategy You're not gonna rank for this quickly This is gonna be something that that comes over time and I want you to understand that your success does not rely on ranking

for this at all, okay? It's just a nice to have thing. So generally the primary keyword formula is just this. It's one phrase, two max, that's dialed into your photography niche and your location. So primary location plus primary niche. Los Angeles actor headshots, Austin family portraits, Tacoma wedding photography, New York elopement photographer. It's a broad search term that we wanna make sure is exactly what our client avatar might be searching, hence niching down. I'm gonna constantly remind you.

of the importance of the work that you did in steps one through five, if you haven't already got that. Now, we can do this very quickly in a number of ways. Number one is remembering, again, this is our long-term SEO goal, matches the target audience's primary location, the primary service, and the most common way that they might be typing it in. Do they type it as Los Angeles wedding photography or Los Angeles wedding photographer? That difference used to be a big deal in the past, and someone might have even said like, you should make both your keyword, Los Angeles wedding photography.

and Los Angeles wedding photographers vary it up, mix it up. Again, we're reaching a point where it's like an AI search can know that those match the same thing. So should we check which one is more used? Sure. Ultimately, it comes down to what creates a better experience, better readability, all of that. So that's all it is. So step two of this is comparing it to actual search and seeing like, you know, what are the actual search volumes of these things? Let's actually walk through this, but I'm gonna give you an example before we kind of go.

through our own steps, right? Let's say you're a family photographer. You're based out of Salt Lake City, Utah, and we did our, we found our basic keywords, and now we got these results when we put it into, to evaluate like search volume. And usually search volume is gonna be like zero to 100, 100 to 1,000, 1,000 to, you know, some places might give you more specific numbers. But let's say that we got these results, okay? Salt Lake City family photographer gets zero, but Salt Lake City family photographers gets 109. And this isn't realistic because that would likely get.

quite a good amount. Family photographers in Salt Lake City gets five, photographers in Salt Lake City gets 73, but family photographers in Utah gets 146. This is not an actual search result, okay? Just know that. What I'm doing is illustrating a point here. Family photographers in Utah might have the most searches, but it's not the best and most relevant term because we don't know where in Utah this person is based. And if you are based out of Salt Lake City, then this is not a good search term.

because the number of people that might be in St. George or they might be in other areas of Utah that can't ever get to you are gonna be really high. So while that number is high, the relevance is fairly low. And that means that photographers in Salt Lake, you might think, well, that's the next best one or maybe that's a good one, right? Photographers in Salt Lake. But you don't know if they are family, like if they are looking for family photography, they could be looking for wedding photography, maybe commercial photography, you don't know. So again, topically, this isn't that relevant, right? So what we come up with is,

ultimately the best one would be this search term because it's on topic for what they would be looking for and it's the right location. So when we analyze the search results, we wanna make sure that we're taking those things into consideration. We're not just looking at the highest number, we're looking at the relevance of the search term and make sure it's relevant. Now I'm gonna give you tools for this. If you thought I was gonna leave you hanging, I'm not. So watch this. We built the brand strategist in step two, right? What we're gonna do is take this and go to...

to AI search, and I have my brand strategies pulled up. This already has my instructions in it. And remember, for the purpose of our exercises, I was building a Paris-based elopement photography business. So I'm gonna type that in, and it's just what you know about, or copy paste it in, what you know about my brand and location, what do you think my primary keyword should be? This is the broader keyword strategy that I use for my homepage. You're my brand expert, but let's also add SEO to your capabilities. Please research and tell me what you think my audience is searching for most, okay?

Now, we're going to get results from that and I'm going to show you something else that's pretty cool. A new thing that just came to ChatGBT literally today or yesterday or something. Okay, so what it says is, why is it saying Orange County? Did I change? Oh, I think I might have changed something along the way. Yeah, I think I actually started giving it, I had brand conversation strategist, yeah, see this OC elopement SEO strategy? That was part of my conversation set, so I'm actually going to delete this.

this, delete this, okay, and then do that one more time and let's see if it gets us results based on the previous. So just keep in mind that with your brand strategist, it's tracking the previous conversations and yeah, it's still stuck here. So what I would need to do is just remind it. Sometimes the conversations go long. This is a good thing to show you guys right now. So let's just do this. I might go back to, let's see, summarize, north and nests.

Brand strategy. Okay, I might start the conversation here. There we go. Okay, emotionally grounded elopement, destination wedding photography studio, perfect. So what you just saw was basically drift. So it's basically where it's pulling information from more recent conversations instead of what happened at the beginning. So if you encounter that, no big deal. That's why we created the instruction set. So do you remember the instruction set right here? This is why we developed the instruction set was to always be able to refer.

back to this in case of drift. So now I go back to this place and then I'm gonna paste this in. Okay. Now it's gonna stay on target. Mother fudger. Okay, let's just give it a prompt. Okay, let's see if it goes, oops, I'm sorry.

You're right. Okay. So what I get is Paris, a low-budget photographer, recommended primary keyword. I'm not gonna just take this and run with it. I'm gonna make sure that I go to Google search or make sure that we go over to, I think I linked it up for you guys. If you go to Google Ads, so let's open that up. Okay, I think I'm already signed in. Okay, and what we're gonna do is go under tools

to the keyword planner, okay? This is where I'm gonna go to discover, I'm gonna type in Paris elopement photographer. Get results. And when I do that, it's gonna give me ideas of what people are typing in. So let's try and expand this. So Paris elopement photographer is one, elopement photographer Paris is another. Look, both these have 100 to 1,000 searches, right? Elopement wedding Paris, that has 10 to 100. So this is the premise here, is that once we get the AI to kind of give us some of those.

broader terms, then we jump over here and we search it and we need to understand that whether you put Paris elopement photographer or elopement photographer Paris, a search engine is smart enough to know that these are the same thing, okay? You don't need to worry about it. So where it makes sense, write elopement photographer in Paris. Where it makes sense, put Paris elopement photographer. Like in a headline, it might make sense that it's Paris elopement photographer. That's what's most readable, right? Because it's not very readable to see elopement photographer.

Paris, so make it readable and focus on that first. But this gives us the idea of those monthly search volumes, okay. And side note, if you're brand strategist, I'm going to do this. This is about the time where like, if you're starting to notice that in one particular project, you're getting a lot of drift. Let me just show you a quick solution to that. Okay. So what I'm going to do is grab my instruction set here. I'm going to copy this. Okay. Just cancel out and what we're.

do instead is go to GPT's, go to create, and now to say my brand strategist. Okay and you say this is my personal brand strategist for North and Nest photography. Then you're gonna copy and paste that GPT instructions right here. Okay go ahead and hit create and you can just say if it's gonna be only me or whatever

whatever you want it to do. You can also have it automatically generate. So I'm gonna click this, use Dolly to automatically generate a thumbnail for it. Now, the benefit of this is that an actual custom GPT is not going to face that issue of like drift where all these past conversations are impacting its current one. So because it's meant to be used like independent conversations, basically. Every conversation that I have with this is an independent conversation. So now I can go to my.

Brand Strategist, and let's make sure that it actually updated. I don't know why sometimes it takes a second to load these, there we go. You click it, it takes a minute. Okay, so now I'm gonna go back and I'm gonna take that same search. So often what I'll do is I'll create a project and I'll use that project to basically get me far enough where I can make a custom GPT, especially if you start encountering.

Drift. You son of a bitch. All right, so if you keep getting these types of issues, you have to tell it. Like for some reason, I don't think it's the instructions. I think it's... Instructions, did you? I like that you're seeing this because now you guys can see the exact issues I run into when I develop these custom GPTs. Did I reference California? I wonder if I actually changed the instruction.

at some point, you're absolutely right to call it out. I drifted from the brief. Thank you for grounding us again. You didn't mention California. Based on your early instructions, your dream clients are based in the UK. There we go. So we got it to come back. You're also rooted in Tustin, okay. So we're getting some sort of drift for some reason and we have to dive in and kind of see. But if you are getting that, just re-prompt it and tell it to kind of go back to what it is that you were doing in the first place. Generally, you shouldn't see much drift. So what's most likely happened is that the instructions, what I would do next.

is I would actually look at the instructions for my brand strategist in here. And I would just wanna see, let's go edit, there we go. I'd wanna see if somewhere along the way my destination got changed up here. So that's kind of where I would go first and see if that, and if it isn't in there, then I just need to reset it basically with prompts. Okay, but good thing to see how to deal with.

All right, let's come back here for just a second. So this is where I want you to go ahead and go into your brand and, let's go to the brand strategy document. There we go, the workbook. Okay, and you're gonna go ahead and enter in your, under the SEO section, we're gonna start working on that primary keyword phrase now and finalize that, all right? You can put in your keyword search volume. So basically this is a little process where you kind of look up potential keyword phrases.

What the search volume for each of those might be. Um, and I gave you a little recap of kind of what we discussed here and then what the final keyword phrase is going to be for your business. So go ahead and get those dialed in now and then head on to the next lesson. Okay. Last piece of dialing in our overall content marketing strategy. We're going to, of course, add to this as we go, but what I want coming out of this module is that you have like a good place to begin your efforts. So we're talking about niche keywords. Now, these are those less searched.

less competitive keyword phrases, but they're very specific to your target audience's wants and needs. And reminder, I would much rather take 100 views that are on target than a million views that are off, okay? Well, maybe a million's a little high. 10,000 views that are off. 100 on target are far greater than 10,000 off target. So examples of this is like, if you were to search for four seasons Westlake Indian Village, then these are the things that pop up organically. You see the Linen Jersey website, so I've checked each of the spots that come up organically.

Right, and it's not just for like regular search. It's so it's not just about the pages themselves. It's actually about getting the images into search ranking as well. Image search is one of the best ways that people look for inspiration. It's gonna stay this way for quite a while. And even when chat GPT releases their browser, most likely it's gonna be relying on image search too. So all these things are still gonna be very relevant. But if you type the same thing into image search, then all the check marks are our images that are popping up or our images that are featured.

in other magazines, right? And those features, by the way, is a big part of how we'll build link strategy, like link authority, is by simply getting your work featured. But anyway, that's for down the road. But look at all the images that get linked over. So as soon as they click these, they enter our website into some spot, and we need to know kind of where they're entering in from. That's why, by the way, when we're talking about step five, I was saying on your articles, on your resources, on all those pages, you need to tell people what it is that you do and calls to action on those pages because...

they don't necessarily know when they click this, they don't know that they're on a wedding photographer's website. They don't know that you are happy to give them a free console. They don't know any of those things. So each of these entry points needs to be prepared to convert a view into an actual lead, all right? Okay, so location examples of niche keywords might be like downtown Pasadena engagement photos, Central Park engagement photography, Hilton Pearl, New York wedding photography. These are all wedding examples. Portrait examples, how to prepare for your new one.

photos, family photography tips, newborn photos in Paris, could be anything, right? Family photography locations in New York City, affordable maternity photos in Las Vegas. All these are niche keyword topics that can potentially be relevant. Now this last one is one that I wanted to show you because it may be highly searched but you got to be careful with, do you want that? There's not a harm to getting those views but if someone is searching for affordable or cheap, then

those topics, those views that are coming in are likely gonna be from unqualified people. So this last one is tossed in to kind of like understand, I should have put an X next to it, to understand that depending on the keyword term, we need to make sure that the keyword term that we're looking for is likely gonna be what our desired audience will be typing in, okay? So from here, we're gonna start developing this content roadmap. We know the primary keyword strategy, but that's really only for the front page of your website. It's the homepage.

right? This keyword road, the content roadmap is for all these other pages and it's also going to be the topics we're creating for social media and the things that we're creating along the way for newsletters and for lead magnets and everything. So let's work in getting a few of these topics down. So what I want you to do is step one, we're going to go for less search, but more specific keywords. We're going for our niche keywords. They match your target avatars, wants and needs, problems and challenges, frequently asked questions and their searches for inspiration. Okay.

An AI prompt, and by the way, I gave you, so if you wanna start the conversation with just a new prompt or use something that's different, like Grok or a different AI, this is just a general prompt that you can use with any AI tool. You can also modify, I don't think I, did I give you one for this? No, for the brand strategist, if you wanted it, you could literally just, for the primary keyword, say, hey, I'm a photographer based out of this location, what do you think my primary keyword should be? And that'll work as well. What I might do is build.

and a general one too in case you guys are running in a drift, you can just start up a new conversation. Okay, so let's go to this conversation with our brand strategist and even though it's completely drifted on our case, but let's see here. I'm gonna go to the brand strategist. Okay, before we start, please reference your instructions. I want all of your guidance to be focused on my Paris based.

Allotment brand. So I'm just gonna give it a set to prevent drift right from the beginning. Thanks, dummy. I shouldn't be mean. One day I will probably be following the instructions of an AI. One day all of us, our lives will be ruled by these, so let's be nice. So when that day comes, they're nice to us. Okay, now with what you know about my brand, give me some niche keywords that would make for fantastic.

articles, resources, even short-form content based on what my clients are searching, go ahead and drop this in. Okay, and then what we're gonna do is we're gonna get a lot of ideas from this, how to elope in Paris without the Eiffel Tower, Paris elopement for introverts, meaningful places to elope in Paris. And then what I'm gonna do is actually start grabbing these and going back to Google search and just go back to Keyword Planner and say, okay, well, let's put one of these in. Okay, and meaningful places to elope in Paris.

That's interesting. Now, zero to 10 is not necessarily a deal breaker for me. If someone's putting this in, what I'm gonna get from that person is highly targeted. So meaningful places to elope in Paris actually could still be useful. So don't feel like zero to 10 is a deal breaker because if those 10 searches are highly targeted, then we're good. Okay, let's see. We're not traditional. How to plan. What about how to plan?

Let's go how to plan a Paris elopement. So let's go back to the planner. Paris elopement. Get results. Okay, zero to 10 too. So what we're gonna do is look for these relevant topics that would make for great articles, great guides, and you're gonna start populating into this niche keyword strategy. And along the way, so like how to elope in Paris.

and I'm gonna say zero to 10, right? But importance is like a 10 for me. So I'm gonna give them a little ranking, like this is so on target with my people, and I think that this would make for a great lead magnet too, so I'm not too concerned that there's not a ton of searches. What search volume it does get, it seems like this would be a search term, and what it does get is highly important. So what we're gonna do is kind of pick topics that we think are interesting, like these are visually emotional, or visual emotional queries, these are lifestyle aligned. We're gonna pick topics that are interesting and start.

populating this brand and strategy guide. Now again, if we start facing drift issues, that's why I'm gonna make sure that you still have the other prompt too. So grab this prompt. Okay, and we'll start up a new conversation. I'm a elopement photographer, serve the Paris area, those that hire me. And then what I would do here is include like a brief.

Description of your your your audience, okay You can get that from your brand strategies if it's not acting crazy or you can get it Just you can just write it out if you have it in your brand strategy workbook. Okay, the clients that hire me are Couples who love Beautiful and emotional Memories they want to elope to avoid wedding stress Okay

Okay, and then from there, so give it a little bit of an idea. I don't know why there's a quote in there. And drop it in. Okay, and again, you'll get a lot of good ideas directly from this, from just a new conversation as well. So here's, again, it came up with how to elope in Paris, Paris elope in packages, best place to elope. I like best places. When is the best time of year to elope? That's a great one. So take each one of these, just make sure that there's some search volume to it. If it's highly targeted, it's still worth doing. And by the way.

There are other ways of tracking like keyword volume. There's various other tools. The only reason I show you this one is because the Google Keyword Planner, it's not the most robust, but it's free. All it requires that you have a Google ad account. You might need to link it up to a form of payment, but it's free to use and whatnot. So a lot of the other ones, they're not free or they give you like a couple uses and then you gotta start paying for it. Okay, but this will give you a place to start building out. And what I want you to do now is go ahead and pause.

So step three, remember that based on the topic, the search volume, your level of interest, everything, give them a ranking in terms of importance. So we go to the brand strategist. I want you to write out what these topics would be because as you can imagine, not only is it gonna be effective in forms of an article, like an SEO-based article, How to Lope in Paris, but then what if I said like in the actual full article, I give some of my three tips on my timeline, right? I could take that exact.

section of content right over to a short form video and say look if you're looking to elope in Paris here are three tips to help with your timeline and that's it you have your short form piece right there and we're gonna adapt it over to those uses okay let me check to make sure there's no questions from our live and I think we should be good okay yeah reminder the Google keyword planner is just on so if you just it's linked in your in your workbook actually so you're you guys are good

Okay, that's it. Let's get to work. Let's come up with this overall strategy. Remember, we're gonna be adding content to this. So this isn't like buy in, like this isn't saying like, let's come up with the entire strategy. This is, let's start working with the leverage framework. What type of articles we're gonna hit first and what is our primary keyword? What are niche keywords that we might tackle? And let's start going step by step through this. And then we can add more over time. All right.