on Thursday, you have time? So all the stuff that I'm creating, I would just reach out to partnerships to start, like this is such an easy way to expand your audience and expand your network with people who are actually gonna send you business because you've already been helping them in theirs, okay? Now later in business, you lean into kind of what's working and what feels sustainable to you. So as the business becomes established, I might shift my time a little bit where now I just need one hour a week on average and I might group this up.

where I'm doing it all on one day. So maybe I create my article and I do all my short form content and everything on one day of the month. But this is about the time that it would take, right? So I'd spend one day and I figure out how I'm gonna repurpose, or sorry, repurpose kind of goes in the next piece. On that one day a month, I'd also kind of experiment and figure out is there other types of content that I wanna try out. So I'm gonna spend one day, eight to 10 hours in that one day. And so on average per week, that's really only a few hours, right? But we're just putting it all.

one group. And then throughout the week, I kind of repurpose and reshare. So I go to the library, my asset library, and I figure out, okay, I'm gonna republish this one. The next day, I'm gonna spend 15 minutes publishing something new. The next day, I'm gonna spend another 15 minutes publishing something else. So I repurpose and I basically focus on resharing and that's where the time goes. But this is like a sample week of once we're kind of established. So what I want you to get from this is early on as we wanna move the needle.

A little bit more effort is, is important. And if you say something like, I don't want to do social media or short form content, understand that this is a huge asset to you. So if you're going to replace an asset, this big, it needs to be that effort. That time needs to go into something else that can be just as effective for you. Okay. Maybe that's your partnerships. You're going to spend that much more time here, networking, getting in front of the right people, doing all that, but it needs.

to be made up somewhere. But for me, social media, it's one of those things where as soon as you have a decent size following, and I would say decent on any level is like 10,000 plus. As soon as you have a decent size following, it makes people wanna work with you. It makes people wanna refer you. It makes clients more likely to book you. So it feels like too big of a piece of our business in this world to leave behind and to say, I don't wanna do that thing. By the way.

When someone says, I don't want to do a thing, I generally try to understand why, because usually the reason someone doesn't want to do social media is the fear of it. It's usually the idea that it's too much work. Uh, all of these things are things that we can resolve. If there's a, an idea that you just hate something like, Oh, this just goes against who I am. That's where I don't necessarily want to change you, but I want you to redirect your time into something else that is just as effective. Um, but if it's a fear, if it's a worry, if it's a technical concern, all those things are things that we're going to address. And those are things that.

Once you overcome, you can really start to enjoy something. What I'm going to say with all of this as well is a friend last week actually told me this quote and then I went and looked up who it came from. It was Theodore Roosevelt who said the original version of this but it kind of got modernized over time. Today, what we say is what he told me, Frank told me was, do what you can and when you can do more, do more. I was like, that's such a great concept. He was telling me this because I was getting down as far as my fitness goals because my AC.

is trashed, I'm rehabbing, I'm, I can't, I was, I wanted to get my Purple Belt this year in Jiu-Jitsu, everything has slowed down, I can't compete, I can't do all that. And so he said, do what you can, and when you can do more, do more. So I'm, I thought it was very inspired and it was something that I wanted to share with you guys as well. So, shout out to Frank. All right, we're done with this lesson, let's jump to the next one. Let's make your roadmap now kind of simple. Remember what we're creating here is the content roadmap.

we're gonna be making it simple using SEO and I'm gonna make the whole idea of SEO simple as well. But let's dive into this, creating the content roadmap. So the first thing that I do wanna define is what is SEO? So SEO is optimizing your website content to match essentially what your audience is searching. So whatever your audience is searching, there's something there for them relating to that search topic on your website. Simple enough. The goal inside this module is not.

not to get into the weeds of SEO, we're gonna do that in the next module, in the next series, there's kind of steps to that, right? The goal here is to figure out, well, what is our content marketing strategy? What are the keywords, the categories, the topics that our audience is gonna be looking for? In search terms, we call those keywords, but in reality, it's just a topic or a category or a question that somebody's putting in, right? That's search engine optimization. Now we have AI or AEO, this is literally a new term that.

I heard of today. Like it hit my inbox and I was like, oh, that's what they're gonna be calling AI engine optimization, AEO versus SEO. And I was like, okay, we'll build this. So what you're getting here, I feel like it's my job as a coach to stay up to date on everything so I can get things to each of you in the quickest way possible so that you guys are never struggling or never caught behind. So AEO is gonna dramatically change the idea of search engine optimization. For a number of reasons.

and I'm gonna talk about that. But the idea here is that a lot of us now are going onto ChatGBT or even onto just Google and we're typing in a question. And if you're on Google, then Gemini is serving you an AI result. If you're on ChatGBT, then ChatGBT is actually going out, scanning and using SEO and delivering a result with some feedback and ideas included with it, right? So this is how AI is shifting the way that we search. It's getting highly intelligent.

And it's why I want you to focus throughout all of our marketing efforts, whenever we talk about SEO, I really want you to focus on the fundamentals of it, the basics of it. I mentioned this actually in a recent, when we recently were in a group session, and I was like, I don't want you to get into the weeds in SEO. And the reason is is because 10 years ago, the weeds of SEO was like figuring out nuances of every single thing, how an image should be named.

and what the URL should be, and those are actually kind of like some good details, but the weeds got a lot deeper. Like, well, the placement of this and what should be an H1 versus an H2, and I don't expect all this stuff to make sense right now. What I expect you to understand right now is you can go really deep down the rabbit hole of SEO. And in my opinion, it's already not effective, and it's only gonna become less effective with time. Because AI.

doesn't need you to perfectly optimize every single thing. It can literally read and see what's in an image. It can see what you're doing on your website. It can understand in a way that search never could 10 years ago. So what I want you to do is we're gonna allow search and optimization to kind of guide our marketing design, but I want you to focus on the basics of SEO and think of the 80-20 rule. You're gonna get 80% of the benefit of SEO by just following these basics and not going down.

this rabbit hole because yeah, you have plenty of other things that are more important as far as where your time should go. I wanna give you some context for where we're going in this kind of new world. Chatbot referrals, so basically whenever AI gets like a question, right? The referrals are currently 96% lower than general search and it has just a 0.37% click-through rate. This is expected to get worse by the way. So it's gonna just keep trending down.

which means we have to be designing content with the idea that this is gonna be served up in AI and it's gonna be served up in search because the referrals that we're getting from AI are dramatically lower. Now, does that mean none of this is worth doing? Absolutely not. The reason here is when someone goes to AI, when we're searching for something along those lines, we want the AI to give us answers, we want it to give us feedback, but think of the context of photography. Photography is.

It's something where if we want inspiration for wedding photos at a particular venue, if we want inspiration for headshots, if we want ideas of who to work with, we don't just want answers, we want images along with those answers. And we don't want it to be fabricated images, we want them to be real images. What that means is that OpenAI, among other platforms, OpenAI is going to be releasing a browser very soon, and what I'm guessing is they're going to be using AI search to automate that.

augment general search. So when you search something, it's still gonna be serving up your work, your website. They have to. They have to show what it is that you're doing. And if they're gonna show what it is that you're doing, they have to link to you, they have to reference you. So that type of article, that type of SEO is always gonna be effective because people wanna see examples. They wanna know who you are. They wanna know what kind of experience you deliver. And simply typing something in search or in AI search is not gonna give them that.

So, don't dismiss all this. We simply need to build this into part of our process. And again, what I would say is this, 10 years ago, SEO, even 5 years ago, SEO by itself was a valid marketing strategy, meaning like somebody could build a successful business by just positioning themselves, by just focusing on SEO. Granted, they'd have a one-legged table and the problem to that is now. Now, that one-legged table crumbles.