An AI prompt, and by the way, I gave you, so if you wanna start the conversation with just a new prompt or use something that's different, like Grok or a different AI, this is just a general prompt that you can use with any AI tool. You can also modify, I don't think I, did I give you one for this? No, for the brand strategist, if you wanted it, you could literally just, for the primary keyword, say, hey, I'm a photographer based out of this location, what do you think my primary keyword should be? And that'll work as well. What I might do is build.

and a general one too in case you guys are running in a drift, you can just start up a new conversation. Okay, so let's go to this conversation with our brand strategist and even though it's completely drifted on our case, but let's see here. I'm gonna go to the brand strategist. Okay, before we start, please reference your instructions. I want all of your guidance to be focused on my Paris based.

Allotment brand. So I'm just gonna give it a set to prevent drift right from the beginning. Thanks, dummy. I shouldn't be mean. One day I will probably be following the instructions of an AI. One day all of us, our lives will be ruled by these, so let's be nice. So when that day comes, they're nice to us. Okay, now with what you know about my brand, give me some niche keywords that would make for fantastic.

articles, resources, even short-form content based on what my clients are searching, go ahead and drop this in. Okay, and then what we're gonna do is we're gonna get a lot of ideas from this, how to elope in Paris without the Eiffel Tower, Paris elopement for introverts, meaningful places to elope in Paris. And then what I'm gonna do is actually start grabbing these and going back to Google search and just go back to Keyword Planner and say, okay, well, let's put one of these in. Okay, and meaningful places to elope in Paris.

That's interesting. Now, zero to 10 is not necessarily a deal breaker for me. If someone's putting this in, what I'm gonna get from that person is highly targeted. So meaningful places to elope in Paris actually could still be useful. So don't feel like zero to 10 is a deal breaker because if those 10 searches are highly targeted, then we're good. Okay, let's see. We're not traditional. How to plan. What about how to plan?

Let's go how to plan a Paris elopement. So let's go back to the planner. Paris elopement. Get results. Okay, zero to 10 too. So what we're gonna do is look for these relevant topics that would make for great articles, great guides, and you're gonna start populating into this niche keyword strategy. And along the way, so like how to elope in Paris.

and I'm gonna say zero to 10, right? But importance is like a 10 for me. So I'm gonna give them a little ranking, like this is so on target with my people, and I think that this would make for a great lead magnet too, so I'm not too concerned that there's not a ton of searches. What search volume it does get, it seems like this would be a search term, and what it does get is highly important. So what we're gonna do is kind of pick topics that we think are interesting, like these are visually emotional, or visual emotional queries, these are lifestyle aligned. We're gonna pick topics that are interesting and start.

populating this brand and strategy guide. Now again, if we start facing drift issues, that's why I'm gonna make sure that you still have the other prompt too. So grab this prompt. Okay, and we'll start up a new conversation. I'm a elopement photographer, serve the Paris area, those that hire me. And then what I would do here is include like a brief.

Description of your your your audience, okay You can get that from your brand strategies if it's not acting crazy or you can get it Just you can just write it out if you have it in your brand strategy workbook. Okay, the clients that hire me are Couples who love Beautiful and emotional Memories they want to elope to avoid wedding stress Okay

Okay, and then from there, so give it a little bit of an idea. I don't know why there's a quote in there. And drop it in. Okay, and again, you'll get a lot of good ideas directly from this, from just a new conversation as well. So here's, again, it came up with how to elope in Paris, Paris elope in packages, best place to elope. I like best places. When is the best time of year to elope? That's a great one. So take each one of these, just make sure that there's some search volume to it. If it's highly targeted, it's still worth doing. And by the way.

There are other ways of tracking like keyword volume. There's various other tools. The only reason I show you this one is because the Google Keyword Planner, it's not the most robust, but it's free. All it requires that you have a Google ad account. You might need to link it up to a form of payment, but it's free to use and whatnot. So a lot of the other ones, they're not free or they give you like a couple uses and then you gotta start paying for it. Okay, but this will give you a place to start building out. And what I want you to do now is go ahead and pause.

So step three, remember that based on the topic, the search volume, your level of interest, everything, give them a ranking in terms of importance. So we go to the brand strategist. I want you to write out what these topics would be because as you can imagine, not only is it gonna be effective in forms of an article, like an SEO-based article, How to Lope in Paris, but then what if I said like in the actual full article, I give some of my three tips on my timeline, right? I could take that exact.

section of content right over to a short form video and say look if you're looking to elope in Paris here are three tips to help with your timeline and that's it you have your short form piece right there and we're gonna adapt it over to those uses okay let me check to make sure there's no questions from our live and I think we should be good okay yeah reminder the Google keyword planner is just on so if you just it's linked in your in your workbook actually so you're you guys are good

Okay, that's it. Let's get to work. Let's come up with this overall strategy. Remember, we're gonna be adding content to this. So this isn't like buy in, like this isn't saying like, let's come up with the entire strategy. This is, let's start working with the leverage framework. What type of articles we're gonna hit first and what is our primary keyword? What are niche keywords that we might tackle? And let's start going step by step through this. And then we can add more over time. All right.