Okay, we're moving on to step six now, which kind of signifies the next section of the program, right, step six through 11. This is really where we dive into our marketing efforts. What we're gonna be doing throughout this section of the program is we'll be talking about these pain points, these topics, like how do I market my business? That includes like how do I generate leads, build relationships, all of that. What does an overall marketing strategy look like? That's a big part of specifically this module, this step specifically.

We'll discuss the idea of content marketing and why content marketing is so valuable and also compare it against kind of like paid ads because that is another marketing route that you can explore. We'll also discuss the role of SEO as well as AEO. AEO is basically AI search engine optimization or AI optimization, okay? We'll talk about that. We'll talk about how search engine optimization works and how it's gonna guide our overall marketing strategy but how it's not gonna necessarily be our focus. And then we'll go ahead.

and we're gonna set our actual primary and secondary or niche keywords as we finish this up. We'll talk about kind of how to choose them. Let's go ahead and get straight into this. I'm gonna again, give you a bit of a heads up. This is really fast paced. So I encourage you to pause, to implement, to repeat this process as you go. What again, I like to say is this entire program is not meant for you to sit down and shotgun, just like watch an entire bundle of modules and then go try to put it together.

It's meant for you to watch a lesson and implement and then go on to the next lesson. So I want you to kind of take that approach. As always, if you have questions in between sessions, you have the mentorship group, perfect place to ask questions, to seek advice. If ever you want me to respond to something, feel free to tag me. If you don't get a response within 24 business hours, tag me again. Sometimes posts can get lost, but just remind me. It's also a wonderful place, by the way, to share wins and aha moments. So with that, let's dive into the very first lesson.

Let's start with just kind of setting the tone for what we're going to do here by talking about what you've accomplished so far in the program, okay? So the first issue, 90% of us, the majority of us, we kind of ask this first question or this is the first bottleneck, the first major thing we run into is, well, how come I'm struggling to consistently attract the right leads, the right clients to my business? How come I'm having a hard time converting them into high paying clients? We've resolved this.

The entire first section of this program was to fix this. So steps one through five, let's go ahead and fix that leaky bucket. And remember, the idea of pushing into marketing, pushing into steps six through 11, the idea of marketing before you've actually established a brand that can convert views into actual leads, that's like trying to capture water with a broken bucket, right? So that's our leaky bucket syndrome. But at this point, your bucket should be good to go. It doesn't mean that your website is perfect.

It doesn't mean that everything is the way that it absolutely needs to be. We're trying to get over that perfectionist mindset and get it to 80%. In my book, 80% means you've got a brand that looks professional. It means that you've got the right focus. You know who you're speaking to, who your audience is, and the copy as well as the imagery and content on your website, on your social media, it reflects that. So once you're in this place, and of course, we need to have calls to action and all the other things that we kind of set up in the last modules we did the website.

Once you have those basics in place, you're 80% there. So that's the place for me where I'm like, you know, you're good to go. These, these 20% adjustments and kind of getting things just right. That's going to be something that you do over time. And I also want you to accept the idea that there's no such thing as perfect. You're always going to make little tweaks or want to at least, uh, but they aren't going to move the needle necessarily getting everything in your business from zero to 80% in terms of like branding and design, that's something you can accomplish.

within like say 40 to 80 hours of work, right? But getting it from 80% to 100%, not only is that rather impossible, but instead of 40 to 80 hours of work, that additional 20% might take you four to 500 hours. And we get to a place where it's just, the juice isn't worth the squeeze. And once you're at that 80% mark, that's no longer your major bottleneck. Generally, once you get the business to that professional level, then our bottleneck becomes, well, now we.

We need more views, we need more eyeballs. And that's where we move on to this next phase. So at this point, your bucket should be good to go. If not, what I'm gonna say is pause here, continue this section. If you wanna watch the lessons, by all means, but I wouldn't recommend implementing until you've actually completed steps one through five, otherwise you run into leaky bucket syndrome. So like I mentioned, the next bottleneck, once you have a decent, not perfect, but a decent brand presence and website, the next bottleneck is gonna be,

How do I drive views? How do I get more traffic over to this so that I can convert them into actual leads? And that brings us to the next problem that we're gonna run into, right? And this is usually the first problem that everybody says they have. The first thing is, well, how do I generate consistent leads? How do I get more leads? This is the thing that is the largest pain point that we generally think we need to fix when we jump into like starting a photography business is I've launched my business, how do I get more leads? But we had to do the.

our own work before we can actually effectively do this. Now though, steps six through 11, I can show you exactly how to do this, and that's what we're here to accomplish. So these steps is gonna be, well, generating a consistent marketing pipeline that becomes high-paying clients, okay? So the goal here, I'm gonna primarily focus on showing you how to organically drive tons of the right views to your brand and website. What I mean is organically versus.

Artificially, artificial would be like paid ads, right? Paid versus like organic views. That's what we're gonna be here focusing on. Now, I will be completely honest. Generally, when we are in this phase where we're struggling to generate consistent leads, what we tend to think the mindset issues, the self-limiting beliefs that we run into is what you see here, okay? It's thoughts like, well, I just wanna take pictures. I don't wanna market my business. I'm a creative. I'm not a business person. I kind of need you to.

is step into the role of being a business person. And truthfully, the fact that you have to market is actually a good thing overall because that is the barrier to entry. It's a significant barrier to entry that's gonna make you stand out because the majority of photographers who say they wanna do this professionally, they never actually end up really marketing themselves at all. And so this is a very easy way to stand out, oddly enough. The idea of I can't market, I don't know how. Well, that's what step six through 11 is gonna literally show you how to do step by step. And it is.

an efficient way, okay? The idea that lead generation is too expensive, it's really not, especially when we focus on generating long-term assets. We're gonna build marketing assets that deliver value to you over the course of years. So lead generation does not have to be expensive. The idea that you hate social media, you don't wanna dance. Okay, I get the perception of this, but that's not what social media has to be, nor what I'm gonna be teaching you to do. Social media is gonna be simply showing what you do.

do, showing your personality, connecting with your audience. And once you kind of get past the idea of it, and once you get past maybe a little bit, the workflow and how to do it, it's actually going to be a process that I think you, the majority of you is going to find enjoyable and it gives you direct feedback on your business, which I think is really cool and fun. Um, this idea of, well, even if I get leads, they're just going to ghost me. No, because steps 12 through 16 is the entire sales roadmap. So that once you're getting leads, you're actually able to convert them in a very.

effective way. Okay, I don't have time to market my work. This is a big one, right? And that's why this entire structure of our marketing system is something that I expect to maybe take four to six hours once it's established. When you're establishing this process, I will say it's gonna take a bit more time, but once you're getting it moving, once you understand the process, I want you to be able to complete it with basically like an hour a day tops, or you can even front load and do the work at certain times, okay? So like once a week, you do your most of your marketing work.

The other idea of SEO, AO, all this stuff is complicated. I'm almost gonna make this as simple as possible. I'm gonna give you tools and everything along the way. So we're gonna address all these components as we work through. All right, let's jump to the next lesson. Okay, I think this is an important one. What is marketing and marketing strategy? Let's spend just a brief minute here. So marketing, I want this to be a really simple concept, something that you can internalize and not make.

it to be this monster that's really bigger than it is. Okay. Making it simple. Marketing is getting people to care about what you're offering because they see the value behind what you do and made maybe even more simple. Marketing is just showing people what you do. Okay. That's the entire premise here. And what we're going to do is wrap that up in a couple of different ways that are actually effective, but ultimately all we're doing when we're marketing is showing people what we do and why it can be valuable to them.