renting space from these platforms. So we want to do is with the content that we're publishing, give people a reason. Again, that's where a lead magnet comes into play. Give people a reason with each video. You doesn't have to be every single one, but to come to you and to pick up, Hey, if you like this, download my free lead magnet. You can find the link in my bio, give them a reason to come to you and to actually give them, give you their information so you can pull them into your community and not simply rely on the platforms we want.

to do is use the platforms, understand it's rented space, looking to grow our own space, okay? And then from here, you just experiment and expand the buckets. We're gonna talk about buckets. Buckets is my concept of like, different types of content we're creating, okay? A talking head piece where I give tips just like this. I might have a behind the scenes piece. So I have a behind the scenes bucket. I have a talking head bucket. So I'm gonna expand and try different things. Maybe I try, you know, viral hooks as a bucket. Things that work, I keep.

doing I lean into things that don't I drop I move away from right but we keep experimenting expanding again I'm gonna give you the entire thing here so please don't be overwhelmed with this right now we're gonna start with the top lead with strategic content so we're simply gonna start by understanding SEO and I'm gonna give you the approach to that and then we're gonna expand it into each of these other things as you work through each step in the program okay what I'm gonna mention is there's three E's I didn't make this

This is just good marketing. This has been used in marketing for actually quite some time. Some people argue it's the four E's. I think it's bullshit. You got enough E's, you don't need more E's, we get the idea. The three E's of good content is simply this. Each piece of content, you can design content that does one of these things, like educates, it empowers them with knowledge or information. You can design a piece of content that engages, it gives them relevant content, news, information, something that makes them wanna like, share, discuss something, or it can make it entertaining, right? Content can be that.

It can be fast-paced, visually dynamic, it can be funny, dramatic, all those things. The best content is a little bit of a sweet spot. It kind of hits all three of these. So if we are some sort of a headshot photographer, we might create something that's entertaining. And entertaining is, it always needs to fall into like your personality. If your brand isn't really, if you yourself aren't humorous, then that shouldn't be the way that you entertain, right? If you yourself are quirky, then lean into that side of entertaining, right?

Entertaining can mean a lot of things. I find things that are educational and interesting also entertaining, okay? So just understand we don't need to become comedians here. We don't need to be musicians, but we need to create something that is somewhat entertaining. But let's say you're doing headshots, right? We wanna make something that can educate, something that can engage them. And so what I might do is to make it entertaining, I might say, hey, hey, look, instead of a crappy shot like this, try this instead. And this is literally how I built my, I started.

a TikTok experiment back in 2022 or something like that, 2021. And I got it to 1.4 million followers in six months by literally that hook. Hey, instead of doing this, try this. And I would kind of make it quirky and fun. Like I, I like to, Hey dummy, instead of doing this, like I do try this instead, you know, so it's a little bit self-deprecating it's a little bit, you know, but that works so incredibly well. It's entertaining. You're going to educate them. It's engaging. Hey, what'd you think about this at the end? Give it a shot. Let me know what you think, right?

I'm going to give you ideas on exactly how to do this as we move forward. I just want you to have in mind whether we're writing a piece of content for your website, whether it is a video, whether it's short form, whether it's long form, whether it's a newsletter, whether it's, it doesn't matter what it is, whether it's a lead magnet, there's these three E's of good content. By the way, one of the easiest ways to entertain that I know every one of you are likely going to overlook is just putting your own personality into it.

It's the same thing that I've been having you do on your website. You're about you page. Build your personality into this process and immediately you gain an entertainment factor there that most people don't have because most people aren't generating human kind of content. And believe me, going to this AI world, being human in your content is gonna be a very real form of entertainment, all right? So these are the three E's. This is the leverage framework. Now let's start unpacking and working step-by-step.

through each component. If I started over, here is where I would put my time. This is an idea, this is a glimpse, this is by no means what you have to do. I'm just giving you an idea of what to me would be like non-negotiables, what would to me would be the things that I would do, the things that I feel like are most effective. So early in business, I'm gonna say this, and I gave the fingers like a little pinch, because there's, you know, embrace the grind is this overall

sort of philosophy that I would say has almost become toxic in our culture, especially among millennials. Like, I don't know, it's all over the place. This grind mentality where it's like, I don't know, I get the purpose of grinding, but I want to realize, like we have to realize that grinding is the equivalent of sprinting, okay? Now, you might be able to run a marathon by sprinting a small portion of that marathon, but there is no way you're gonna complete a marathon if you try to sprint the whole thing, right? You're gonna burn out.

real quick. So what we do, what we recognize is that there's moments of grinding. Okay. Early in business is a moment of grinding. And that's why I say embrace the grind with a pinch. Like just you need a pinch of this from time to time because long-term it's not sustainable. So early in business, I would say expect to spend around 10 to 20 hours as you're learning how to market, as you're getting things moving with a bit of time. And I mean, this can be very quick. It all depends on how much you, you focus on like.

improving your process right from the beginning, right? With a bit of time, this can drop to around three to five hours a week. For me, I would say that marketing could be, it really should be four to six hours a week on average, right, and what I try to do is just front load it. So I'll generally do all the marketing work one day of the month, then the rest of the month, I'm kind of like just distributing and publishing as I go. And if you get to a point where you're like, you know, I've got 1,000 bucks to burn, what I would do is just allow someone else to publish it.

You create the marketing assets, the content there, and 500 to 1,000 bucks and someone else will handle the publishing and distribution of that, which can save you a bit of time, right? But let's not worry about that right now because this needs to be in your hands at the beginning of your business so that you can develop a style and a framework. So we're gonna embrace the grind to a level of a pinch of it here and there. Okay, early in my business, if you were to ask me what I would do, this is kind of how I would divide up my time. So I'm gonna.

spend probably two hours a week trying to figure out, well, what is the strategic content pieces? Maybe think of one hour per article that I wanna create for my website, right? So two hours, I wanna get at least one solid piece of good content onto my website for long-term search, for AI search, all of that stuff, to start working for me over time. That's gonna be the same content that guides everything else that I'm creating anyway. So as I create that one piece, it's gonna help me to speed up the.

process of viralizing it because I know what the topics are. So then I'm gonna spend around probably five hours a week or so taking that one resource and turning it into multiple pieces of short form content. Okay. I already know how to do this. So if I'm starting a new business, I'm counting that this might take me five hours. If you are starting a business and you're learning how to do short form content, this might take 10 hours. So this is where there needs to be some flexibility there for your learning curve. Okay. But if I'm starting a new business, this is where I'm focusing in on.

And I'm writing based on, you know, I'm writing based on my experience doing this. So let's say that you had to safely double this. It's still doable for a short period of time, not long-term, but for a short period of time, you can definitely put around 20 hours into your marketing effort for a short period. Right. And then we can taper off. So five hours into there, then I'm going to say, okay, could I use this in terms of like a nurture sequence or an email, like the stuff that I created? If so, I'm going to build.

that into that. So as I get people onto my videos, I have a call to action and I bring them into my newsletter. I bring them into my email sequence so I can capture their lead information. And then I'm going to reach out to the people that I'm featuring. So I'm going to try to like create viral content that actually features people that actually, you know, showcases specific areas, specific, you know, uh, potential companies that I could collaborate with. And I'm going to just simply reach out to them and say, Hey, I featured you in this place. I'd love to be able to grab coffee. I want to be in your area next week.