impact on our business, our views, our leads, everything. This is the beauty about, uh, of content marketing and why I don't want you to kind of like dismiss it, there's another beauty behind this. I'm going to show you an entire system of how to do this. I'm going to show you how to make effective, you know, uh, shorts. I'm going to show you how to make effective articles. I'm going to show you all of it, but let's show you one side of, of this was when I was publishing for Adorama TV. They brought me on to kind of create shorts for them. And all I did was use my framework to create, uh, different videos that would appeal to their audience, right? So people that are interested in photography, people that are interested in gear, all that kind of stuff, the, the circled ones, five natural light.

portrait tips, you know, park portraits with open shade, light painted portraits made simple. These are all the videos that I created. Notice how next to them, these videos are performing 10, anywhere between like five to 20 times more views than their typical. Their typical number of views was somewhere in like the 10 to 20,000 range. I actually picked this screenshot because most of the time they're never even approaching close to 40K. It's more like, you know, between 10 and 20K that they would receive. But look at the performance of these ones, 270,000, 104,000, and the only difference here is content that's designed with a bit of purpose behind it. And I'm gonna show you that entire approach. I took the same model.

and I applied it to friends that I was coaching. Like this was a business that I was coaching. She asked me to help her understand social media better. So what I did was, this was a few years ago, what I did was I took the exact same video that she had and I rewrote the material based on what I'm again gonna give you. And we published the same video 10 days later. So it wasn't like we waited a while. It was like the exact same topic, the exact same video 10 days later. It did 87 times better. So 870,000 views compared to 10,000 views. My friends, this takes all of 30 minutes. These are videos that are recorded with a phone and it's simply good.

Ideas, good material. She was a life coach, so she's giving a simple lesson on something. With the right approach, you can generate substantial amounts of views. And for context, if I was paying for 870,000 impressions, that's a lot of money. I would probably need to spend around, well, it's a lot. Let's just say, I'm gonna throw a ballpark number out there. This isn't even an accurate number. But let's say that we're paying $5 or more realistic. Let's say $10 for 1,000 impressions, okay? $10 for 1,000 impressions. This would have cost me, so 1,000 times 873,000, that would have cost.

me $8,700 to do this. So what I want you to see in this is that organic marketing when it's done well, those views are valuable. And on top of that, there's a, I wish I would have built this slide in. I need you to understand that the number of views is not necessarily the most important thing. A lot of us get down on something when a video only reaches or something that we post only reaches 250 or 500 people. But if you think about that, that's huge. 500 people is enough to fill an entire lecture room, an entire stage where the people, all that matters is that those 500 people are actually interested in what we're saying.

What's far more important than the views is the targeting. It's the way that we're creating the content, making sure that it appeals to our target audience. Because if you get 500 views on something that is directly related to your client's experience of what they're looking for, you're gonna get conversions, okay? You're gonna get leads from that. So I don't want you to get lost in this. What I simply want you to understand from seeing this is that with the right framework, holy crap, we can get so many targeted, good views out of social media and I don't want you to sleep on that idea. None of this, by the way, required any sort of dancing, anything goofy. This is literally just giving thoughts, advice.

you know, speaking to the pain points that the audience is having, okay? Now, if you need another reason why, so here's why part three. Why not start with paid ads? Well, this is my take, is that until you understand your audience, until you understand ad copy and creative, high-converting landing page design and paid, until you understand all those components, paid ads are generally gonna be a waste of money. Now, what I've found is that typically, somebody needs around two to three years in their business before they really know their audience, before they really know what resonates with them, before they truly have defined their niche and their approach.

and the value that they're doing. Like it takes us a few years to understand this. So in my opinion, the best way to learn paid advertising is actually to understand organic marketing. Because organic marketing is this beautiful window. If you've got a piece of organic content that lands and you're like, man, this thing performed 80 times better, 10 times better, 50 times better than my average, then you go, okay, now I'm gonna make a piece of paid ad content that follows the exact same approach with a call to action on it. Now you have a very effective paid ad and you got there by basically making organic content. So in my opinion, organic.

is actually the best filter for what it is that you want to do in terms of paid content. It's also the best training machine for it too, and you're benefiting along the way. The last thing I'm going to say is this, and this number I think is actually low. I think we're closer to 40 million, but I asked Justin to safely, conservatively come up with what we've generated in terms of studio revenue over the past 15 years. So we're conservatively, we've generated over $30 million of revenue before we ever touched paid ads, meaning we did touch paid ads early. We just sucked at it. We got no result from it, and so we quit, and so we focused purely

on just organic marketing over those 15 years until like just this last year. Now you might be asking like why this last year are we doing some paid ads? Like I said, think of marketing as that table, right? If we're going to say okay the partners are busy with families now, I'm working on education, Justin just wants to do the management side, Chris wants to build other things, and all of us want to spend more time with our families, and if none of us are willing to do the organic content side anymore, then we have to give up something, right? So in our position right now it's like okay, well we've already done all this, we'll let that stuff continue.

And right now we'll supplement what we don't wanna do with paid ads because we know how to do it at this point. So that's the only reason that going into 2025, we've kind of are like kind of shifting our focus a bit. And since 2019, we've just been lazy mother effers. We just been like, okay, we're doing fine. We don't need to do anything. But look, I need you to understand that this was all accomplished from organic marketing efforts. There's so much potential here that you can do. And I'm not saying you need to build a seven figure studio at all. What I'm saying is, don't sleep on this. Don't sleep on organic because most people do and they don't realize what exactly they're giving up, okay?

The focus here throughout this program is to teach you organic marketing. My goal is to help you build this lead generation funnel that continues to deliver value over time. Now what I will say is this, if you want to go into paid ads, I'm not going to focus this program on it here because honestly, we would need to have a completely separate space, a separate coaching environment to do paid ads because there's so much there to cover. From landing page design to how to put together creative copy, how to put together good creatives, what do you do in offers, how do you actually analyze results, how do you modify running multiple campaigns, A-B testing, there's so much there that this is a separate program and there's so much potential here.

that we don't need it. So I won't say not to do it, but if that's something you want to explore, this is my suggestion, my advice to make it effective. So number one is make sure, make sure, make sure your brand is dialed. So you've completed steps one through five in this program. In fact, you can think of everything inside of 10K, 2K as the prerequisite to ever doing that, okay? To ever doing paid advertising. Because if you don't have the ability to, well, like steps one through five, convert views into leads, okay? Steps six through 11, let's have leads coming from other places other than paid ads, so we're not overly reliant on it, so it's not live or die by paid ads. And steps 12 through 16.

16 or 15 is closing, right? If you can't close, again, what's the point in running paid ads? So all the stuff here is basically the prerequisite for it, but required, required, required is steps one through five. You need to also have an offer that's dialed. This is conversion design, okay? This is a bit different than like designing a homepage of a website. This is landing page design or conversion design, which is a different strategy. We need three months of ad budget runway, which means that on top of like the expense of say, hiring somebody to help you or going to a coach, an educational program, you need to have at least three months of ad budget runway where you're not expecting to make money.