let's go into what is organic marketing versus basically the idea of paid marketing right paid ads and why not basically start with paid ads okay so first I'm gonna ask this question of which party would you rather go to right if these were two parties if this is one that you walk by on the street and this is one that you saw you know at a stadium everyone's having fun which of these two things would you rather go to now most of us if we're talking about a party and we're not looking to get murdered would probably choose the one on the right right we want to choose the restaurant that's already busy we want to choose the place maybe not overly packed but at least has some people in

in there. We tend to find that it's a bit of a red flag when we see a business and nobody is patronizing that business. Nobody's going to that business, right? A restaurant with no people in it, a party that doesn't have a line, or we can't even tell that there's people inside, all those things. This in a nutshell is content marketing. Jose said, yeah, sometimes a few of you have responded with like, I would go to the one on the left. And Jose said, my survival instincts are terrible. Yes, don't do it. Don't do the one on the left, just for the sake of principle and staying alive. Look, content marketing is basically the idea of just creating valuable content for your audience while making your part.

feel full right and along the way we're basically generating long-term marketing assets which means a long-term marketing asset is something that continues to pay dividends even if you're not actually actively working at it right paid ads these are only effective so long as you're paying for them so they're short-term marketing assets whereas content marketing everything we're gonna be doing is gonna become a long-term marketing asset so something that's gonna pay over time so what are examples of this and don't worry I'm gonna give you concrete guidance through all this and very tactical guidance but just at a high level making your party look full can come

come from all these different ways, right? We could be publishing and talking about paid client shoots. We could be showing test or concept shoots. We don't have to say they're test shoots or concept shoots. We just show our work, right? These are shoots with friends and family. Again, we don't have to distinguish who it is that we're photographing. Styled shoots, contests and giveaways, purposeful spec work. This is like you want to get a fitness brand so you're gonna do some fitness shoots with an influencer or something to create the material that you would need to approach that brand. All of these are examples of how you can make your party look full. Make it look like you're busy because you are busy. Whether it's you're shooting with, whether you're working with paid clients or whether you're practicing.

for the work that you want to do or generating content for the work you want to create, the clients that you want to bring in, you are busy, right? So that's the idea of this. What I want to say is this, content marketing is generally only effective. So this is the big but behind it. It's only effective when you're showing imagery or providing inspiration value that resonates with your target audience. This is why I'm huge into this idea of like, look, I don't want you just to go out and plan test shoots and go to these workshops and go to these conferences just to go and build your portfolio when you don't know.

who you're actually marketing to, because there's a huge chance, a 90% chance, that the images you create are gonna have nothing to do with the actual audience you're trying to appeal to. So understand that content marketing, whether it comes in the form of imagery, whether it comes in the form of an article, whether it's a post, I don't care what it is, it's only effective if it resonates with your target audience, which means we have to know who that is, right? The other thing I'm gonna say is this. I want you to think of content marketing as this long-term marketing asset, right? When we look at paid ads, I want you to think of it as like renting, okay? You're renting a direct marketing.

marketing effort, so you're renting the platform, whatever platform you're choosing, to basically get these views made for you, to get people to act quickly. So we think of paid ads as a short-term marketing asset, and they can be very effective. The only trick is you need a course much like this one, or a professional who already knows how to do this, to be able to implement it for you to actually be very effective. So there's a lot of things on that side that might prevent us from going this route, but the idea here is that you're renting time and space to get those eyeballs. When you stop paying, you're no longer getting those eyeballs.

why would we want, say, paid ads, or why would we want content marketing over paid ads? And we're gonna talk about the disadvantages too, okay? It's not like one of these things is just the king of all things, right? So the first thing, advantages of content marketing over paid advertising is that generally you have a six times higher conversion rate, right? Now, this is a little bit of a, well, we'll talk about that in just a moment, okay? Up to 600% higher conversion rate with this side. The reason why is because as you're giving people value and you're helping them, you're showing them what you do, you're giving them inspiration, you effectively are creating more consumer trust.

This is something that they're actively interested in. They like to see. It's not just an ad that's served to them at a time that maybe they're not that interested in that thing, right? Or they're not ready yet for a purchase. So there's a big difference in terms of the psychology and seeing an ad versus seeing a piece of content that we appreciate, that we enjoy, right? It's also effective as a long-term asset. And you might go, well, but Pi, on social media, if you post something, it's pretty much buried within a couple of days. First, that's not necessarily the case. Videos will get served up over time, even on social media, whether it's YouTube, whether it's Instagram, they get served up over time. But the other thing too, is that you're not only relying on like, you're not only.

using the views from those videos, you're also building an actual audience there, right? People that are following you. So if you have 10,000, 20,000, 30,000, 40,000 people following you and a future bride or a future, you know, portrait client sees that, there's a lot of trust there in the fact that you already have a lot of people at your party, okay? So this is a long-term asset. Seeing, it's one form of credibility, of social proof that your party is full. It's not the thing that matters most, but it is one form of social proof. So at a minimum, we're still building that, right? So we get long-term assets out of this, and I'm gonna teach you how to make it even more effective long-term. It's also free.

What I mean by free is it's not necessarily free all set and done because it does take your time, but what I mean is there's no out-of-pocket cost, which is a big deal when we're just launching our business and maybe we're struggling to like, we don't want to keep spending on things like paid ads, especially if we're not sure if it's going to be effective yet. We want to keep expenses low. There are disadvantages and this would be the advantage of paid ads. When it's done effectively, paid advertising can result in an immediate result, okay? That was a weird way of saying that, but the effect of paid advertising can come very quickly versus content marketing generally has a bit of a runway. We need to be doing it consistently.

for two, three months before we start seeing an effect. All right, so that is the biggest advantage to paid ads is that side. Also the ability to put the ad directly in front of people that are basically in the exact phase that we need them to be in terms of buying, right? There's an ability to target. Targeting your audience is much more clinical and precise in a paid ad versus say organic where it's served to people that have a general interest in something, okay? And we don't really have much control as far as who sees it. All right, but here's another why of content marketing. I took this.

screenshot towards the, it was about a year ago, the beginning of 2024. And I was showing basically our website traffic over the slowest three months of the year. So this is search traffic just from Google Console over the 28 days. And what I wanna show you is there's 1.3 million impressions, and the reason why I'm not showing you like a version of this right now is because it's, we are using some paid ads right now. I want you to see only organic views right now, or from the screenshot. So this is only organic traffic. We had 20,000 total clicks, 1.3 million impressions, 19,000 unique visitors, and 274 of them converted, okay? This is on a website.

we haven't worked on in years, like literally since probably 2018, 2019 was the last time we touched the website. We haven't generated content for the website in years. We haven't done anything with this and it's still generating views. And if our goal was to, again, maximize revenue from Lineage or so, the first place I would go is, well, if we've got 20,000 visitors, let's build a system to get better conversions. I wouldn't even look at trying to get more impressions. Let's raise our conversion rate. But again, for us, we're at a different place in our business and whatnot. What I want you to understand is that these five years later the work that we had done on the marketing side was still having a massive impact.