let's go into what is organic marketing versus basically the idea of paid marketing right paid ads and why not basically start with paid ads okay so first I'm gonna ask this question of which party would you rather go to right if these were two parties if this is one that you walk by on the street and this is one that you saw you know at a stadium everyone's having fun which of these two things would you rather go to now most of us if we're talking about a party and we're not looking to get murdered would probably choose the one on the right right we want to choose the restaurant that's already busy we want to choose the place maybe not overly packed but at least has some people in

in there. We tend to find that it's a bit of a red flag when we see a business and nobody is patronizing that business. Nobody's going to that business, right? A restaurant with no people in it, a party that doesn't have a line, or we can't even tell that there's people inside, all those things. This in a nutshell is content marketing. Jose said, yeah, sometimes a few of you have responded with like, I would go to the one on the left. And Jose said, my survival instincts are terrible. Yes, don't do it. Don't do the one on the left, just for the sake of principle and staying alive. Look, content marketing is basically the idea of just creating valuable content for your audience while making your part.

feel full right and along the way we're basically generating long-term marketing assets which means a long-term marketing asset is something that continues to pay dividends even if you're not actually actively working at it right paid ads these are only effective so long as you're paying for them so they're short-term marketing assets whereas content marketing everything we're gonna be doing is gonna become a long-term marketing asset so something that's gonna pay over time so what are examples of this and don't worry I'm gonna give you concrete guidance through all this and very tactical guidance but just at a high level making your party look full can come

come from all these different ways, right? We could be publishing and talking about paid client shoots. We could be showing test or concept shoots. We don't have to say they're test shoots or concept shoots. We just show our work, right? These are shoots with friends and family. Again, we don't have to distinguish who it is that we're photographing. Styled shoots, contests and giveaways, purposeful spec work. This is like you want to get a fitness brand so you're gonna do some fitness shoots with an influencer or something to create the material that you would need to approach that brand. All of these are examples of how you can make your party look full. Make it look like you're busy because you are busy. Whether it's you're shooting with, whether you're working with paid clients or whether you're practicing.

for the work that you want to do or generating content for the work you want to create, the clients that you want to bring in, you are busy, right? So that's the idea of this. What I want to say is this, content marketing is generally only effective. So this is the big but behind it. It's only effective when you're showing imagery or providing inspiration value that resonates with your target audience. This is why I'm huge into this idea of like, look, I don't want you just to go out and plan test shoots and go to these workshops and go to these conferences just to go and build your portfolio when you don't know.

who you're actually marketing to, because there's a huge chance, a 90% chance, that the images you create are gonna have nothing to do with the actual audience you're trying to appeal to. So understand that content marketing, whether it comes in the form of imagery, whether it comes in the form of an article, whether it's a post, I don't care what it is, it's only effective if it resonates with your target audience, which means we have to know who that is, right? The other thing I'm gonna say is this. I want you to think of content marketing as this long-term marketing asset, right? When we look at paid ads, I want you to think of it as like renting, okay? You're renting a direct marketing.

marketing effort, so you're renting the platform, whatever platform you're choosing, to basically get these views made for you, to get people to act quickly. So we think of paid ads as a short-term marketing asset, and they can be very effective. The only trick is you need a course much like this one, or a professional who already knows how to do this, to be able to implement it for you to actually be very effective. So there's a lot of things on that side that might prevent us from going this route, but the idea here is that you're renting time and space to get those eyeballs. When you stop paying, you're no longer getting those eyeballs.

why would we want, say, paid ads, or why would we want content marketing over paid ads? And we're gonna talk about the disadvantages too, okay? It's not like one of these things is just the king of all things, right? So the first thing, advantages of content marketing over paid advertising is that generally you have a six times higher conversion rate, right? Now, this is a little bit of a, well, we'll talk about that in just a moment, okay? Up to 600% higher conversion rate with this side. The reason why is because as you're giving people value and you're helping them, you're showing them what you do, you're giving them inspiration, you effectively are creating more consumer trust.

This is something that they're actively interested in. They like to see. It's not just an ad that's served to them at a time that maybe they're not that interested in that thing, right? Or they're not ready yet for a purchase. So there's a big difference in terms of the psychology and seeing an ad versus seeing a piece of content that we appreciate, that we enjoy, right? It's also effective as a long-term asset. And you might go, well, but Pi, on social media, if you post something, it's pretty much buried within a couple of days. First, that's not necessarily the case. Videos will get served up over time, even on social media, whether it's YouTube, whether it's Instagram, they get served up over time. But the other thing too, is that you're not only relying on like, you're not only.

using the views from those videos, you're also building an actual audience there, right? People that are following you. So if you have 10,000, 20,000, 30,000, 40,000 people following you and a future bride or a future, you know, portrait client sees that, there's a lot of trust there in the fact that you already have a lot of people at your party, okay? So this is a long-term asset. Seeing, it's one form of credibility, of social proof that your party is full. It's not the thing that matters most, but it is one form of social proof. So at a minimum, we're still building that, right? So we get long-term assets out of this, and I'm gonna teach you how to make it even more effective long-term. It's also free.

What I mean by free is it's not necessarily free all set and done because it does take your time, but what I mean is there's no out-of-pocket cost, which is a big deal when we're just launching our business and maybe we're struggling to like, we don't want to keep spending on things like paid ads, especially if we're not sure if it's going to be effective yet. We want to keep expenses low. There are disadvantages and this would be the advantage of paid ads. When it's done effectively, paid advertising can result in an immediate result, okay? That was a weird way of saying that, but the effect of paid advertising can come very quickly versus content marketing generally has a bit of a runway. We need to be doing it consistently.

for two, three months before we start seeing an effect. All right, so that is the biggest advantage to paid ads is that side. Also the ability to put the ad directly in front of people that are basically in the exact phase that we need them to be in terms of buying, right? There's an ability to target. Targeting your audience is much more clinical and precise in a paid ad versus say organic where it's served to people that have a general interest in something, okay? And we don't really have much control as far as who sees it. All right, but here's another why of content marketing. I took this.

screenshot towards the, it was about a year ago, the beginning of 2024. And I was showing basically our website traffic over the slowest three months of the year. So this is search traffic just from Google Console over the 28 days. And what I wanna show you is there's 1.3 million impressions, and the reason why I'm not showing you like a version of this right now is because it's, we are using some paid ads right now. I want you to see only organic views right now, or from the screenshot. So this is only organic traffic. We had 20,000 total clicks, 1.3 million impressions, 19,000 unique visitors, and 274 of them converted, okay? This is on a website.

we haven't worked on in years, like literally since probably 2018, 2019 was the last time we touched the website. We haven't generated content for the website in years. We haven't done anything with this and it's still generating views. And if our goal was to, again, maximize revenue from Lineage or so, the first place I would go is, well, if we've got 20,000 visitors, let's build a system to get better conversions. I wouldn't even look at trying to get more impressions. Let's raise our conversion rate. But again, for us, we're at a different place in our business and whatnot. What I want you to understand is that these five years later the work that we had done on the marketing side was still having a massive impact.

impact on our business, our views, our leads, everything. This is the beauty about, uh, of content marketing and why I don't want you to kind of like dismiss it, there's another beauty behind this. I'm going to show you an entire system of how to do this. I'm going to show you how to make effective, you know, uh, shorts. I'm going to show you how to make effective articles. I'm going to show you all of it, but let's show you one side of, of this was when I was publishing for Adorama TV. They brought me on to kind of create shorts for them. And all I did was use my framework to create, uh, different videos that would appeal to their audience, right? So people that are interested in photography, people that are interested in gear, all that kind of stuff, the, the circled ones, five natural light.

portrait tips, you know, park portraits with open shade, light painted portraits made simple. These are all the videos that I created. Notice how next to them, these videos are performing 10, anywhere between like five to 20 times more views than their typical. Their typical number of views was somewhere in like the 10 to 20,000 range. I actually picked this screenshot because most of the time they're never even approaching close to 40K. It's more like, you know, between 10 and 20K that they would receive. But look at the performance of these ones, 270,000, 104,000, and the only difference here is content that's designed with a bit of purpose behind it. And I'm gonna show you that entire approach. I took the same model.

and I applied it to friends that I was coaching. Like this was a business that I was coaching. She asked me to help her understand social media better. So what I did was, this was a few years ago, what I did was I took the exact same video that she had and I rewrote the material based on what I'm again gonna give you. And we published the same video 10 days later. So it wasn't like we waited a while. It was like the exact same topic, the exact same video 10 days later. It did 87 times better. So 870,000 views compared to 10,000 views. My friends, this takes all of 30 minutes. These are videos that are recorded with a phone and it's simply good.

Ideas, good material. She was a life coach, so she's giving a simple lesson on something. With the right approach, you can generate substantial amounts of views. And for context, if I was paying for 870,000 impressions, that's a lot of money. I would probably need to spend around, well, it's a lot. Let's just say, I'm gonna throw a ballpark number out there. This isn't even an accurate number. But let's say that we're paying $5 or more realistic. Let's say $10 for 1,000 impressions, okay? $10 for 1,000 impressions. This would have cost me, so 1,000 times 873,000, that would have cost.

me $8,700 to do this. So what I want you to see in this is that organic marketing when it's done well, those views are valuable. And on top of that, there's a, I wish I would have built this slide in. I need you to understand that the number of views is not necessarily the most important thing. A lot of us get down on something when a video only reaches or something that we post only reaches 250 or 500 people. But if you think about that, that's huge. 500 people is enough to fill an entire lecture room, an entire stage where the people, all that matters is that those 500 people are actually interested in what we're saying.

What's far more important than the views is the targeting. It's the way that we're creating the content, making sure that it appeals to our target audience. Because if you get 500 views on something that is directly related to your client's experience of what they're looking for, you're gonna get conversions, okay? You're gonna get leads from that. So I don't want you to get lost in this. What I simply want you to understand from seeing this is that with the right framework, holy crap, we can get so many targeted, good views out of social media and I don't want you to sleep on that idea. None of this, by the way, required any sort of dancing, anything goofy. This is literally just giving thoughts, advice.

you know, speaking to the pain points that the audience is having, okay? Now, if you need another reason why, so here's why part three. Why not start with paid ads? Well, this is my take, is that until you understand your audience, until you understand ad copy and creative, high-converting landing page design and paid, until you understand all those components, paid ads are generally gonna be a waste of money. Now, what I've found is that typically, somebody needs around two to three years in their business before they really know their audience, before they really know what resonates with them, before they truly have defined their niche and their approach.

and the value that they're doing. Like it takes us a few years to understand this. So in my opinion, the best way to learn paid advertising is actually to understand organic marketing. Because organic marketing is this beautiful window. If you've got a piece of organic content that lands and you're like, man, this thing performed 80 times better, 10 times better, 50 times better than my average, then you go, okay, now I'm gonna make a piece of paid ad content that follows the exact same approach with a call to action on it. Now you have a very effective paid ad and you got there by basically making organic content. So in my opinion, organic.

is actually the best filter for what it is that you want to do in terms of paid content. It's also the best training machine for it too, and you're benefiting along the way. The last thing I'm going to say is this, and this number I think is actually low. I think we're closer to 40 million, but I asked Justin to safely, conservatively come up with what we've generated in terms of studio revenue over the past 15 years. So we're conservatively, we've generated over $30 million of revenue before we ever touched paid ads, meaning we did touch paid ads early. We just sucked at it. We got no result from it, and so we quit, and so we focused purely

on just organic marketing over those 15 years until like just this last year. Now you might be asking like why this last year are we doing some paid ads? Like I said, think of marketing as that table, right? If we're going to say okay the partners are busy with families now, I'm working on education, Justin just wants to do the management side, Chris wants to build other things, and all of us want to spend more time with our families, and if none of us are willing to do the organic content side anymore, then we have to give up something, right? So in our position right now it's like okay, well we've already done all this, we'll let that stuff continue.

And right now we'll supplement what we don't wanna do with paid ads because we know how to do it at this point. So that's the only reason that going into 2025, we've kind of are like kind of shifting our focus a bit. And since 2019, we've just been lazy mother effers. We just been like, okay, we're doing fine. We don't need to do anything. But look, I need you to understand that this was all accomplished from organic marketing efforts. There's so much potential here that you can do. And I'm not saying you need to build a seven figure studio at all. What I'm saying is, don't sleep on this. Don't sleep on organic because most people do and they don't realize what exactly they're giving up, okay?

The focus here throughout this program is to teach you organic marketing. My goal is to help you build this lead generation funnel that continues to deliver value over time. Now what I will say is this, if you want to go into paid ads, I'm not going to focus this program on it here because honestly, we would need to have a completely separate space, a separate coaching environment to do paid ads because there's so much there to cover. From landing page design to how to put together creative copy, how to put together good creatives, what do you do in offers, how do you actually analyze results, how do you modify running multiple campaigns, A-B testing, there's so much there that this is a separate program and there's so much potential here.

that we don't need it. So I won't say not to do it, but if that's something you want to explore, this is my suggestion, my advice to make it effective. So number one is make sure, make sure, make sure your brand is dialed. So you've completed steps one through five in this program. In fact, you can think of everything inside of 10K, 2K as the prerequisite to ever doing that, okay? To ever doing paid advertising. Because if you don't have the ability to, well, like steps one through five, convert views into leads, okay? Steps six through 11, let's have leads coming from other places other than paid ads, so we're not overly reliant on it, so it's not live or die by paid ads. And steps 12 through 16.

16 or 15 is closing, right? If you can't close, again, what's the point in running paid ads? So all the stuff here is basically the prerequisite for it, but required, required, required is steps one through five. You need to also have an offer that's dialed. This is conversion design, okay? This is a bit different than like designing a homepage of a website. This is landing page design or conversion design, which is a different strategy. We need three months of ad budget runway, which means that on top of like the expense of say, hiring somebody to help you or going to a coach, an educational program, you need to have at least three months of ad budget runway where you're not expecting to make money.

I would recommend finding a trusted coach or program. I'm actually trying to figure out on this side like who we can potentially bring in if those of you that want to go somewhere, someone that we can recommend on that side. But for right now, let me just leave it there. And then only effective while paying. We have to remember that. It's only effective while paying. And it adds fatigue with time. Meaning you need to understand that once you have a paid ad that's working, I hear this all the time. Someone says, oh man, I just gotta get my paid ads dialed and then once they're dialed, I'm just gonna keep running them, keep scaling them. That's not the way paid ads work. As you scale a paid ad, it becomes less efficient. And over time, it becomes less efficient.

less efficient as well. Your ability, the entire premise of doing paid advertising is all about efficiency design. It's all about how do I boost conversion rates by a small amount because that makes a massive difference overall. So ads are gonna fatigue and you're constantly gonna be in the process of revamping and tweaking and adjusting. This becomes your focus in your work when you're going this route. I don't wanna discourage you from it. I want you to have a clear picture of what this is so that you're not convinced by someone that this is your silver bullet. There is no such thing, okay? There is no silver bullet. What I'm giving you, in my opinion, is the silver bullet.

It's the one that, and even then I would qualify it and say it's not that because it still takes a substantial amount of time, but once you're generating like organic content, it's this thing that's going to continue delivering for your business over time. I'll show you how exactly we're going to do it. Okay, I think we're done here. Let's jump to the next lesson.