If I started over, here is where I would put my time. This is an idea, this is a glimpse, this is by no means what you have to do. I'm just giving you an idea of what to me would be like non-negotiables, what to me would be the things that I would do, the things that I feel like are most effective. So early in business, I'm gonna say this, and I gave the fingers like a little pinch because there's, you know, embrace the grind is this overall sort of philosophy that I would say is almost.

become toxic in our culture, especially among millennials. Like, I don't know, it's all over the place. This grind mentality where it's like, I don't know, I get the purpose of grinding, but I want to realize, like we have to realize that grinding is the equivalent of sprinting, okay? Now, you might be able to run a marathon by sprinting a small portion of that marathon, but there is no way you're gonna complete a marathon if you try to sprint the whole thing, right? You're gonna burn out real quick. So what we do, what we.

is that there's moments of grinding okay early in business is a moment of grinding that's why I say embrace the grind with a pinch like just you need a pinch of this from time to time because long term it's not sustainable so early in business I would say expect to spend around 10 to 20 hours as you're learning how to market as you're getting things moving with a bit of time and I mean this can be very quick it all depends on how much you you focus on like improving your process right from the beginning

planning, right? With a bit of time, this can drop to around three to five hours a week. For me, I would say that marketing could be, uh, well, it really should be four to six hours a week on average. Right? And what I try to do is just front load it. So I'll generally do all the marketing work one day of the month. Then the rest of the month, I'm kind of like just distributing and publishing as I go. And if you get to a point where you're like, you know, I've got a thousand bucks to burn. What I would do is just allow someone else to publish it. You do the, you create the marketing assets.

content there and, you know, 500 to a thousand bucks and someone else will handle the publishing and distribution of that, which can save you a bit of time, right? But let's not worry about that right now because this needs to be in your hands at the beginning of your business so that you can develop a style and a framework. So we're gonna embrace the grind to a level of a pinch of it here and there. Okay. Early in my business, if you were to ask me what I would do, this is kind of how I would divide up my time. So I'm gonna spend probably two hours a week trying to.

figure out, well, what is the strategic content pieces? Maybe think of one hour per article that I wanna create for my website, right? So two hours, I wanna get at least one solid piece of good content onto my website for long-term search, for AI search, all of that stuff, to start working for me over time. That's gonna be the same kind of that guides everything else that I'm creating anyway. So as I create that one piece, it's gonna help me to speed up the process of viralizing it because I know at the time.

topics are. So then I'm going to spend around probably five hours a week or so taking that one resource and turning it into multiple pieces of short form content, okay? I already know how to do this. So if I'm starting a new business, I'm counting that this might take me five hours. If you are starting a business and you're learning how to do short form content, this might take 10 hours. So this is where there needs to be some flexibility there for your learning curve, okay? But if I'm starting a new business, this is where I'm focusing in on. And I'm writing based on, you know,

I'm writing based on my experience doing this. So let's say that you had to safely double this, it's still doable for a short period of time. Not long term, but for a short period of time, you can definitely put around 20 hours into your marketing effort for a short period, right? And then we can taper off. So five hours into there. Then I'm gonna say, okay, could I use this in terms of like a nurture sequence or an email, like the stuff that I created? If so, I'm gonna build that into this. So as I get people.

onto my videos, I have a call to action and I bring them into my newsletter. I bring them into my email sequence so I can capture their lead information. And then I'm gonna reach out to the people that I'm featuring. So I'm gonna try to like create viral content that actually features people, that actually showcases specific areas, specific potential companies that I could collaborate with. And I'm gonna just simply reach out to them and say, hey, I featured you in this place. I'd love to be able to grab coffee. I wanna be in your area next week on Thursday. You have time?

So all the stuff that I'm creating, I would just reach out to partnerships to start, like, this is such an easy way to expand your audience and expand your network with people who are actually gonna send you business because you've already been helping them in theirs, okay? Now, later in business, you lean into kind of what's working and what feels sustainable to you. So as the business becomes established, I might shift my time a little bit where now I just need one hour a week on average and I might group this up where I'm doing it all on one day.

day. So maybe I create my article and I do all my short form content and everything on one day of the month. But this is about the time that it would take, right? So I'd spend one day and I figure out how I'm going to repurpose or sorry, repurpose kind of goes in the next piece on that one day a month. I'd also kind of experiment and figure out, is there other types of content that I want to try out? So I'm going to spend one day, eight to 10 hours in that one day. And so on average per week, that's really only a few hours, right? But we're just putting it all in one group. And then throughout.

the week, I kind of repurpose and reshare. So I go to the library, my asset library, and I figure out, okay, I'm going to republish this one. The next day I'm going to spend 15 minutes publishing something new. The next day I'm going to spend another 15 minutes publishing something else. So I repurpose and I basically focus on resharing and that's where the time goes. But this is like a sample week of once we're kind of established. So what I want you to get from this is early on as we want to move the needle, a little bit more effort is important.

important. And if you say something like, I don't want to do social media or short form content, understand that this is a huge asset to you. So if you're going to replace an asset this big, it needs to be that effort. That time needs to go into something else that can be just as effective for you. Okay. Maybe that's your partnerships. You're going to spend that much more time here, networking, getting in front of the right people doing all that, but it needs to be made up somewhere.

But for me, social media, it's one of those things where as soon as you have a decent size following, and I would say decent on any level is like 10,000 plus. As soon as you have a decent size following, it makes people wanna work with you. It makes people wanna refer you. It makes clients more likely to book you. So it feels like too big of a piece of our business in this world to leave behind and to say, I don't wanna do that thing. By the way, when someone says I don't wanna do a thing, I say, I don't wanna do a thing.

generally try to understand why, because usually the reason someone doesn't want to do social media is the fear of it. It's usually the idea that it's too much work. Uh, all of these things are things that we can resolve. If there's a, an idea that you just hate something like, Oh, this just goes against who I am. That's where I don't necessarily want to change you, but I want you to redirect your time into something else that is just as effective. Um, but if it's a fear, if it's a worry, if it's a technical concern, all those things are things that we're going to address. And those are things that once you overcome, you can really start to enjoy

something. What I'm going to say with all of this as well is a friend last week actually told me this quote and then I went and looked up who it came from. It was Theodore Roosevelt who said the original version of this but it kind of got modernized over time. So today what we say is what he told me, Frank told me was do what you can and when you can do more, do more and I was like that's such a great concept. He was telling me this because I was getting down as far as my fitness goals because my ACL is trashed.

having, I wanted to get my purple belt this year in Jiu-Jitsu, everything has slowed down, I can't compete, I can't do all that." And so he said, do what you can and when you can do more, do more. So I thought it was very inspired and it was something that I wanted to share with you guys as well. So shout out to Frank. All right, we're done with this lesson, let's jump to the next one.