design process. Niche keywords, however, are unlimited. These are specific phrases that someone's typing in based on their client journey. So some examples of primary versus secondary, right? A primary keyword, Los Angeles pet photography. This is broad. They're looking for a general business in an area. New York family photography, Salt Lake City wedding photography. These are all broad terms. There's gonna be good search volume. So a good number of people are searching for this, but there's also a good number of people competing for these search terms. Broad keywords are generally what we try to design the homepage of your website to cover, okay?

It's a broad keyword that encompasses kind of your overall strategy or positioning. But it's not that important. I'm gonna talk about why in just a moment. Niche keywords, these are the keywords that are more narrow and they go into, say, your articles, your resources. If you wanna put it under your blog, that's fine too, but I prefer it under kind of a permanent page. Or not a permanent page, we'll talk about it in a second. But these are unlimited. So it's how do I choose a wedding photographer? I was gonna say the perfect wedding photographer, but what are personal branding portraits? Tips on posing newborn babies for photos.

search volume for each of these is going to be lower, but it's a lot more narrow and focused. So not only is there less competition for these terms, the people looking for these answers are going to be very specifically targeted to what we do. So if we provide them value, if we give them answers in this journey, we're very likely to convert them. Now here is the big piece of this. Most people, they're going to find you from niche or these secondary keywords, meaning like because these are less competitive, that's where most people are actually going to enter your website from, is from these articles.

resources. The primary keyword is just a long-term goal. In fact, it's a long-term goal that we're not even going to spend much time on getting. You're going to get it over time naturally by doing the things that you're going to do to build your business. So we're not even going to worry too much about that. What we're going to do instead is focus on all these ways, these niche keywords that we can use to quickly have an effect on our business. So understand that most people will enter your website not even through the landing page but through possibly Google image search or possibly like a regular search or possibly an AI search, all of which takes them to a blog entry or it takes them to a resource page on your website.

That's where the majority of our views still come from, is from all of our niche topics. Okay, so the other component, remember how I said what is, let's see, the strategy, the two simple keys here is the keyword strategy. That's keyword strategy, okay? We have a primary keyword, we have niche keywords. That just defines the category of what it is that we're talking about. The other component here is website authority. This is relevance. That means if someone writes an article on how to plan for your newborn photo session, and you also write an article on how to plan for your newborn photo session, then website authority becomes.

the difference maker between who shows up first in this order. You think of it as like the website authority is what is the likelihood of these people being right? If they have more authority, the likelihood of them being right is higher. The way that this is done, it depends on a number of things, right? But the way that website authority works is it determines the rank or order that these websites are presented from search based on the topic that's entered and what it depends on are all of these items, the website and the content quality. So it's actually looking like if you've got a shitty website, that's factored into this. Again.

why we tackled that in steps one through five. If you've got misspellings on your website, that's factored into this. If the quality of your content on your website is not great, if you're writing for search engines instead of for people, all of these factors will slam your website authority. But other things that matter too is the number of inbound links. Think of these like referrals from other people. So if another wedding vendor or if another pet photography business links over to you and says, hey, check out this work, that boosts your authority. Think of it like a digital referral, okay? The way that a search.

and thinks is well the more people that are digitally referring this website the better that website must be just like an in-person referral if I refer another business they must be good right number of outbound links these are links that go to other websites these are links that go in well we'll talk about internal linking structure as well but outbound links kind of send a little bit of your link juice outward which is great that's how we're gonna kind of give a little bit of link juice to other businesses and bring them in and say hey I even linked to you I gave you a link right here on my website it's valuable having those links okay the internal

linking structure, can people find pages in your website from another one? Is there a footer that guides us? Is there a good menu system? Are there links throughout that take us from one page to the next, right? Yes, along with the, think about this too, along with inbound and outbound links, the value, and again, this gets more into the weeds that we'll talk about in the next module, but there's a value associated to links as well. If your website authority is higher, the value of your links that you're sending are better. Vice versa, if you're receiving a link from a valuable website, from a website that has a high authority, that's valuable.

that's good, it's even better if they have a high authority and it's relating to the topic that you're in, right? The thing that you do. So there's a way that we kind of dictate quality of links, but the thing is, I'm really not even gonna tell you, we're not gonna spend a huge portion of our time focusing on link building because these are things that will happen naturally over time. I will give you ideas and strategies if that's something you want to do, but again, I think over time, these methods are going to become outdated as we push forward in this kind of next generation. So I don't want you to spend too much time on certain things. So domain age, site speed, all of these things are gonna have an impact on your website authority. We'll get deeper.

into this as we go to the next steps. What I just simply want you to understand is this is what determines the order. When somebody searches a particular topic, the website authority is what determines the order that these things are presented, okay? So let's think of, we're gonna build authority with time. So most of our effort in search and optimization is getting things set up the right way, getting our category set up the right way. Most of this authority component, we're gonna build with time as we create awesome content. That's gonna do the hefty lifting. And maybe if you wanna get listed in a couple of directories here and there, that can be beneficial too, if we're mindful where we're doing it. And we'll talk about that as we go.

Last note here is, I know a lot of us have spent a lot of time learning search engine optimization. Okay. What I need everybody to understand is 10 years ago, those little minor differences, those little optimization strategies, those were very critical. 10 years ago, it was really important that, you know, the first words on your website were designed for a search engine. I need you to think from an AI standpoint now, do you really think it matters? Can an AI not, if it's, if the second thing that you say is an SEO statement, can AI not figure that out? What we should be doing now as we push forward is developing our material, our content, our website.

Everything should be focused on the client experience. What makes this easier to read? What keeps people on my page longer? What information can I give them to improve that experience? Because the authority component of this, if somebody stays on your website longer, like how quickly they bounce to another website, that's gonna impact your authority. And I would think going into an AI world, that's gonna impact your authority far more than a lot of these other components in the past. Going forward, things are gonna be about engagement. They're gonna be about, you know, did this, we can actually.

can detect now if this website answers that question. Okay, so let's focus as we move forward on just following the principles of good SEO optimization and AEO optimization, and let's focus our efforts on the audience's experience, on readability, on making sure they're getting what they need. These things will take care of themselves if we just follow the basics. All right, let's jump to the next lesson.