It's the instructions. I think it's... Instructions, did you? I like that you're seeing this because now you guys can see the exact issues I run into when I develop these custom GPTs. Did I reference California? I wonder if I actually changed the instructions at some point. You're absolutely right to call it out. I drifted from the brief. Thank you for grounding us again. You didn't mention California. Based on your early instructions, your dream clients are based in the UK. There we go. So we got it to come back. You're also rooted in Tuscany. Okay. So we're getting some sort of drift for some reason and we have to dive in and kind of see, but if you are getting that, just re-prompt it and tell it to kind of go back to.

what it is that you were doing in the first place. Generally, you shouldn't see much drift, so what's most likely happened is that the instructions, what I would do next is I would actually look at the instructions for my brand strategist in here, and I would just wanna see, let's go edit, there we go. I'd wanna see if somewhere along the way my destination got changed up here. So that's kind of where I would go first and see if that, and if it isn't in there, then I just need to reset it basically with prompts. But good thing to see how to deal with.

All right, let's come back here for just a second. So this is where I want you to go ahead and go into your brand and, let's go to the brand strategy document. There we go, the workbook. Okay, and you're gonna go ahead and enter in your, under the SEO section, we're gonna start working on that primary keyword phrase now and finalize that, all right? You can put in your keyword search volume. So basically this is a little process where you kind of look up potential keyword phrases, what the search volume for each of those might be. And I gave you a little recap of kind of what we discussed here. And then what the final keyword phrase is gonna be for your business. So go ahead and get those dialed in now. And then.

and head on to the next lesson.