Let's set now your primary SEO keywords. So again, just a reminder, this is our broad, highly searched keyword, and it's gonna fall into our long-term SEO strategy. You're not gonna rank for this quickly. This is gonna be something that comes over time, and I want you to understand that your success does not rely on ranking for this at all. It's just a nice-to-have thing. So generally, the primary keyword formula is just this. It's one phrase, two max, that's dialed into your photography niche, and your location, so primary location plus primary niche. Los Angeles actor headshots, Austin family portraits, Tacoma wedding photography, New York elopement photographer. It's a broad.

Search term that we want to make sure is exactly what our client avatar might be searching hence niching down I'm going to constantly remind you of the importance of the work that you did in steps 1 through 5 if you haven't already got That now we can do this very quickly in a number of ways number one is is remembering again This is our long-term SEO goal matches the target audience's primary location the primary service and the most common way that they might be typing It in do they type it as Los Angeles wedding photography or Los Angeles wedding photographer? that difference used to be a big deal in the past and someone might even said like You should make both your keyword Los Angeles wedding photography and Los Angeles wedding

photographers, vary it up, mix it up. Again, we're reaching a point where it's like an AI search can know that those match the same thing. So should we check which one is more used? Sure. Ultimately, it comes down to what creates a better experience, better readability, all of that. So that's all it is. So step two of this is comparing it to actual search and seeing like, you know, what are the actual search volumes of these things? Let's actually walk through this, but I'm gonna give you an example before we kind of go through our own steps, right? Let's say you're a family photographer. You're based out of Salt Lake City, Utah. And we did our, we found our basic keywords and now we got these results when we put.

put it in to evaluate like search volume. And usually search volume is gonna be like zero to 100, 100 to 1,000, 1,000 to, you know, some places might give you more specific numbers. But let's say that we got these results, okay? Salt Lake City family photographer gets zero, but Salt Lake City family photographers gets 109. And this isn't realistic because that would likely get quite a good amount. Family photographers in Salt Lake City gets five, photographers in Salt Lake City gets 73, but family photographers in Utah gets 146. This is not an actual search result, okay? Just know that. What I'm doing is illustrating a point here. Family photographers in Utah might have the most searches, but it's not.

the best and most relevant term. Because we don't know where in Utah this person is based. And if you are based out of Salt Lake City, then this is not a good search term. Because the number of people that might be in St. George, or they might be in other areas of Utah that can't ever get to you, are gonna be really high. So while that number is high, the relevance is fairly low. And that means that photographers in Salt Lake, you might think, well that's the next best one. Or maybe that's a good one, right? Photographers in Salt Lake. But you don't know if they are family. Like if they are looking for family photography. They could be looking for wedding photography. Maybe commercial photography, you don't know. So again, topically, this isn't that relevant, right? So what we come up with is, well ultimately the best one.

would be this search term, because it's on topic for what they would be looking for and it's the right location. So when we analyze the search results, we wanna make sure that we're taking those things into consideration. We're not just looking at the highest number, we're looking at the relevance of the search term and make sure it's relevant. Now I'm gonna give you tools for this. If you thought I was gonna leave you hanging, I'm not. So watch this. We built the brand strategist in step two, right? What we're gonna do is take this and go to AI Search and I have my brand strategist pulled up. This already has my instructions in it. And remember for the purpose of our exercises, I was building a Paris-based elopement photography business.

So I'm going to type that in, and it's just what you know about, or copy paste it in, what you know about my brand and location, what do you think my primary keyword should be? This is the broader keyword strategy that I use for my homepage. You're my brand expert, but let's also add SEO to your capabilities. Please research and tell me what you think my audience is searching for most, okay? Now, we're going to get results from that, and I'm going to show you something else that's pretty cool, a new thing that just came to ChatGBT literally today or yesterday or something. Okay, so what it says is, why is it saying Orange County? Did I change? Oh, I think I might have changed something along the way. Yeah, I think I actually started giving it.

I had brand conversation strategist, yeah, see this OC elopement SEO strategy? That was part of my conversation set. So I'm actually gonna delete this. Okay, and then do that one more time and let's see if it gets us results based on the previous. So just keep in mind that with your brand strategist, it's tracking the previous conversations and yeah, it's still stuck here. So what I would need to do is just remind it. Sometimes the conversations go long. This is a good thing to show you guys right now. So let's just do this. I might go back to, let's see, summarize North and Nest's brand strategy.

Okay, I might start the conversation here. There we go. Okay, emotionally grounded elopement, destination wedding photography studio, perfect. So what you just saw was basically drift. So it's basically where it's pulling information from more recent conversations instead of what happened at the beginning. So if you encounter that, no big deal. That's why we created the instruction set. So do you remember the instruction set right here? This is why we developed the instruction set was to always be able to refer back to this in case of drift. So now I go back to this place and then I'm gonna paste this in. Okay. Now it's gonna stay.

on target, mother fudger. Okay, let's just give it a prompt. Okay, let's see if it goes, oops, I'm sorry, you're right. Okay, so what I get is Paris, a low-budget photographer, recommended primary keyword. I'm not gonna just take this and run with it. I'm gonna make sure that I go to Google search or make sure that we go over to, I think I linked it up for you guys. If you go to Google ads, so let's open that up. Okay.

I think I'm already signed in. Okay, and we're gonna go under tools and to the keyword planner, okay. This is where I'm gonna go to discover, I'm gonna type in Paris elopement photographer. Get results. And when I do that, it's gonna give me ideas of what people are typing in. So let's try and expand this. So Paris elopement photographer is one, elopement photographer Paris is another. Look, both these have 100 to 1000 searches, right? Elopement wedding Paris, that's 10 to 100. So this is the premise here is that once we get the AI to kind of give us some of those broader terms.

Then we jump over here and we search it. And we need to understand that whether you put Paris elopement photographer or elopement photographer Paris a search engine is smart enough to know that these are the same thing, okay? You don't need to worry about it. So where it makes sense, write elopement photographer in Paris. Where it makes sense, put Paris elopement photographer. Like in a headline, it might make sense that it's Paris elopement photographer. That's what's most readable, right? Because it's not very readable to see elopement photographer Paris. So make it readable and focus on that first. But this gives us the idea of those monthly search volumes. Okay? And side note, if you're brand strategist,

I'm gonna do this. This is about the time where like, if you're starting to notice that in one particular project you're getting a lot of drift, let me just show you a quick solution to that, okay? So what I'm gonna do is grab my instruction set here. I'm gonna copy this. Okay, just cancel out. And what we're gonna do instead is go to GPTs, go to create, and now to say my brand strategist. Okay, I'm gonna say this is my personal brand strategist for North and Nest photography. Then you're gonna.

gonna copy and paste that GPT instructions right here okay go ahead and hit create and you can just say if it's gonna be only me or whatever you want to do you can also have it automatically generate so I'm gonna click this use dolly to automatically generate a thumbnail for it now the benefit of this is that an actual custom GPT is not going to face that issue of like drift where all these past conversations are impacting its current one so because it's it's it's meant to be used like independent conversations basically every conversation that I have with this is an independent conversation so now I can go to my brand strategist

and let's make sure that it actually updated. I don't know why sometimes it takes a second to load these. There we go. You click it, it takes a minute. Okay, so now I'm gonna go back and I'm gonna take that same search. So often what I'll do is I'll create a project and I'll use that project to basically get me far enough where I can make a custom GPT, especially if you start encountering drift. You son of a bitch. All right, so if you keep getting these types of issues, you have to tell it. Like for some reason, I don't think.

It's the instructions. I think it's... Instructions, did you? I like that you're seeing this because now you guys can see the exact issues I run into when I develop these custom GPTs. Did I reference California? I wonder if I actually changed the instructions at some point. You're absolutely right to call it out. I drifted from the brief. Thank you for grounding us again. You didn't mention California. Based on your early instructions, your dream clients are based in the UK. There we go. So we got it to come back. You're also rooted in Tuscany. Okay. So we're getting some sort of drift for some reason and we have to dive in and kind of see, but if you are getting that, just re-prompt it and tell it to kind of go back to.

what it is that you were doing in the first place. Generally, you shouldn't see much drift, so what's most likely happened is that the instructions, what I would do next is I would actually look at the instructions for my brand strategist in here, and I would just wanna see, let's go edit, there we go. I'd wanna see if somewhere along the way my destination got changed up here. So that's kind of where I would go first and see if that, and if it isn't in there, then I just need to reset it basically with prompts. But good thing to see how to deal with.

All right, let's come back here for just a second. So this is where I want you to go ahead and go into your brand and, let's go to the brand strategy document. There we go, the workbook. Okay, and you're gonna go ahead and enter in your, under the SEO section, we're gonna start working on that primary keyword phrase now and finalize that, all right? You can put in your keyword search volume. So basically this is a little process where you kind of look up potential keyword phrases, what the search volume for each of those might be. And I gave you a little recap of kind of what we discussed here. And then what the final keyword phrase is gonna be for your business. So go ahead and get those dialed in now. And then.

and head on to the next lesson.