So what exactly are win-win partnerships? I wanna start by defining this because really in order to create an effective partnership, we have to know exactly who to target, who to go after in terms of creating these relationships to begin with, right? The first point I wanna make is nobody likes the person that is needy. Whether you're reaching out to a vendor, whether it's a venue, no collaborative partner wants to do work with someone else. That's really.

in a position of just like asking. So what we want to do is we want to actually bring value to the table throughout this process. We want to make sure that it's a good fit for everybody so we can work under a mutually beneficial context. Now the beautiful thing is one of the very easy ways to stand out just in these relationship building opportunities is just to simply look to add value to someone else's life or to their business. Specifically in this case we're going to be looking to add value to their businesses. So a win-win

relationship or partnership is when we can create a relationship under this mutually beneficial context. So it's not you know us reaching out like like the if I were to ask a wedding planner like what is the most frustrating email you get it would most certainly at least this would be in the top five it'd be the email the photographers who are like hey I'm new in this area I just wanted you to know that I'm here let me know what it would take to work with you that is the most obnoxious annoying email it is the

epitome of like a needy kind of stance in terms of how we're communicating and you're unlikely to get a response at all. You're just gonna get ghosted, possibly even blacklisted for doing things like that. And you might be wondering well what about outside of weddings? We're gonna talk about that. There are plenty of collaborative opportunities outside of this but that's just a very common example I think all of us can relate to or at least understand and so we want to avoid that. We want this mutually beneficial context and the idea here

here that I want to kind of go against is this idea that you should never do free shoots. You see this kind of all the time thrown up online. It's this simple kind of one-way street statement and I would say, well, not really, okay? I do agree to this to an extent, like I don't want you to do free work when it's not under a mutually beneficial context. So for example, someone reaches out to you and they say, hey, would you be willing to do this?

I'll tag you and I'll promote you, you'll get good exposure. I don't want you to do a free shoot in that case unless you find that, okay, we're gonna build in that exposure into the contract, we're gonna put an actual dollar value into what you're committing to and you know that the audiences are in alignment, right? Without that mutually beneficial context, I most certainly just don't want you to work for free. At the same time though, I have to tell you that we have built our portfolio and.

new areas of our business, we've created relationships, we've earned a significant amount of revenue through basically doing shoots that are unpaid or free shoots. And maybe there's a better term for it than free shoots, like maybe unpaid would be the right way to go about it. But that's why we have terms like test shoot, spec shoot, and all that, collaborative shoot. That's kind of what we're talking about here. So the power of this, what I want you to recognize is the power in this. This was a.

up here is a styled shoot that we did with a couple of our local vendors, right? And you know, with us, we have 45,000, at the time we had 45,000 followers. We've, I think, since trimmed our following. But we teamed up with these different businesses and basically went and just put together like this kind of styled shoot scenario. These detailed images, if you put together, I added up the impressions that it received, were over 900,000 impressions because we had.

six or so collaborating vendors on this project, right? So what we do with this collaborative effort is we naturally expand reach by tapping into other people's audiences. And you can see how, well, those audiences have to be aligned, otherwise that exposure really doesn't matter, right? This was a wedding, an actual wedding that we did, and these are all the different people that we tagged in. And we're including like, this is the bridal shop that we tagged them. I think one of these is the designer. We're tagging everybody we possibly can. When you looked.

at everybody who shared these images, it was seen by over 6.8 million people across the world, and it got over 170,000 likes. So 6.8 million impressions. This is what I want you to recognize as far as collaborative potential, okay? Between just us, we would need a post to go fully viral. Like if we have 45,000 followers, we need a very viral post to get anywhere near these numbers, right? But if we have collaborative.

partners that are also publishing and sharing, then we can gain a lot of virality by just bringing people in. Another example outside of the wedding space was that at a time we were kind of considering should we create a commercial portfolio? Should we go into this side of the business? So what I did was I reached out to a business that we were, like I was already going to, it was a gym that I was going to called The Twelve, and I said what if we created collateral for y'all? What if we created marketing materials and maybe we even do this like once or twice a year for you? And we.

we do it in exchange for studio memberships. So I told him that the cost of a typical commercial shoot like this might be somewhere in the neighborhood of 40 to $50,000. You know, obviously it's a space where I'm new in, but I had full confidence that I could deliver based on my skillset, okay? So I said, this is what it would typically cost, but instead of doing that, why don't we just exchange memberships and we'll put together this kind of content package. It involved us going out twice a year and shooting and creating content for them. Now, from each of.

These shoots, we got well over 25 portfolio images if we were looking to consider, like to create this commercial brand, right? We got 50 plus images for the blog, social media. We actually ended up with like hundreds of images, so it was a lot more. These are basic numbers that I'm gonna give you in a moment that that's what we should be trying to hit. We got a lot. We got behind the scenes video for social media and for education in case we wanted to teach like how do we do a shoot like this. And the whole idea behind this was, I was thinking about adding at the time.

and I'm like creating a course on how to do a speculative shoot. So I was like, I'm gonna do a spec shoot and I'll define that in just a little bit. But basically it's a shoot where it's like a test shoot, but it's with some sort of practical commercial application, right? So we go to the gym and the gym's like, yeah, all of our equipment is by Nautilus. And I go, okay, let's approach this as if we're doing a spec shoot for Nautilus and for the 12, the gym itself. And we created the images. And so what I did was I created images

I thought Nautilus might like, like images where you had women that were working out where you can clearly see the Nautilus branding. This is just one of those examples. We had multiple machines that were featured. And then I reached out to Nautilus and I said, hey, there's a few images in here that you guys might really like for your collateral. They turned around, they bought them for $10,000. So they licensed those five images for $2,000 a piece. So this is another example of a collaborative shoot and the effectiveness of that. Not only is there a direct benefit, we actually got like 25.

I've memberships for the studio, but we got the portfolio, the imagery, the behind the scenes, we got the experience of it. We got everything from going out and doing that. And it was a win-win for them too, because they got all this fantastic collateral that they used to build their brand, okay? One other example inside of say the wedding space, this is a engagement shoot giveaway, right? So we ran a giveaway for this one. This is 25, we got well over 25 portfolio images. We got hundreds of images for our blog and social media. We got behind the scenes, we solidified.

by vendor relationships for this. We got really cool images. They had the Volkswagen Beetle, the couple that won this. They were like, yeah, we happen to have this Beetle. Would that be cool to bring out to our shoot? And I'm like, dude, that would be absolutely amazing. We should definitely do that. So we kind of looked out with the Beetle on that one. But we had a local wedding planner just kind of help us out and get florists and get some props for this. And we tagged all of them in this too. And we created some new and interesting work. So what I want you to see here, I'm gonna show you the how as we go through this section. I simply.

I want you to understand the power of this right now, okay? So this idea of free or these unpaid shoots, it really makes a lot of sense when you need to do any of these things. Like if you need to level up your technical skill because maybe you're not good enough yet for this space or you're not certain yet, fantastic. If you wanna build your portfolio into a new space, like whether it's the first niche that you're building or whether you're like, okay, I'm already good inside of the wedding space, now I wanna build a headshot brand, that's great too. You can do that there.

It's awesome for creating valuable relationships. It's great for expanding your network and your audience. It's great for gaining exposure of value. This means that the audience is in alignment, right? I think you all know what I mean by that now is like when we talked in the marketing section in step 10 and I gave you that example of Jeremy, the guy that sells beef jerky that has millions of followers and gets no sales because the audiences are misaligned, right? We don't care about the number of followers. What we care about is if those followers are interested in us.

similar thing, if they're interested in potentially what we have to offer. So exposure can be valuable if we're talking about, like let's say you are a pet photographer and the person that you're considering working with has a pet channel, like that's all they do, right? And then you're like, okay, there's audience alignment. But if it's a general influencer, like if it's a fashion influencer and like, oh, I really wanna get my dog in this cute outfit, that is not an alignment. That exposure is not gonna make a single bit of difference.

for your business, right? And also it makes sense to do free shoots when we need to build our content library. We can check all of these boxes at once and that's the power of it. But the huge button is just, I need you to check off the boxes in what I've created for you as a collaborative networking guide so that you're never doing free work without a purpose or without a plan. I think Chase Jarvis, not my favorite person, I shouldn't say that, but fine person.

person, don't agree on everything, which is totally cool. You can agree to disagree on stuff. He did say this one fantastic line, and I'm like, you know what? That's quotable. He said, do it for free or charge full price, and I do agree. It's like you either do it for free where it's mutually beneficial, or you just charge full price. But this in-between kind of bullshit, let's let that all go, okay? So thank you, Chase, for that quote and contribution to our industry. All right. So this is your collaborative.

Networking guide. Step one, identify the right partners. Collaborative networking only works when you select potential partners that are one, within your photographic niche, working with or will work with your ideal clients. They have a similar or larger online presence, meaning if you have 1,000 followers, don't go reaching out to somebody that has 50,000. If you have 10,000, they have 20,000, not a big deal. That's not a huge difference. But if they're 50 times larger than you, you're likely just to get ignored, okay? So let's try to find people that are on our wavelength. They're also.

similarly developed in business. Again, the idea of if you're just starting out in a space and you're like, man, if I'm the pet photographer that's just launching into this and I wanna go and get the biggest pet brand on my side, this is problematic, right? We don't yet have the bargaining power to bring to the table. So we wanna find people that are similarly developed in their business. We wanna add people that can bring value to the shoot itself and that they're willing to cover their individual expenses. It's weird when someone comes to the shoot and they're like, yeah, but you need to pay for my floral.

or yeah, but you need to pay for this. It's like, no, I'm gonna cover my costs. I would appreciate if you cover your costs and then we all benefit from using the images together. We also wanna use models who look like potential clients. So again, with the pet photography example, we aren't gonna do a test shoot where there's people in there. We're gonna do a test shoot where there's dogs and where there's pets and animals. If we're photographing senior portraits, we're not gonna go and get a couple. That doesn't make any sense. We need the models to actually look like the potential.

clients. I've also given you this. This is a collaborative partner idea sheet to get your mind moving okay because you might think that you know in my in my space like I don't do weddings so there's not that many people to collaborate with. This is simply not true okay. So this is to get your mind moving. Planners, florists, DJs, officiants, brides, boutiques, all that this is great for wedding photographers that's obvious. But makeup and hair, beauty salons, this also works for boudoir for brand portraiture. Hotels, resorts, event venues

because that's probably mostly events, corporate events, wedding photographers, and some you might be able to do some family stuff there. But personal trainers, gym owners, coaches, these are ideal for boudoir, brand portraits, headshot photographers. There's pet groomers, trainers, qualified breeders, vets, ideal for puppy, animal, family photographers who are animal friendly. Midwives, OBGYNs if you have a newborn brand, a maternity brand. So you can see where we're going with this. There are people to create great collaborative relationships with regardless of what needs.

issue might be in, okay? So the next step to this is once we've identified the right partner, step two is to reach out with value and ideas, right? So I'm gonna give you examples of each of this and I'll kind of give you more, like we talk about the post-collab shoot, but we'll get into that. So reach out with value and ideas, meaning like every time you communicate with them, there should be value and solutions that you're basically offering to them. And we're gonna go over like three common scenarios. So after a shoot.

We want to reach out with features to provide them with imagery. We want to tell them about what we created and give them images to use, right? And we're going to go over the emails that I've given you for each of these. With a collaborative shoot, we would reach out not to say, hey, would you like to do a test shoot? But we reach out with the actual idea. Hey, I noticed that you are running a that you're a pet veterinarian. OK, what if we did a test shoot?

these animals and we created these types of images to put on the walls of your office. You reach out with an idea, not with a question. Everybody's got questions. Hey, do you think you want to do a shoot with some dogs? Anybody can do that. But offering a solution, something that's mutually beneficial, that's of value, right? Or you can even, when you get comfortable with this, you can even reach out with business support. This is one of my favorite things to do because I'm comfortable in business, right? So you can reach out with ideas that can actually help support their business.

What we're doing is we're banking on the law of reciprocity, right? The law of reciprocity is a social law which has been deemed more than just a theory. This is a law because whenever you do something for somebody, as long as they're not sociopathic, whenever you do something for a normal human being, they generally want to return that thing in kind, right? You give them something for free, they want to, you give them some sort of, not like something for free, but you give them value, right? It doesn't matter what kind of value, but you give them value, they want to...

support you. So this is kind of what we're banking on with all of these. Okay. So what we're going to do is let me briefly just show you two. If you ever have a question on this, go back to your brand strategist. Okay. Go back to your brand strategist. And it's, it's so effective just to simply ask. Okay. So based on what you know about my brand, tell me who might be good vendors. Okay.

Partners in my area that I could reach out to for a collaborative Shoot, okay Remember because it sometimes forgets. I'm a Paris based elopement Photographer So this is one of my favorite ways to get ideas for this and I'll also use Google and just search But you can get plenty of ideas if you're like, yeah, okay This is a great list pie, but who specifically?

specifically in my area do I look for, this is fantastic. Look, florists are central to storytelling. Okay, here's a few, Florise, Madame Martisse. You can even give it more examples. Say like, you know, my following is between this and this, so please look for people that aren't, you know, super, you know, established or whatnot. But look at how many examples it gives me of potential collaborative partners, okay? And then you can simply do a dive into this. You can start doing some Google searches for each of these. See what other stuff pops.

up in that same space okay so what I want you to do is I would like you to pause here maybe start thinking of some people that you'd like to collaborate with and again if we go back to the brand strategist for just a moment okay I've given you the email templates these are it's just an idea I want I want to give you all ideas and you can take these and run with them however you like please don't use the exact words please make it yours

These are just examples, and we're gonna go through each one of these, okay? But what I'd love for you to do is kind of identify maybe who would be some good collaborative people that I could potentially work with. And I believe we did that back in, I think it was under step one, or maybe step two. We were talking about some of the potential vendors that you could potentially work with, okay? Maybe it was under environment. Oh, that's probably where it was, let's see. Yeah, positive collaborative.

venues so it wasn't step one okay I'm not crazy I'm not a crazy person so back in step one we had some ideas here if you haven't figured that out yet this is where I'd like you to pause and maybe put some ideas down for who might be good collaborative partners in your space if you're not ready for this yet that's okay too but you don't need to send anything out yet what I'd like you to do is is complete this module before you send stuff out and then come back to the guide to kind of reference it okay let's go ahead and jump now to the next lesson