You wanna, you're like, man, it'd be so great to work with this, you know, puppy child brand and they're the biggest brand in the entire industry. They're a multimillion dollar company. This is an aspirational relationship. If you're just starting out, like it's probably unlikely that if you send them anything, if you try to collaborate, they're gonna listen. Once you're established like they are, then they would listen, right? So what I want you to focus on here is identify people that would be a potential immediate relationship. Similarly in the wedding space, if you were like, like I wanna go work with Mindy Weiss, who's like the world's biggest wedding.

planner, she's gonna get thousands of emails from random photographers and she's gonna ignore all of them, so that's unlikely to be anything that's gonna, it's an aspirational relationship for like way down the road. So what I want you to focus on here are identifying businesses that are around the same level as you. Like they're maybe a little bit further ahead, but they're people that you could potentially create an immediate relationship with. You notice that maybe you have a couple thousand people following you on Instagram, maybe they have 10,000, maybe it's a little bit more, but they're not.

not the person that has a million subscribers and you're like, oh, I just wanna work with you because they're getting inundated with those and they're unlikely to respond. So the focus here is immediate relationships. To give you ideas here as you're searching, what we're looking for, collaborative networking, it only works when you're selecting a partner, a potential partner that's within your photographic niche. So it has to be someone that would serve a complimentary, something that basically serves your clients in a complimentary way, right? They work with or.

eventually will work with your ideal clients. They have a similar or slightly larger online presence, similarly developed in their business. They can add value to a shoot or to a collaboration. If they're unwilling to like do something, then that's not helpful. They're gonna cover, like if we're talking about a styled shoot or something that we're gonna do together, they're willing to cover their individual expenses. And we basically bring in like models, if we're looking to bring on models, like someone that's, oh, I wanna work with, let's say you do brand portraits and there's an influencer you wanna work with

You think that if you do their brand portents, they'll they'll they'll speak of you and they'll well We want to make sure that if we're using that person as a model that they actually look like our potential clients Okay, so we need to make sure that they check off this list and what I've done here in this worksheet Is I just want to give you ideas to help you think about what? Some of these mutually beneficial partnerships might look like within your niche in space. So This is easy in the wedding side. It's just planners florist, you know bridal boutiques It's a little more difficult outside of that side, right?

So for boudoir or brand portraiture, then you have people like makeup and hair artists, hair salons, that kind of stuff, also works for weddings. Hotels, resorts, events, and weddings, honestly, these are for event and wedding photographers primarily. Some family photographers could potentially create relationships there, but there's not that much there. Personal trainers, gym owners, and coaches, this is great for boudoir, for brand portraits, for headshot photographers, those are great spaces. Pet groomers, trainers, qualified breeders, vets, great for anyone in the puppy spaces, animal spaces. Midwives, OB-GYNs,

hospitals and birth centers, fantastic for newborn and maternity. Real estate agents, interior designers, lawyers, awesome for family headshots, brand photographers, or family headshot and brand photographers. And then we have like local bloggers, creators and event organizers. This is really any genre, as long as their audience would potentially align with yours, they could potentially work there too. So for potential venues, using a search engine, the easiest way to find these is just looking in wedding venues in Los Angeles, corporate event venues.

in New York City, you just search basically and add them. You can also use an AI tool I'm gonna give you. I think, I don't wanna show you each one of these. I think it'll get redundant to just show you how to copy paste this, but it's pretty simple. You're gonna replace the niche, the location, and a brief description of maybe what your clients are, who they are and what they're looking for. And just say, looking for relationships, local venues that also serve these clients, okay? These venues can consist of this. I'm gonna ask for a bit of research from that and then look to pick good partners.

I want you to select maybe up to 10 potential venue partners and then potential vendors, okay? So while you use the search engine, I'm gonna show you my favorite ways. So my favorite ways is, there's two of my favorite ways. One is as you are identifying a direct competitor, right? So let's say you identify Linen Jersey Photography as a direct competitor, just because it's easy to go through our stuff and I can show you whatever I want here. So a really easy way to identify potential partners, venues, the people that you wanna work with

literally to look at what we're posting. So you look at a wedding, and look at everybody that we've tagged. So there's all the vendors, there's the couple, the planner, the photo, video, makeup, hair, venue, Anaheim Marriott, all of that. You have a complete list. So the way that we also use social media is that we tag and we credit everybody, and that's generally what photographers should be doing, right? So the easiest way to find potential vendors, venues, is once you've identified a direct competitor, someone that's in your area that's serving the same need, then you simply look at the people that they're working with and you're like, okay.

Let me see if, let's look at the venue, Anaheim Area. Okay, they have 18.3 thousand people. Maybe I'll reach out to them, maybe I have an idea for a shoot that I'm gonna bring up to them. I'll teach you what to say to each of these later, but let's just take a look. Makeup and hair, Beauty by NG. Okay, they have a bit of followers, so I probably need to have a little bit of a following before I reach out, but again, great ideas here. So this is my favorite way to find these, and there's also another benefit too, is because they're serving.

a similar need and niche, right? They're offering a complimentary service, but they're serving the same type of clients. Oftentimes you'll also see some good marketing and brand inspiration from their websites as well. But that's my favorite way to look. There's also another way. So with your favorite tool, I'm gonna give you another, an AI prompt. So I'm a niche photographer looking to serve people in this area. I'm looking to create a relationship with vendors who offer complimentary services. Give me 10 or so ideas. What I would also say here is say something like.

like, you know, give it also, this is where I am in my business. Help me find people that align with that, okay? Because we don't wanna end up with people that are super established on that side. And maybe I'll make an update to this prompt when I pop this into the slide deck, or when I pop it into the downloads. Okay, you're gonna select up to 10 potential vendor partners. Again, this is an optional step here. We will come back to this later, but let's go back to that brand and strategy workbook, right? So here's the possible collaborative venue partner.

If like, don't try to force this. If you're not in the space of wedding and events and you can't think of anything here, I'd say, don't worry about this. What I'd rather you kind of focus on is, are there potential vendor partners in your area that might be a good fit? So I give you some instructions and ideas here. I also gave you that prompt there, but you're gonna put in the business, the website, their social handle and what type of vendor they are. And then later, when we come back to the idea of like different marketing efforts, that's when we'll pull this back up and we'll say, okay, remember that list that we.

or the list that we created like early on, this is a good time to pull that back up. In the meantime, I like doing the research here because it's already kind of, you're kind of already on your way to this destination. So it's like adding a stop, getting to, you know, while you're driving somewhere else. But that stop might also help give you some ideas while we're going along and creating our brand and doing that. So optional, but it's something that I do like doing. So this is a great time, go ahead and pause. If you have any questions, feel free.

to hop into the mentorship group and post there, but let's go ahead and complete the Brand and Strategy Workbook tab three, your possible partner sections for vendor and venue. All right, let's jump to the next lesson. Friends, it is time for your SWOT analysis. This is kind of the first step of piecing it all together, but what we're gonna do now is, this is the time, this is the place where you're gonna start to choose what is the battlefield we're gonna be playing on. So we're gonna be playing on your strengths. These are the internal things that you do well. Weaknesses, those are kind of like, well, we wanna.

No, like what are the areas that we don't do as well because I'm not gonna put those things forward. Like if that's my, if these are a particular type of image, if it's a, you know, whatever it might be, I wanna focus on the strengths and I wanna limit the weaknesses. I wanna also look to identify opportunities. These are external opportunities around. So like these are potential weaknesses in other businesses as well as threats. These are external things going on in the market. I'm gonna give you ideas of all of this. This part like sounds like a lot of theory.