are the only one. You are now a business of one. You start doing other things like bonuses, quick teasers, turn off a partner. These are all ways to just differentiate. And as you cross off each one of these, you start noticing less and less people are on this battlefield competing with you. You become that business of one. Okay, what are potential opportunities? So these are areas where I would say most photographers are weak, and so therefore there is opportunities there. So actually supporting vendors and venues with images.

you'd be blown away. This is especially important on the wedding and event side. There are so many photographers who do not reach out to try to support the vendors and venues. This is such an easy way to stand out. Supporting your local vendors and venues, this goes for everybody. Reaching out, trying to create relationships, looking to see what you can do to help them in their business. Nobody does this. Again, an easy way to stand out. Provide clients, and by the way, I'll teach you how to do this more when we get into the marketing side. I just want you to see opportunities right now. I want you to understand the concept. Provide.

Finding clients with value added content. So this is like someone comes to you, they're planning a wedding and you're like, here's an ideal timeline, you know, just downloadable, right? So you give them like a free guide. Someone's planning, they want to do boudoir and you're like, here's five tips on how to have an amazing boudoir session or three things and you give them resources, you give them guidance. Not that many people do this. It's an easy way to stand out. Consistently blogging and tagging the people that you're working with, easy way to stand out. Posting regularly to social media with tagging and supporting the people you're working with. Again.

and an easy way to stand out. So these are awesome opportunities for everybody, places where most people tend to be kind of weak. What I would say in terms of threats, these are like industry-wide threats, are consumer and economic changes that can like threaten the industry. So there's more and more AI photography tools. There's improvement in mobile phone cameras. So this thing that's been already good enough, it's getting better and better, right? So anytime we are basically focusing on products.

over experience, we leave ourselves very vulnerable to outside threats like your phone getting better. We leave ourselves very vulnerable to AI tools replacing what you do. Because if what you do is simply create images, there's a lot of ways that people can go about that. This is why I really focus hard on helping you to understand what you're selling. You're not a photographer, you are a creative director. You are a person that's there to service a product.

problem, a challenge, a need to help them find a solution and to give them a customized beautiful experience in the process. That is difficult to replace. You're serving a client that is high end. That's not something that technology, it's not something that a phone is going to be able to take the place of. But if you are simply offering like, oh, I'm a photographer. My day rate is $500 and I'll come out and shoot content with you. That is replaceable. As soon as the next DJI drone.

comes like, don't you think right now we have like all these different, like DJI Osmo and all these little cameras that like do things. We are so close to the place where somebody invents a little wheeled robot that has a camera on it and it just follows you around and takes pictures and does whatever you want. At that point, the person that's like, Oh, I'm $500 a day and I'll come out and shoot video with you. They're all replaced. So I don't want you to be the person that just takes photos. I don't want you to be the vendor that just comes and does.

I want you to be the person that ties into their goals, into their solutions. I want you to understand what we're selling, and what we're selling goes far beyond simply photographs. But those are the threats that we have. As long as we are positioning our brand as a human brand, as long as we're connecting on a personal level, we're giving an authentic experience, we're giving a luxury experience, we're safe from these threats. We're not in a place where those things are gonna affect us, at least not dramatically. Okay.

you do now is go ahead and complete your SWOT analysis. So I've given you a little page right here. We're going to go, let me just find it on the environment page. We scroll down and here's the SWOT analysis. It's pretty simple. I don't want you to go too crazy into this. I want you to write down a few of your strengths, areas that you think you're going to stand out, a few of the areas where you feel like there might be weaknesses, a little bit of where there's business opportunity. This is where your competition is weak and potential threats. I mean, I've kind of given you those, but if you feel like, you know, there's one that you want to highlight or be aware of that.

It's totally fine. But you're gonna go and just be brutally honest as you complete this analysis. So strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, those are the areas where I want you to focus in on. I've covered kind of the broad threats, the things that are potentially happening on a consumer level. There might be some industry specific ones, like people kind of do sometimes change spending habits and whatnot, but mostly where I want you to spend your time is just in those three. Okay, go ahead and pause, complete that. And if you have any questions.

just holler in the Facebook group. It's time to put it all together. Okay, this is the place where I hope going through this process, you're kind of starting to see like, all right, I'm beginning to develop a vision for my brand. I kind of know where I wanna start going. And you start seeing that idea that I've been reiterating over and over. As we go through these steps, you niche down, perfect, less people competing. You build on your strength, perfect, less people competing.

You build through your personality and your values. Oh, nobody does that the way that I do that. All of these leads you to becoming a one of one and that's the goal. I want you to be, you might not be the only boudoir photographer in the city or in the area that you're working in, but you're the only one that offers your service at your level and with your set of values, with your personality, who you are. And the same thing goes, whether you're doing family portraits or whether you're doing puppy portraits, whether you're doing weddings, there are other people around.

you but as you keep dialing into who you're communicating to and building your personality into and elevating your experience you separate yourself from someone else to the point where it creates a beautiful thing right when you get to the sales process one of the objections one of the the ways i'm going to have you handle objections when people go but so and so is offering this they're offering the same package for almost two thousand dollars less than you let's say that they're

$8,000 and you're $10,000 right or let's say it's $5,000 and $4,000, it doesn't matter. My favorite way to handle that objection is, well do you feel like so and so is going to deliver you the same type of experience that I would? If you've done these things where your brand is distinguished, your experience is refined, from your work to the way you're communicating, you've completed the sales process with them. Most of the time.

they're gonna say, well, no, I do really like the way that you work. And then you say, yeah, I do charge a little bit more, but I know you're gonna love working with me and I'm gonna enjoy working with you as well. Like, this is gonna be an experience you'd never forget. It completely solves that objection. But if you ask that question, you're like, well, do you feel like so-and-so offers as good of an experience as me? And they're like, yeah, I mean, their website's better. Their work is just as good, if not better. Like, I like talking to them. Yeah.

Yeah, I think they're gonna, then as the salesperson, you should be like, well, you should go hire that person. I mean, that's literally what I tell you. Like, we need to be the advocate for the client in sales. Number one, that's first and foremost. So if a client tells me that, then I know that I failed in positioning my brand and setting up my experience and in doing all these things because I haven't differentiated myself. So when I ask that question, they're like, yeah, I actually think I might get something better over there. Then they should go over there, right?

That's the end result. But we don't want that. What we wanna do is follow these steps, differentiate, so that when we get to that place, someone says that to us, we can literally say, do you feel like you'd have the same experience there? And they know from everything that they've seen, the way that you're working with them, they know that there's more value in what you're doing than for them to go and save a little bit of money somewhere else. Okay, so what are the next steps? With all of these pieces in place, now we start kind of laying the foundation for building this brand.

and it's gonna resonate with your dream client. So the next steps is, I want you to identify who that dream client is. We're gonna create your client avatar. We're gonna go through and create a clarified message that is directed toward that avatar. We're gonna then create a vision statement. All of these things are gonna become a compass for basically what the business is, for what we're trying to create and where we wanna go with it. And then of course, we're gonna name the business. This is assuming that you haven't named already. If you've already named it, fantastic. But we'll talk about naming as well as we go into the next step. This is also the space.