and see the copy, paste it in. And then we're gonna say, we're gonna place a niche in here. So let's just, since we, actually we did a lot of boudoir. So let's do family portraits with, and you can say with an emphasis on children's portraits. Okay, drop in that little prompt and it's gonna give you guidance. So absolutely, let's dive into what that would look like. So it's gonna give you the big picture. Here's what the daily weekly workflow is gonna look like. You're gonna shoot.

to four times a week. Here are the challenges, unpredictable behavior, like meltdowns, shy kids, weather. We gotta think, like, is that something that I'm okay with? Am I gonna be, or am I gonna get frustrated with that over time? Uninvolved partners or overwhelmed parents, that's gonna be an often case thing. Here's what we're doing on our non-shooting days. This is what we do in the mornings and the afternoons and the evenings. Here's our client interactions. This is marketing and branding. I want you to really see what that lifestyle looks like, okay? And here, it's gonna give you common stressors, personality fit, everything.

it needs to be something that you can love doing. So once we have that and we go, okay, visualizing this, this is something that I do wanna do. Then we simply go to this and you're gonna start making sure that all the criteria is there. So is this a product or service that people want and value? If it's anything in the space like on the list, then you know it is, okay? We click yes. Are the competitors? That's a good thing. If there's competitors, it shows that this is a place where there's market demand. So yes, I want there to be competitors. Are those competitors successful?

Yes, I want them to be successful. Those are all signs that there's market value, right? Work-life balance. Will I enjoy offering this service repeatedly? I need to be able to enjoy that. If not, if I have to check no on this, I have something that's unsustainable. Will I enjoy serving the clientele with this niche? Yes. Can this niche provide me with the type of income that I seek? Well, let's figure that out. I mean, if it's, again, any of the market value ones, yes, the answer to that is yes. Can this niche give you the time and lifestyle you want? Make sure. If you don't want to be working.

weddings and you're sorry don't want to be working on weekends and you're thinking of being a wedding photographer that could present some serious challenges right you might need to think well i do want to do weddings but i don't want to work weekends so maybe is there a genre that that that would serve me inside the wedding space and then you go oh you know what elopements and court weddings those often happen on weekdays what if i focused on that totally doable right last personal fulfillment does it align with what you value and appreciate

would you find meaning in serving clients with a space? All of these pieces from work-life to fulfillment, these are long-term pieces, meaning if you answer no to these, there's a really good chance a few years from now you might start making good money, but then you actually burn out, okay? So I want you to follow that. This doesn't require like anything special. You can use all this with just free prompts. I also built you this. This is my niche finder coach. And so what I did, this is for those, I do recommend having.

a premium chat GPT account, but you do need that to use custom GPTs. Okay, so this is a custom GPT that I programmed to basically act like me. So it's gonna speak to you from like a psychological standpoint of whether this thing is right for you. You can use this to test out an idea of a niche. You can use it to validate the niche that you've chosen, either way. But click the link, and once you're here, it says, when you're ready, tell me what niche you're considering. So let's put in something else. I'm thinking of.

Let's just do wedding photography. Okay, we'll do that little example. Okay, do you have a specific location that you'd like to offer for this service? Are you thinking of offering a destination? So I'm gonna say I want to work out of, let's do Texas. I, backwards, Austin, Texas. Okay.

Perfect, so it's going to give you a market evaluation. What's the market demand? It says around the Austin Rock, okay, 12,000, that's a really good number of weddings. The median cost, that's great. Competitiveness, there's a lot of active professionals and then it gives you a recommendation. Okay, there is a substantial number of weddings in an active community, however, the presence of numerous professionals indicate a competitive environment. Success in the market is going to depend on differentiating. Would you like to proceed? What it tells you, this is a recommendation and if it's not, it'll say.

It's not recommended, but it says this is a strong market demand perfect. There's a valid market there. Okay. Would you like to proceed say? Yes Now it's gonna go through next step. Okay. Awesome. Once you visualize how this would play out So what would your ideal day in life look like? Okay, I Don't want to work weekends So I would imagine working Monday through Friday Maybe shooting one wedding week

I would also like to make around 150,000 a year, okay? I programmed this to like really help dial in, it doesn't matter what you write right here, if it deviates quite a bit, it's gonna bring your expectations back in alignment. So it's gonna say thanks for being clear, and it's gonna kind of tell you where you might have conflicts, okay? So typical wedding days, the mass majority of weddings happen on weekends, especially on Saturday. So right off the bat, your desired not work weekends prevents significant conflict.

Okay possible exceptions some weekday weddings do happen especially elopements courthouse weddings or small weekday events so just like we talked about this is going to help you to identify potential areas but they'll make up a small portion of your market you'd be targeting a niche within a niche business model income your goal to hit 150k you need to charge roughly three thousand dollars per wedding assuming 50 weddings per year and minimal time off this is very doable in austin if you're booking full-size weddings on weekends but for weekday weddings which tend to be shorter lower budget you'd likely need more volume or higher pricing to make up the difference

which could be a challenge. Okay. So sales and marketing niche positioning, you need to brand yourself as a specialist in weekday elopements. Okay. And actively educate and attract that market segment. So it even gives you content strategies, ideas, whether there's a fit, there is a misalignment here. Most wedding photographers build their schedules around weekend work because that's where the demand is. Your vision is doable, but this is what it require. So it says, do you want to go deeper? Yes. And I, I love the idea of focusing on.

Weekday elopements and courthouse weddings. I think I'll specialize in that as a luxury photographer. Okay, so now we start getting clarity. Now we're working within the niche of wedding photography, but now we've sub-niched to elopement and courthouse weddings. Will I enjoy offering this service repeatedly? Yes. Okay, can I genuinely love clients?

Yes, I love weddings, I love clients, I love couples. Does it allow what you value and appreciate? Yes. I love storytelling. Talk to the AI just like you're talking to me or to anybody else, okay? Will you find meaning in serving them long-term? Yes. Can this business model realistically? Yes. Okay, now it's gonna say, okay, great. It's gonna give you an overall.

valuation, you've chosen a niche that's specific, differentiated, aligned with your lifestyle, capable of generating, now your next steps are all about branding and positioning. So it's going to ask if you want additional help, but that's kind of where the guide stops and now you're just using the GPT. So this will be a great way to help you to kind of figure out and finalize, um, whatever it is that you might be thinking of doing, uh, and to kind of play around and bounce ideas off of, off of the AI. I've told the AI, by the way, like, don't go easy on you. So like, if you, if you say something like, like.

Like, no, I don't wanna do this. And it'll say like, yeah, I don't think this is a good fit. Like, it'll tell you and be straightforward with you. Once you have this, this is where I want you to go to step four where you're gonna finalize your niche. So go ahead and document it. And I have it basically placed into your brand and strategy document. So the place where I want you to actually document, I apologize, I sort of switched out this slide. It's actually this one. So you're just gonna go to your brand and strategy workbook. Okay. And then right here under.

Photographic niche focus is step one. And just a quick reminder, the course itself guides you through the workbook, not the other way around. If you try to use the workbook and be like, I go step one, step two, step two, step three, this is not the way this is designed, right? So the course itself takes you to the relevant places in the workbook. And the way it does it, it says select your niche, so go to the brand and strategy workbook, that's what BNSW stands for. The tab is 01 My Business, so this is the My Business tab right here. And then.

go ahead and fill out your photographic niche, select your niche right here, okay? So once you have that, go ahead and dial that in and you are done with this lesson. With your niche selected, it is now time to research your market environment. So again, kind of a little reminder, I'm doing this just to keep your chin up, keep your chin up, we're doing important work here, okay? There's this saying in racing, I used to race for fun and I got to a point where I was okay enough to actually instruct friends, so I would bring friends out.