good enough, it services that need on the low end. So if the low end of photography is already eaten up, it's gone, then what we're left with is basically photography as a luxury. It's people that wanna spend a good amount of money on photography, but for something elevated, for an experience that's elevated. So what does it mean to offer a luxury service in just general, right? Well, it's any product or service that's limited in nature, that's you, you are limited in nature, and even if you're.

building an associate brand. Photographers, they are highly skilled and it takes time to train them, right? So it requires highly skilled labor. It's time intensive. There's only so much scaling we can do because of how time and labor intensive it is. And it requires an elevated experience. And that's a big piece that a lot of us leave off, right? But I want us to understand this concept. We have to position our brands as a luxury brand. And to kind of help.

make this idea just a little more concrete. This is a difference, again, stepping outside of our photography world for a moment, this is a difference in the real world, right? On the left, you have a luxury, I mean, they're everything. Accessories, clothing, this is Louis Vuitton, right? So they sell all this stuff. This is a luxury brand. And on the right, you have Ross, essentially, where they sell high-end brands, but it's not a luxury space. Now, if I were to ask you, tell me what are the differences, and you can.

you can jump in and jump into the chat and tell me, what are the differences between these two consumer experiences? By the way, if I say jump in the chat, it's for people that are here while we're filming this live. If you're watching this from the lesson library, you can go to the comments, you can also jump onto Facebook as well. But what are the differences between these two? Well, on the left, right? On the left, we have every piece of this merchandise, every product is placed as.

a piece of art. You have one at a time, you have beautiful lighting, you have a minimalistic design, you have a store that looks clean, it's warm, it uses kind of a refined overall experience just in the materials that are used in the store right. On the right you have industrial carpeting with cheap concrete flooring and products that are placed not as if they're luxury items but as if they're just a commodity like go and pick which ones fits you.

something for everybody type thing. There's not something for everybody on the left, but there's something for everybody over here on the right. And you expect the prices to follow suit. We have an expectation of higher prices on the left, simply because of the design of the experience itself versus the expectation of deal shopping over here on the right, where there's something for everyone, where we're selling commodities, right? The funny thing is the difference in actual quality of material between items sold on the left versus items.

sold on the right, they don't justify the difference in price. Maybe some of these items, they use nicer material than these items, right? But a purse over here sells for $3,000 and a purse over here sells for $30. You can't tell me that the $3,000 is because it uses nicer leather. Of course it uses nicer leather, maybe it has handcrafted stitching, whatever it might be, but that's an expectation. It's not a feature that drives the price point. What drives the price point is the.

lifestyle and the experience that's attached to the brand versus over here, there really isn't one. Like we're looking for brand kind of names, but at a cheap price and, and that's it. I want to bring this home because while we understand this whole idea from the outside, especially looking at other people's businesses, looking at that example, most of us, this goes back to again, more than 90% of us create brands that look like a commodity and then we leave our.

clients in this position to basically price shop, and then we wonder why they do. We've created a brand that doesn't demand price respect, and then we wonder why they don't respect our pricing. This is to illustrate this concept of essentially brand framing, okay? Luxury framing versus commodity framing. So let's bring this into the photography world, and I'm gonna first give you kind of a ridiculous example. This is my daughter. This is an image that I took of my daughter, and I grabbed one of the worst websites I could find.

possibly fine. I like literally typed in, show me like the worst website designs and it gave me this Pacific Northwest X-ray ink. So I dropped the image in this website just as a point. I know none of you are designing websites like this, but I want you to see how cheap the image looks just from dropping it in here versus I went onto a crappy template site and I found the most basic photography template and I simply put it on there. So they already had this little shoe shot and I just left everything exactly the same, okay? But.

But look at the difference in perceived value between this experience versus this one. And you might be going like, Pi, I know none of us are gonna go and create this, right? We get that. But I want you to see it for real as well. So this is an exaggerated example to get this idea across. Now I wanna show you an alumni example. So this is Stephanie, okay? She has a boudoir business and to be completely honest and fair, her existing website.

is still better than the majority of photographers that go into business, okay? This is dramatically better as far as a brand experience than the majority of us when we first start. That being said, we did a little website audit and I said, I feel like we can elevate this even further. And so what I did in this audit was I just took her exact same imagery, the exact same everything, and I basically made an experience that was more refined, okay, and it's this. So now it's unveiled, it's the same everything. I...

went and just grabbed her images and dropped it over like a template that I found and did this all in Canva, right? And I put her image right here. There is a huge difference and there's a thought behind it. Some of the thoughts that I had was like, well, Stephanie, and by the way, we're here because we're in all kind of genres of client serving photography, right? I'm gonna give you examples across all different realms, but I wanna give you this one because we'll have a lot of wedding examples. I wanna do something that's non-wedding related first.

But look, I asked Stephanie, I'm sure a lot of your clients would come in and they want something that's sensual, but do you agree that maybe Boudoir clients are at different levels? Like you've got level one where it's like, I want something sensual, but it's also like kind of classy and not too in your face. And you got level two, like I wanna go a little bit further. And you got level three, which is like, let's get naked, right? Granted, you're not gonna ever say those words, but this is just us. Okay, so this is like for the client that's like ready to go, let's just get naked, right? I'm.

Like, well, if this is the landing page of our website, maybe we show an image that speaks to all three of these clients. They want something sensual. They can see themselves in that picture because for this photograph, I think only a certain number of people might see themselves in that image. So that's when I went to a portfolio and I found this one. And I'm like, every single one of your clients, every woman can see themselves in this picture. If they want boudoir, this is gonna be something that they're all gonna want. We brought a clarified message. We brought it right up front,

simple, had a bold call to action, let's chat. And then we said, and introduced herself right there. Everything else about this is just simply making it more clean and more refined of a design. Choosing an image that fits the quality of work that she's creating to represent herself, telling her story, reducing the number of logos and all these things that maybe they have some relevance, we share them down below, but they don't need to be right there up top, and cleaning up the typography. This is.

Framing. So what I want you to keep in mind is that Stephanie's work didn't change at all. I didn't go and create new images. I didn't go and, we didn't even do a new picture. I literally found this picture. It was either on our website or on Facebook, and I was like, oh, that'd be a better picture that's more fitting, that would speak to those clients, like speak to every one of those clients. So that's it. It's the same images. It's the same work. It's the same everything, but reframed. And the question would be, well, which brand has higher perceived value?

I'm sharing this with you right now, not with the intention that you're gonna get started yet, because I'm not giving you the steps to get started yet. So don't go jumping into this yet. What I want you to understand is where we're going with these first four steps. We're gonna start the implementation at step five, but this is where we're going. We're here to build a luxury brand experience that converts views into leads, that demands price respect, and it helps you stand out by showcasing you.

All right, if you have any questions on this jump into the Facebook group Love to hear you there, but that's it for this lesson. Let's jump the next one Next so why you must niche down and maybe the more important aspect is how okay there's gonna be a large number of you that have already selected a niche and There's gonna be some of you that have not and regardless of where you might be at I still want you to stick with this because I need you to see how everything is connected

as we go down this road, okay? There's a general fear when it comes to niching, and there's actually quite a few fears, but probably the biggest one that I constantly see is if I don't offer more services, then I'm not gonna make enough money. There can be a small truth to this, but there's a large untruth here. The first part is that it's by niching that will actually allow you to make more money. So niching is gonna make you more money by far.