here but this is the way that I would say that or what I would say here is totally different but I do like where they put that thing and I'm going to do something similar on my side. So we take those experiences we build ourselves into it and then we end up with something totally different. But let's go through the process of actually doing this research so we have all these ideas and we have everything that we need to basically execute quickly when we get to that space. Okay let's jump on to the next lesson. Okay I have a couple optional steps here. One is identity.

identifying aspirational competitors. So if you look at the brand and strategy workbook, the next section is aspirational competitors. These can be basically people worldwide. It's anybody. And the idea here is that you kind of list out some of the people in your genre, in your space, that are just doing work that's above and beyond. Like these are brands, these are people that kind of we're aspiring to, right? They're not necessarily direct competitors. They're brands that I would say like set the.

bar for the experience that we'd like to deliver. Again, most aspirational brands, they've been doing this for a decade plus, okay? Please do not fall into the comparison thing. This is more like so-and-so is doing work at a level, like they're communicating the level that I want to aspire to, or I want to beat, I want to surpass that, that's fine. But I don't have the expectation that I should be able to do that now because they're far more established than I am, or they've dialed a few things in that I haven't yet. But that's.

That's the idea behind what we're looking at here. So this is optional. If you're going through the research process or if you already have people in mind that are like, man, one day, this is where I'd like to be, I want you to have a space for that just so you can keep them there to ideate, right? Again, you get a lot of ideas, even though they might be marketing to kind of a different space, a different audience, they can still give ideas in terms of design, in terms of like overall aesthetics and the way that they're communicating, how they're marketing. They're still a great place for.

All right, so for this, I'm usually doing like an AI or online search, you can go either way, but I would say, if I'm using AI, I'd say, show me like the best family photographers in the world or who are the five best pet photographers in the world. I generally lean more to AI for questions like this because they're generally not as time relevant, right? Like typically people that are the best in a space, they've been doing it for a good period of time. Whereas like, if I need instant results.

It's like AI can have that lag on like when it's pulling information in right if I need something relating to what's happening right now Then I might not use like an AI search for that But in this case, I think it's it's one of the easiest ways to find good information there If you don't already have these people in mind is to go to AI Type in you know, who are the five best pet photographers in the world and and see what it gives you What you're gonna do is select up to five aspirational competitors I want you to only add them to your list if they're serving the same need it doesn't really help you I mean if you want to you can

but if you're like, man, I aspire to be like, who's Joe McNally, okay, and you're like, you're a wedding photographer, or you're a boudoir photographer, and you're like, I wanna be like Joe McNally. Okay, that doesn't really make sense though, because Joe McNally does not do boudoir, he does not do, he does kind of like commercial portraits, editorial portraits, he kind of works mostly in that space, and he does a lot of education. So you're not gonna see a lot of great inspiration there, a lot of great.

things that are gonna apply directly to you because you might respect them, you might admire them, but they're doing something totally different. So if they're not serving the same need and niche, then leave this off. They offer an elevated experience, okay? If they don't, then again, is it really aspirational? They fit your style and they should obviously exceed your quality. That's the whole idea of someone that's aspirational, that they're above in all these different places. Excuse me. If they don't kind of meet all that criteria, I...

I'd probably say pick someone else to aspire to, okay? Then what you're gonna do is briefly describe kind of what you like about their brand or what are the things that you find particularly aspirational. And again, this is just to help you with a little bit more like ideation. If we can find a few of these brands, like let's say if you're in the wedding photography space, and that's the space that I'm probably most familiar with in terms of names. Let's say you go, well, I would love, I aspire to be like Jose.

right? He's a very common person that a lot of people aspire. He's kind of the probably the most well-known a wedding photographer and you go to his website and and maybe you identify that like from looking at Jose's work you're like okay well hmm like where do I go on the website and stuff I'm not really sure and like you kind of click around you're like okay I don't really know where to contact okay about like do I go galleries or go weddings okay and you start realizing like all right

What I really aspire to in terms of Jose is I love the name that he's built for himself and I love the imagery that he creates, but the experience is not necessarily something that I would wanna create for myself, right? Because it's not an easy to use client experience, essentially. That's the idea here, is that you're gonna place down what it is that you aspire to. And the thought is that we keep those things in mind as you continue growing and developing and have a bit of inspiration there to look at. Again, this is an optional step, so you don't.

have to do this, but if you'd like to, let's go ahead and pause and complete the aspirational competitors here. Okay, quick, quick, we have one more optional item. So this is identifying collaborative partners. This is an optional step here because what I would say is we're not really gonna use this information until you get into the marketing section. So that's step six through 11, right? But once you get there, it can actually be really helpful. So since we're looking at direct competitors and since you're in the space of trying to.

I see like who's competing locally. It's a good time to also identify collaborative partners because you'll be able to find them from those other photographer's pages that you're looking at essentially. So what this means is a vendor partner is basically anyone that offers a service that is complimentary to your service and to your client's needs. So remember that idea, it's complimentary. It's not the same, it's complimentary, right? So for example, if you're in the wedding space, then complimentary vendors might be people.

like planners, florists, DJs, and so forth. If you do family photography, then complimentary vendors might be people that offer boutique clothing. It might be a nice high-end daycare. It might be a kid's club, that type of thing. If you're in the boudoir space, then potentially someone that's complimentary might be makeup, hair, lingerie, and so forth. Pet groomers, you have trainers, pet supply, all that kind of stuff. Obviously, any vendor in your space has to be a luxury vendor as well, right? If you're in the pet space and you're trying to get people.

to spend two, three, $4,000 on their pet photographs, you're not going to find those people that are, they're unlikely to be people that are buying Costco puppy chow, like I do buy Costco stuff for my, but I also give our dog really good food too, like we make food for him. But what I'm saying is, you're not going to a Petsco, but rather you're going to a place that's selling boutique services, a boutique trainer, a boutique groomer. So you're choosing people that are offering a service at your level, otherwise, you know.

you're unlikely to get qualified leads from them. So those are vendor partners, right? Then there's like venue partners or, sorry, there's vendor and I think I also had venue. Do I have identifying partners? Okay, I probably should have built one more. So venue partners are more specifically to like weddings. So basically wedding and event type businesses might also find venues to be very, very helpful. Venues.

isn't as much a helpful thing outside of like wedding and event genres. But event genres are things like bar mitzvahs, you know, quinceañeras, all that. Those are very helpful too on the venue side. So either way, these relationships are mutually beneficial in a number of ways, right? Because the collaborative process, what we end up being able to do is we can end up basically collaborating and tagging each other on social media. We can end up putting together campaigns that we can launch in each other's newsletters. We can do co-branded arrangements. We can do.

to partnerships, to refer business to each other. There's a lot of really great opportunities there when it comes to it, and we'll speak more on that later. For right now, I kinda just want you to get ideas and help, and just identify them for right now. We'll worry about what to do with them at a later point in time. What I also want you to focus on here are immediate relationships you can create, not necessarily aspirational ones. So an example of that might be like, look, if you are an up-and-coming pet photographer, right, and there's a, let's say you.