Okay, let's work smarter, not harder. That's kind of the entire concept that we're getting into, which basically means I wanna limit the amount of rework that you do. You've got a long road ahead of you as a business owner, as an entrepreneur, this is a marathon, okay? I don't want you, this is gonna happen from time to time that you do have to do rework and refinement, but I wanna minimize that as much as possible, which means if you haven't already chosen a business name, if you haven't selected a website,

URL, if you haven't created your logo, your website, selected design, put together your portfolio, if you haven't started marketing, what I'm gonna say is wait, wait for all of this. In step five, that's essentially where we're gonna go before we start implementing all the foundation that you're laying right now. So I'm gonna suggest that essentially you wait to that point so that way we limit the amount of rework that you're doing, okay? If you have, if you already have a business, maybe it's already a successful business and you're looking to kind of level up.

up, right? I still don't want you to change anything right now. What I want to do is work on one thing at a time. And the beautiful thing about business, one of my favorite ideas is that I think I heard this from Alex or Mosey. I don't know who originally said this, but it's such a beautiful idea. At any one point in time, there's only one major constraint on your business. Okay? One major thing that I need to work on to move the needle. We simply need to identify what that is and work on that thing. So.

I don't want you to start diving in and just start changing things. If you already have an established business, what I want to do is refine one thing at a time and you're going to do it in the same step-by-step manner that the program is designed. Okay? It's literally made for you to be able to pinpoint what might be the likely issue, what might be that lowest hanging fruit that I need to address. Either way, let's build the foundation first. And the idea here is working on your website, your branding or even your marketing efforts, pushing and trying to get more views. It's.

Very likely, and I mean like 99% likely, okay, to be ineffective and ultimately lead to a lot more work and potential rework. So I'm going to remind you, remember we're here with this idea. The first few steps is this idea that Abraham Lincoln said that I mentioned back in the intro module, that if I had six hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend the first four sharpening my ax. I always want you to think this way, okay? Okay.

If you are coming from the Blueprint series or if you saw the Blueprint series, you might have noticed that it followed this structure. And that's because the Blueprint series was basically a condensed version of 10K, 2K. It was kind of like the crash course. This is the format that you saw in the intro module for 10K, 2K. And the steps, the parts that are kind of laid out for you, they fall into this. First, part one, we're building a luxury photography brand. That's where we are right now, right? Then in part two, by the way, part one is steps one.

through five, part two is steps six through 11. So in part two, now it's let's start marketing. Let's start creating a qualified lead generation pipeline, consistently getting more leads, right? Then in steps 12 through 16, we go, okay, now that we have leads coming in, we go to part three, let's become a sales and closing wizard. If I boiled down the why, it's this. Remember, like there's, at any one point in time, we have one major constraint, right? Now, we can go granular.

with this or we can go high level with what those constraints are. These are those constraints at a high level, okay? The idea of, well, why am I struggling to consistently attract quality leads that become high-paying clients, okay? So the idea of attracting the right people to our business, that's step one. That's why we're building a luxury brand, a brand that speaks to the right audience because what most of us encounter in this first phase of running the business is I might get some views, maybe.

even some people reach out, but they tend to be people that are, they're budget hunters, they're looking for discounts, or maybe they're just looking for a type of service that I don't really want to offer, but for some reason they're asking if I do this and they're not the right fit for me, right? So it's attracting the right people to our business. That's our first layer of this foundation. And at a high level, this is the first major constraint that we run into, right? Then the second one is once we've built that, once we have a brand that is reputable.

And once we have a brand that has recognition, it demands respect, then we run it, well, how do I generate more leads? And then once we're generating more leads, how do I convert them all, right? These are those high level constraints that we're essentially looking at. And we can go deeper into each one, but our first four, our first five steps is addressing the first one. We are here to build a business that attracts quality leads, that attracts the right clients, your dream clients. And I'm gonna say.

I would say 90% of us struggle with this. And when I say 90%, I am being very kind. I'm being very conservative in that number because the reality is that this is really the vast majority of us are gonna be struggling with this. 90% of us, and this is the reason, by the way, why we are struggling, 90% of us, the way that we approach photography, we decide to go pro. We immediately basically rush to put up a website and portfolio. We start marketing our services, whether that's through Instagram, whether it's through Facebook, maybe it's paid ads.

all of it right we immediately kind of throw all this stuff up we get a few great images in there we put it together a website design that we think is good and then we just start marketing the services we run into this issue called leaky bucket syndrome i call it leaky bucket syndrome this is not a technical term but it's the idea that basically marketing without a properly established brand is a lot like trying to capture water with a bucket that has a giant hole in the bottom so your water goes right in the top and it goes straight out the bottom right and you're

question might be this sounds like theory pie and I'm like no this is not theory this is this is actually what happens in reality so you might be wondering well like how where does this happen and what I'm saying is basically even if you start generating views you'll struggle to convert those views into actual leads and then you'll struggle even more turning those leads into price respecting clients because they weren't the right leads to begin with so this is that place where we get stuck the the this is that high level

constraint the biggest issue that we have when it can be realistically it can be when we first start our business obviously most of us run into this right at that point or we've already established a business and we're already working we're putting in this grinding effort and it's going we are successful we're getting it moving but it's not efficient and it's not effective because we never properly created that brand that's worth respecting now I want to give you concrete examples of this and if you're wondering why we're going in depth here

I want to go in depth into this lesson and in this entire step because I need you to understand the importance of What this foundation is I'm gonna ask you to do quite a bit of work over steps 1 through step 5 I mean really it's steps 1 through 4 where we're literally just putting in the time the effort and then step 5 we start implementing I need you to have a concrete understanding of why I'm asking you to put that foundation in place from steps 1 through 4 Otherwise you might feel like well, I should just skip to step 5 and that's what I don't want you to do Okay

So, let's step outside of the photography world for one second. Let's go to some of my consulting work. So I do quite a bit of consulting work on the side and I charge a lot of money for this, okay? My one-on-one consulting, this is something that starts at like $10,000 per client for a standard commission for a one-on-one coaching plan, right? The people coming into it, the funny thing is that I'm literally saying and helping them implement the exact same.

steps that you're going to find inside this program. Only these are businesses in other spaces. It's physical therapy. It's finance. It's in this case, they are basically selling a type of financial product for people that want to retire or build their retirement, right? I blurred out the logos. I blurred out anything that could. I want to leave them anonymous essentially. But this was their website. If I showed you their social media and their logos and all of the other stuff, it's...

it's dramatically worse than this but this already is not good i mean we land here we go what's wealth building without protection okay so what do you sell do you sell insurance what kind of protection then you leverage the bank to finance your home why not leverage the bank to finance your retirement introducing kaizen what the hell does that mean i don't know what this means what is kaizen you're you're telling me kaizen something like like i should know what that name is you even put it down here and then there's this weird graph and and then we have experience in financial security powerful

financial team of professionals about us then they literally say the exact same thing that every we founded with the mission to serve and protect families to put clients needs first and follow the golden rule to treat others i mean this is literally what i would just expect of anybody that's holding my money oh a video is broken so that link doesn't even work this is a really bad brand experience okay inside of that that financial space and to give you a comparison if i looked at one of their competitors and granted this is a

large competitor. If I look at Capital Group, the reason why they popped into my head is because I have friends that work locally at Capital Group. But this is a very large company that has everything dialed. And I'm not saying you have to have things dialed to this extent. But look how simple this is. This is their investor page, right? Need help with your account? They know that that's the first thing people are looking for. So go to service and support right here. Then they say, okay, well, your goals are what matter. So here's what we offer. Here's how to get started. Wherever you're at in life, we're there with you. So here's how, what we can do with.

for college and finances after 40. They've identified their clients and they have a place to go for each one of them. It's well designed, beautiful spacing, simple typography, easy, the user experience is fantastic. Now you might be wondering like and by the way you don't need tens of thousands of dollars or millions of dollars, this is a billion dollar business, you don't need to be a billion dollar business or anything even close to that to get to something like this. Literally you can grab templates for a couple hundred bucks which but that's down the road, okay. So

It's very affordable to get to something that looks this established. I want you to understand why though, why this is so important. My client that had this brand, they had a video that they posted. They were posting hundreds of videos onto Instagram, and they just happened to have one of these videos that went massively viral, okay? So right time, right place, this video gets 10 million views. They converted 10 million views into 1,000 leads.

And of those 1,000 leads, they were able to build a six-figure business pretty much just within a very short period of time, like within a six-month period as they were publishing these videos, right? And you might think, that's incredible. But they reached out to me and they were like, Pi, we're ready to bring you on to consult. And it was a little, I mean, I'm still working with them. But I was like, this is late. I wish you brought me on earlier. No matter, we're gonna fix this, but we're late. And the reason why is, a brand that's established, if we.

had a presence from social media over to the website that was more refined, where we know our audience, we know what we're selling, we know what we're delivering, we can communicate in a way that resonates, make the process very simple and easy, kind of like what you see here, right? Then you should be able to convert around 1% of your views into actual leads, okay? For context, they generated 10 million. They got...

got 1,000 leads. That would have been 10 million views to generate 100,000 leads. That would have been 1% of 10 million is 100,000. The difference in doing this before putting all their time and their effort into marketing was 100 times the number of leads, okay? If they had done this before, it would have been game over. They would have had such a large.

network at that point, so many people waiting to work with them and so many referrals to potentially come to them that marketing wouldn't have been an issue, but because they reversed the process, threw up some crappy brand, some crappy offering that nobody can even understand, and then just started making videos because they reversed the process, they got 1000 leads. And while that sounds great, the trade-off was $500,000 compared to 100 times that, which is not $5 million, but rather $50 million.

we put up the brand, we start trying to market, and we're not getting the kind of people that we want, we tend to go to these scarcity mindset, these self-limiting beliefs, like the market is just too saturated. We think that clients don't value good photography. We think that they don't respect my prices, or as soon as I send my prices, they ghost me. We think I can't compete with cheap photographers, and there's so many of those. We think if I niche down, I'm gonna lose clients, or if I raise prices, I'm gonna lose clients. All of these things.

things are completely untrue, or they might have small truths to them, but yeah, the market is saturated. Every market is saturated. But that doesn't mean you can't do business in that market, and it doesn't mean you can't stand out, right? Clients don't value good photography. Some don't. A lot do. So each one of these has some grain of truth to it, but we cling to it as if it's the reason why we're struggling, and it's not, okay? All of this stems to the idea that

truth bomb that most of us, we failed to build a luxury brand and then we wonder why we're not getting high quality leads and high paying clients. Okay, now I wanna kind of get this concept home early as well that we need to look at what you're offering as a photography as a service as a luxury. I don't care how you design your brand. A luxury brand can look a number of different ways. It can look adventurous, it can look bold, it can look classy, it can look sophisticated.

It can look minimalistic. Those are just the way that it looks. But your brand has to be a luxury brand. And the reason why is because the consumer side of our business has already been eaten up by the phone. The phone does pretty much everything that a person would want. It's good enough. It replaces the reason to go to those crappy, remember like the Kmart and JCPenney portrait studios, the places where you'd go and spend a couple hundred bucks and get the same type of photos that everybody gets. The phone kind of replaced that because now everybody.

but it has a decent enough camera and it might not be a Kmart portrait, but it's real and it's an image that I'd capture of my kids or of people that I like and whatever it might be and it's good enough. It services that need on the low end. So if the low end of photography is already eaten up, it's gone, then what we're left with is basically photography as a luxury. It's people that wanna spend a good amount of money on photography, but for something elevated, for an experience that's elevated.

So, what does it mean to offer a luxury service in just general, right? Well, it's any product or service that's limited in nature. That's you, you are limited in nature. And even if you're building an associate brand, photographers, they are highly skilled and it takes time to train them, right? So it requires highly skilled labor. It's time intensive. There's only so much scaling we can do because of how time and labor intensive it is. And it requires an elevated experience. And that's a big piece that a lot of us leave off.

Right, but I want us to understand this concept. We have to position our brands as a luxury brand. And to kind of help make this idea just a little more concrete, this is a difference. Again, stepping outside of our photography world for a moment, this is a difference in the real world, right? On the left, you have a luxury. They're, I mean, they're everything. Accessories, clothing, this is Louis Vuitton, right? So they sell all this stuff. This is a luxury brand. On the right.

you have Ross essentially where they sell high-end brands but it's not a luxury space. Now if I were to ask you tell me what are the differences and you can you can jump in and and jump into the chat and tell me what are the differences between these two consumer experiences by the way if I say jump in the chat it's for people that are here while we're filming this live if you're watching this from the lesson library you can go to the comments you can also jump on to Facebook as well but what are the

the difference between these two? Well, on the left, right? On the left, we have every piece of this merchandise, every product is placed as a piece of art. You have one at a time, you have beautiful lighting, you have a minimalistic design, you have a store that looks clean, it's warm, it uses kind of a refined overall experience just in the materials that are used in the store, right? On the right, you have industrial carpeting

cheap concrete flooring and products that are placed not as if they're luxury items, but as if they're just a commodity, like go and pick which ones fits you. We have something for everybody type thing. There's not something for everybody on the left, but there's something for everybody over here on the right. And you expect the prices to follow suit. We have an expectation of higher prices on the left simply because of the design of the experience itself versus the expectation of deal shopping over here on the right.

where there's something for everyone, where we're selling commodities, right? The funny thing is, the difference in actual quality of material between items sold on the left versus items sold on the right, they don't justify the difference in price. Maybe some of these items, they use nicer material than these items, right? But a purse over here sells for $3,000 and a purse over here sells for $30. You can't tell me that the $3,000 is because it uses nicer leather. Of course it uses nicer leather

Maybe it has, you know, handcrafted stitching, whatever it might be, but that's an expectation. It's not a feature that drives the price point. What drives the price point is the lifestyle and the experience that's attached to the brand versus over here, there really isn't one. Like we're looking for brand kind of names, but at a cheap price and that's it. I wanna bring this home because while we understand this whole idea from the outside,

other people's businesses, looking at that example. Most of us, this goes back to, again, more than 90% of us create brands that look like a commodity, and then we leave our clients in this position to basically price shop, and then we wonder why they do, we've created a brand that doesn't demand price respect. And then we wonder why they don't respect our pricing. This is to illustrate this concept of essentially brand framing, okay. Luxury framing.

versus commodity framing. So, let's bring this into the photography world, and I'm gonna first give you kind of a ridiculous example. This is my daughter. This is an image that I took of my daughter, and I grabbed one of the worst websites I could possibly find. I like literally typed in, show me like the worst website designs, and it gave me this Pacific Northwest X-ray ink. So, I dropped the image in this website just as a point. I know none of you are designing websites like this, but I want you to see how cheap the image looks just from dropping it in here, versus I went on to.

a crappy template site, and I found the most basic photography template, and I simply put it on there. So they already had this little shoe shot, and I just left everything exactly the same, okay? But look at the difference in perceived value between this experience versus this one. And you might be going like, Pi, I know, none of us are gonna go and create this, right? We get that. But I want you to see it for real as well. So this is an exaggerated example to get this idea across.

Now I wanna show you an alumni example. So this is Stephanie, okay? She has a boudoir business and to be completely honest and fair, her existing website is still better than the majority of photographers that go into business. Okay, this is dramatically better as far as a brand experience than the majority of us when we first start. That being said, we did a little website audit and I said, I feel like we can elevate this even further. And so what I did in this audit was.

I just took her exact same imagery, the exact same everything, and I basically made an experience that was more refined. Okay, and it's this. So now it's unveiled, it's the same everything. I went and just grabbed her images and dropped it over a template that I found and did this all in Canva, right? And I put her image right here. There is a huge difference and there's thought behind it. Some of the thoughts that I had was like, well, Stephanie, and by the way, we're here because we're an.

all kind of genres of clients serving photography, right? I'm gonna give you examples across all different realms, but I wanna give you this one because we'll have a lot of wedding examples. I wanna do something that's non-wedding related first. But look, I asked Stephanie, I'm sure a lot of your clients would come in and they want something that's sensual, but do you agree that maybe boudoir clients are at different levels? Like you've got level one where it's like, I want something sensual, but it's also like kind of classy and not too in your face. And you got level two, like I wanna go a little bit further,

level three, which is like, let's get naked, right? Granted, you're not gonna ever say those words, but this is just us. Okay, so this is like for the client that's like ready to go, let's just get naked, right? And I'm like, well, if this is the landing page of our website, maybe we show an image that speaks to all three of these clients. They want something sensual. They can see themselves in that picture because for this photograph, I think only a certain number of people might see themselves in that image. So that's when I went to a portfolio and I found this one. And I'm like every single.

one of your clients, every woman can see themselves in this picture. If they want boudoir, this is gonna be something that they're all gonna want. We brought a clarified message, we brought it right up front, made it simple, had a bold call to action, let's chat, and then we said and introduced herself right there. Everything else about this is just simply making it more clean and more refined of a design. Choosing an image that fits the quality of work that she's creating to represent herself, telling her.

story, reducing the number of logos and all these things that like maybe they have some relevance we share them down below but they don't need to be right there up top and cleaning up the typography. This is framing. So what I want you to keep in mind is that Stephanie's work didn't change at all. I didn't go and create new images. I didn't go and we didn't even do a new picture. I literally found this picture. It was either on our website or on Facebook and I was like oh that'd be a better picture that's more fitting that would speak to those clients, like speak to every one of those clients.

So that's it. It's the same images, it's the same work, it's the same everything, but reframed. And the question would be, well, which brand has higher perceived value? I'm sharing this with you right now, not with the intention that you're gonna get started yet, because I'm not giving you the steps to get started yet. So don't go jumping into this yet. What I want you to understand is where we're going with these first four steps. We're gonna start the implementation at step five, but this is where we're going. We're here.

to build a luxury brand experience that converts views into leads, that demands price respect, and it helps you stand out by showcasing you. All right. If you have any questions on this, jump into the Facebook group. Um, love to hear you there, but that's it for this lesson. Let's jump to the next one.