are in that space where you're serving a bunch of different people right like a bunch of different clients and in different spaces all I'm telling you to do is we're gonna pick one I'd like for you to pick the one that aligns with your interest and that aligns with your revenue like like where is the majority of revenue coming from where is that most your interest in let's align those two things let's focus on them that doesn't mean you can't continue taking the work that comes in right we can still like whether it's existing clients

what I'm doing, just because I focus in on weddings doesn't mean I can't do the headshot job, doesn't mean I can't do the real estate job. I have a network, and within that network, people are gonna ask me to do different things. Absolutely, you can do those things, but we don't have to market everything that we're shooting. We wanna market the images that we want to recreate, the clients that we wanna continue bringing in. That's what we wanna focus in on the marketing side. But look, whether you're building a brand portrait business or whether you're building a wedding studio, it doesn't matter, what you're also building is a network.

So, let's say you do brand portraits for entrepreneurs and thought leaders, okay? Those same people are going to become part of a network. And they're going to come back to you and say, hey, I also need product photos for my business. Oh, hey, I know someone that's getting married. Do you by chance do that? Or do you have any recommendations? You can always take those other jobs. Great. Fantastic. And you can also turn them down if you want to focus on what you want to do. But it doesn't mean that just because you took the job that you have to market it. So, you can always shoot other.

What I'm saying is let's choose one thing to drill home in terms of our messaging, our landing page, what is our brand, our business focus, and by all means, do all the other jobs you want or don't. That's up to you. And plus, you can do unpaid shoots too. You can do your own shoots. Like the idea that you have to only shoot within your niche is crazy, okay? Now there's another question that often pops up is like, what if I wanna serve two different niches or even two or more, right? Niches that.

that are completely different from each other. Like let's say boudoir and brand portraits. Those are totally different things, right? Well, the first thing that I would say is I would love for you to build one business at a time. I think it's a terrible idea to build more than one business at a time, okay? You just don't have enough time and effort to be able to split between these two things. Most of us, that's a kind of a recipe for disaster for most everyone. But the second thing I would say is if that's something you wanna do, if you've already got one of them going and it's going.

going well and you want to spin up another, then what we're talking about is you need a completely separate brand, okay? So if we have two niches that are completely different, we're looking at two completely different brands, all right? Now, attached to that is, well, but what if I want to serve maybe two or more niches, but they're completely related? Like, let's say that I want to do weddings, but I also want to do like maternity because a lot of my wedding clients become maternity clients and then we do families, then it's simple. Well, what is it that you mainly want to do? Is it weddings? Okay.

let's build the landing page, let's build the business to focus on weddings, and then you can always have a menu option that says services, and you have a couple other genres like family, portraits, and maternity, whatever you wanna put in there that's related, you can put it in there. And we can always market to those things through other efforts, right? Like we can create SEO articles, we can create resources, but your main business is what creates the network that's gonna drive to those other services, right? That's totally fine. What we don't wanna do is mix the marketing message. So if you.

you wanna do niches that are completely related, then again, that's what a services menu is for, that's what other ways of marketing for, but I still want you to focus on one. So my suggestion here is we're gonna select one niche, one type of client to be your focus. As you do that, you're still gonna build your network and they're gonna ask you to do other things, and that's great. And to understand that you can always market to other clients through your services menu, through SEO resources and articles, through your referral network.

through your newsletter, there's a number of other ways once you've built these relationships to continue marketing other services, but I still want you to start with one. The idea here, have you guys ever seen like the plate spinners? I'm sure you've seen someone that spins plates, I'm not an expert in this, but when I've seen them, they always start with one plate, get it spinning, then they start another plate, get it spinning, then they start another plate, get it spinning, then they revisit the first, spin it up a little bit more, and revisit the second, get it going again, then they go to the fourth, and they keep like revisiting.

That's what it's like in business too. You start up one business, you get it spinning, you get it going, then you start up another. You don't try to do multiple things at once. And I need you to recognize that when you add on a different niche service, you're not simply adding on another niche or another style of photos. You're adding on a completely separate business. If I wanna do senior portraits and I also wanna do weddings, right? This is not the same client. This is not the same brand experience.

I know it's from your standpoint from a photographer standpoint It's like well I would approach both shoots the same way like I do very similar things the way that I light the way that I shoot It's all very similar, but from the brand standpoint the client standpoint. Those are two completely separate businesses seniors They want to see more images of seniors. They want to see how you work with seniors They want to see you communicate messages that relate to them Whereas wedding clients they don't want to see senior photos a bride doesn't want to see seniors popping up on your feed They don't care about

you know, 10 tips to taking better senior portraits or here's what you gotta do before you graduate. They want things that apply to them. They want bridal tips. They wanna see other inspiring images from brides and other weddings. They wanna see details and help with their timeline. Their needs are completely different. So we have to look at the niches as not simply a technical skill, but anytime we add a niche, we're looking to create a completely separate business. That's what it is in reality.

Okay so the question now is how do I choose the right niche? How do I make sure I don't serve clients that I dislike, that I don't build a business that I end up hating, we don't want that, that's not sustainable, and that I don't burn out and quit because that's the ultimate direction that this goes if we choose an area just for the money or if we choose an area just for a short-term kind of need then we end up often building something that is not sustainable. So here we go.

Our first action step, we have the niche finder tool and coach. Okay, really there's three steps when it comes to figuring out your ideal niche. Okay, step number one is to kind of select a potential, an idea for your niche. Step number two is to visualize what it would be like to actually do that thing. And this is where I want you to go a little bit deep within this process of visualization, okay? And then once you understand, once you truly understand that I'm going to give you a checklist and you're going to confirm like this niche.

can satisfy all of this criteria, and then we know that that's something that fits. So let's show you what that looks like essentially. Step one, selecting a potential niche, okay? So to get your mind moving, I have some niches and sub-niches, and what I've done first is we want our niche to have proven market demand, okay? That's step number one. We can't choose a niche or choose a space that has no demand. I mean, you can, but if you choose a space that nobody's looking for, that there's no demand, people don't know that they need that thing, then basically what...

what it leaves is for you to become such a big name that people just wanna work with you, okay? So generally wanna choose something that has decent market demand to begin with. And what I've done is I've created a little set of ideas. So within the space of wedding photography or corporate photography or family photography, I've created sub-niches. So whether it's, you could focus on a niche like wedding photography, or you can go into a sub-niche as well. It's not required that you sub-niche, but the more we can differentiate, it's a little bit better, okay? So.

at least have a niche, and if you'd like, you can go down and do a sub-niche. But these are all niches and sub-niches that have good market demand. There is plenty of money to be made in each of these spaces. This is not a comprehensive list. Like, you'll notice that I didn't include boudoir on here, but clearly boudoir is one of those. This is just a place to get you thinking about kind of areas that have decent market demand, okay? Obviously, boudoir would be on the list. Okay, at that point, we selected.

an idea potential, then it goes to, well, now I want you to visualize. So spend 10 minutes visualizing day-to-day life as well as the pros and cons of this potential nation. What I really want you to think about is what would day-to-day life look like say three to five years from now? What does, what are the pros and cons of being inside this niche? Are you dealing with the type of clients that you love dealing with, or do you see potential issues there, clashes in personality to help you out with this process, I'm giving you a prompt. And so.