Next, so why you must niche down and maybe the more important aspect is how, okay? There's gonna be a large number of you that have already selected a niche and there's gonna be some of you that have not and regardless of where you might be at, I still want you to stick with this because I need you to see how everything is connected as we go down this road, okay? There's a general fear when it comes to niching and there's actually quite a few fears but probably the biggest one that I.

constantly see is if I don't offer more services, then I'm not gonna make enough money. There can be a small truth to this, but there's a large untruth here. The first part is that it's by niching that will actually allow you to make more money. So niching is gonna make you more money by far always. That's the big truth. But there is a small truth where if you built kind of a haphazard brand that's accepting people from all over, you're doing some headshots, you're doing some real estate.

you're doing some weddings, you're doing some of this, some of that, then of course as soon as you start cutting off service segments, you're going to feel like you're not going to make enough money because you no longer do that thing, right? I'm not necessarily telling you to cut anything off by the way. What I'm saying is that we need to get focused in terms of what it is that we're actually selling and I'll speak to that in a second. But that fear, that idea that you're not going to make enough money in that place, it's short term. Long term you're going to make

more money by niching, but in that short-term period, you might have that fear because right now, you're generating money from a bunch of different places. It's okay, I'm gonna tell you how to deal with that, but I want to get over this fear, okay? We're gonna do it together. So let me give you a bit of proof. You probably wouldn't even think that you could focus just on puppy portraits, but that's literally what one of our alumni, actually we have several alumni that do just this. Chris made $24,000 within a month and she.

lives in a small city, she used to live in Denver and where it was far easier because it's a larger place. Now she lives in a city of 57,000 people. She made $24,000 in a month as a puppy portrait photographer. So yes, even in dialed-in niches, even in smaller places, we can still generate a substantial amount of revenue. Then we have, like say Thomas. Thomas is out of Denver, he does boudoir and forecasting for the year, this is for 2025, if he keeps track of his booking.

rate in sales, he could pass $500,000. He's been killing it over the last year. He's been crushing it. And all he does is boudoir. So the riches are in the niches. I don't know if you've heard this saying, but it is absolutely true and accurate. The riches are in the niches. And the reason why is it is allows you to speak to a very specific type of client. It allows you to really dial in, in terms of your marketing message and the way you're communicating. But for just a moment, what we're going to do is we're going to have, we're going to play a little exercise.

now, where you assume that you've mastered every genre of photography, okay? I want to assume that despite it taking, you know, you're never going to master everything, but let's just say that you have, and even if you did master a bunch of different spaces, it would take you a decade plus to do that, but let's just say you've done this. The question is, how would you communicate that message and to who? I love using this as like an illustration because I can really help you understand how this sounds from the client's perspective. So I want you to imagine that you...

you are a client or a potential client, okay? You are a potential person looking for a photographer and maybe it is, you can think of whatever you want to be looking for in terms of photography, okay? But it's one of these genres. And this is me, you see me pop up on Instagram and I say, hey, I'm Pi, I'm the owner of Capture Awesome Photography, CAP for short, and no matter what your photography needs are, I got you covered, okay? I do headshots, I do weddings, I do newborn family, real estate, corporate events, bar and bat mitzvahs, I do pets and animals. Look, as long as you want.

awesome pictures, give me a call, 1-800-I-DO-IT-ALL today. If you saw that ad, would you hire me? That's my question. If you saw this ad, would you hire me? And I want you to be completely honest, would you hire this photographer? I think the vast majority of you would probably say no. Because even if you're looking for one of these things that I do, and let's say you wanted weddings, let's say you wanted real estate, whatever it was that you're looking for, it doesn't sound like I'm an expert in any one.

one of those things, does it? It sounds actually probably like I'm a used car salesperson who's just trying to convince you to buy something from me, even though you may not want it, even though it might not be the thing that actually meets your needs, I'm just trying to get your money. This is what it sounds like. That is the used car sales pitch. And when we try to market to everybody, that's what we're doing and that's how it sounds. And we can even take it outside of the space, okay? Let's take it completely outside of business altogether. This is a tempting.

to create a business that speaks to everyone, right? And it sounds dumb. What if we attempted to create a piece of art that speaks to everyone? Well that's literally Komar and Melamed, okay? This is the most wanted painting. This was an experiment that was done back in 1995, whatever, where basically they did a survey in polls and they asked people like, what do you think the perfect piece of artwork, perfect painting would be? And so they had a list of all these different options.

and people would choose like, oh, blue sky, clouds, it's gotta have like deer in it. It's gotta have like a family. It's gotta have a kid. Overwhelmingly, a lot of people chose George Washington. It's gotta have trees. So they literally put together the world's most wanted painting. This was the painting that satisfied everybody's needs. And you look at that and you're like, I would never buy that painting. That's great. It satisfied what everybody wanted in the photograph. And now it speaks to absolute.

none of them. The same concept could apply in music, it could apply in paintings, it could apply in in writing books, but it most certainly also applies in business, okay. And so what we run into with this idea when someone says, you know, Pi, I don't need to niche down, I'm good at a lot of things, what I need you to understand the truth bomb behind this is that it's not a skill issue. First, I also want to say like most the time when people are like, I'm good at ten different things, I usually end up seeing someone who...

is average at best at all 10 of those things. They're not exceptional at any one. But let's just say that that's covered. This is not a skill issue. Even if you had the skill, the problem is that we can't effectively market without speaking to a specific audience and with a specific need, okay? And yet, that's how we design our website, our portfolio, our online experience. We go through our images, we choose out, oh, this was a cool brand portrait that I did. This was a great dog image. This is an event that I shot, like a running event.

Here's a destination engagement. Here's a wedding. Here's some behind the scenes work that I do. There's also some wildlife and some landscape work. I can do all this stuff. This is how we tend to build out our website where we see all these images in our portfolio. And maybe you don't go this far. You don't go as far as showing all of this, but maybe you show way too much within specifically the wedding space, way too much within specifically corporate portraits because you don't know who it is that we're trying to speak to. But the majority of us are doing this with our brands.

So we kind of brought that idea about music and I love this quote from Ed Sheeran, which is, I can't tell you the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone. Okay, I think we've drilled this home. This whole concept of niching down is exactly what's gonna make it possible for you to quickly level up your technical skill. So if you are starting out on the technical side, like you're developing your artistry, it's by focusing where you can dump all of your time into one specific area and become exceptional.

at that area very quickly. That only happens if you focus, right? It's through niching where you can actually identify your ideal client because now you can know who you're speaking to. Then because we know our ideal client, we can craft the perfect message for them. Then because we understand the client and the messaging that resonates with them, we can tailor the right brand experience. I know what website to choose. I know what copy to put on that website. I can market to the right audience. If I want to do paid ads, I don't have to. I can do organic everything, which is what we do.

we teach you here, but if you wanted to do paid ads, then you know exactly who to market to. It's also in the process of niching that you're gonna simplify your life. I don't think a lot of us realize how stressful it is to try to run a photography business when your revenue comes from headshots and real estate and weddings and all these different places. It is a total grind. And if you don't know how stressful that is, ask somebody that's done that. It is highly stressful and you never know.

when your next paycheck and who your next paycheck is going to come from, because we don't know who to market to. We have so many different places to go. It's also in niching down that you're going to make dramatically more money. We're talking like 10, 20, 30, 40 times more money, okay? Now the typical questions that come through at this point is something I want to address. So the first one, this idea like, but, but, but if I niche down, then I won't be able to shoot other things. If you.