Okay, I have a couple optional steps here. One is identifying aspirational competitors. So if you look at the brand and strategy workbook, the next section is aspirational competitors. These can be basically people worldwide, it's anybody. And the idea here is that you kind of list out some of the people in your genre, in your space, that are just doing work that's above and beyond. Like these are brands, these are people that kind of we're aspiring to, right? They're not necessarily direct competitors. They're brands that I would say like set the bar for the experience that we'd like to deliver. Again, most aspirational.

brands, they've been doing this for a decade plus, okay? Please do not fall into the comparison thing. This is more like so-and-so is doing work at a level, like they're communicating the level that I want to aspire to, or I want to beat, I want to surpass that, that's fine. But I don't have the expectation that I should be able to do that now because they're far more established than I am, or they've dialed a few things in that I haven't yet. But that's the idea behind what we're looking at here. So this is optional. If you're going through the research process, or if you already have people in mind that are like, man, one day, this is where I'd like to be, I want you to have a space for that just so you can keep them there to ideate, right?

Again, you get a lot of ideas, even though they might be marketing to kind of a different space, a different audience, they can still give ideas in terms of design, in terms of, you know, like overall aesthetics and the way that they're communicating, how they're marketing. They're still a great place for inspiration. All right, so for this, I'm usually doing like an AI or online search. You can go either way, but I would say, if I'm using AI, I'd say, show me like the best family photographers in the world, or who are the five best pet photographers in the world. I generally lean more to AI for questions like this because they're generally not as time relevant, right? Like typically people that are the best in a space.

they've been doing it for a good period of time. Whereas like, if I need instant results, like AI can have that lag on like when it's pulling information in, right? If I need something relating to what's happening right now, then I might not use like an AI search for that. But in this case, I think it's one of the easiest ways to find good information there if you don't already have these people in mind is to go to AI, type in, you know, who are the five best pet photographers in the world and see what it gives you. What you're gonna do is select up to five aspirational competitors. I want you to only add them to your list if they're serving the same need. It doesn't really help you. I mean, if you want to, you can, but if you're like, man, I aspire to be like, who's a...

Joe McNally, okay, and you're like, you're a wedding photographer, or you're a boudoir photographer, and you're like, I wanna be like Joe McNally. Okay, that doesn't really make sense though, because Joe McNally does not do boudoir, he does not do, he does kind of like commercial portraits, editorial portraits, he kind of works mostly in that space, and he does a lot of education. So you're not gonna see a lot of great inspiration there, a lot of great things that are gonna apply directly to you, because you might respect them, you might admire them, but they're doing something totally different. So if they're not serving the same need and niche, then leave this off. They offer an elevated experience, okay? If they don't, then.

Again, is it really aspirational? They fit your style and they should obviously exceed your quality. That's the whole idea of someone that's aspirational. That they're above in all these different places. If they don't kind of meet all that criteria, I'd probably say pick someone else to aspire to. Then what you're going to do is briefly describe kind of what you like about their brand or what are the things that you find particularly aspirational. Again, this is just to help you with a little bit more like ideation. If we can find a few of these brands, like let's say if you're in the wedding photography space and that's the space that I'm probably most familiar with in terms of names, let's say you go.

Oh, well, I aspire to be like Jose Villa, right? He's a very common person that a lot of people aspire. He's probably the most well-known wedding photographer. And you go to his website and maybe you identify that from looking at Jose's work, you're like, okay, well, hmm, where do I go on the website and stuff? I'm not really sure. And you kinda click around and you're like, okay, I don't really know where to contact. About, like, do I go galleries, do I go weddings? Okay. And you start realizing like, all right, what I really aspire to in terms of Jose is I love the name that he's.

built for himself, and I love the imagery that he creates, but the experience is not necessarily something that I would wanna create for myself, right? Because it's not an easy-to-use client experience, essentially. That's the idea here, is that you're gonna place down what it is that you aspire to, and the thought is that we keep those things in mind as you continue growing and developing, and have a bit of inspiration there to look at. Again, this is an optional step, so you don't have to do this, but if you'd like to, let's go ahead and pause, and complete the aspirational competitors here.