Okay, quick quick. We have one more optional item. So this is identifying collaborative partners This is an optional step here because what I would say is we're not really gonna use this information Until you get into the marketing section So that's step 6 through 11, right? But once you get there, it can actually be really helpful So since we're looking at direct competitors and since you're in the space of trying to see like who's competing locally It's a good time to also identify collaborative partners because

you'll be able to find them from those other photographers pages that you're looking at essentially. So what this means is a vendor partner is basically anyone that offers a service that is complementary to your service and to your clients needs. So remember that idea it's complementary, it's not the same it's complementary right. So for example if you're in the wedding space then complementary vendors might be people like planners, florists, DJs and so forth. If you do family photography then

vendors might be people that you know offer boutique clothing it might be a nice high-end daycare it might be a kids club that type of thing if you're in the boudoir space then potentially someone that's complimentary might be makeup hair lingerie and so forth pet groomers you have trainers pet supply all that kind of stuff obviously any vendor in your space has to be a luxury vendor as well right if you're in the pet space and you're trying to get people to spend two three four thousand dollars on their pet photographs you're not going to find those people you know

There are unlikely to be people that are buying Costco puppy chow, you know, like I do buy Costco stuff for my, but I also give our dog like really good food too, like we make food for him. But what I'm saying is you're not going to like a Petsco, but rather you're going to a place that's like selling boutique services, a boutique trainer, a boutique groomer. So you're choosing people that are offering a service at your level, otherwise, you know, you're unlikely to get qualified leads from them. So those are vendor partners, right?

Then there's like venue partners or, sorry, there's vendor and I think I also had venue. Do I have identifying partners? Okay, I probably should have built one more. So venue partners are more specifically to like weddings. So basically wedding and event type businesses might also find venues to be very, very helpful. Venues isn't as much a helpful thing outside of like wedding and event genres. But event genres are things like bar mitzvah.

buzz, quinceaneras, all that, those are very helpful too on the venue side. So either way, these relationships are mutually beneficial in a number of ways, right? Because the collaborative process, what we end up being able to do is, we can end up basically collaborating and tagging each other on social media, we can end up putting together campaigns that we can launch in each other's newsletters, we can do co-branded arrangements, we can do partnerships to refer business to each other. There's a lot of really great opportunities there when it comes to it.

speak more on that later. For right now, I kinda just want you to get ideas and help, and just identify them for right now. We'll worry about what to do with them at a later point in time. What I also want you to focus on here are immediate relationships you can create, not necessarily aspirational ones. So an example of that might be like, look, if you are an up-and-coming pet photographer, right, and there's a, let's say you wanna, you're like, man, it'd be so great to work with this, this, you know, puppy child brand, and there's.

They're the biggest brand in the entire industry. They're a multimillion dollar company. This is an aspirational relationship. If you're just starting out, like it's probably unlikely that if you send them anything, if you try to collaborate, they're gonna listen. Once you're established like they are, then they would listen, right? So what I want you to focus on here is identify people that would be a potential immediate relationship. Similarly in the wedding space, if you were like, I wanna go work with Mindy Weiss, who's like the world's biggest wedding planner. She's gonna get thousands of emails from random photographers and she's gonna ignore all of them. So that's.

unlikely to be anything that's gonna the it's an aspirational relationship for like way down the road So what I want you to focus on here are identifying Businesses that are around the same level as you like there may be a little bit further ahead But there are people that that you could potentially create an immediate relationship with you notice that you know Maybe you have a couple thousand people following you on instagram. Maybe they have 10 000, you know Maybe it's a little bit more but they're not you know The person that has a million subscribers and you're like, oh, I just want to work with you because they're getting inundated

with those and they're unlikely to respond. So the focus here is immediate relationships. To give you ideas here as you're searching, what we're looking for, collaborative networking, it only works when you're selecting a partner, a potential partner that's within your photographic niche. So it has to be someone that would serve complimentary, something that basically serves your clients in a complimentary way, right? They work with or potentially will work with your ideal clients. They have a similar or slightly larger online presence. Similarly.

developed in their business. They can add value to a shoot or to a collaboration. If they're unwilling to do something, then that's not helpful. They're gonna cover, like if we're talking about a styled shoot or something that we're gonna do together, they're willing to cover their individual expenses. And we basically bring in models. If we're looking to bring on models, like someone that's, oh, I wanna work with, let's say you do brand portraits and there's an influencer you wanna work with because you think that if you do their brand portraits, they'll speak of you and they'll, well, we wanna make sure that.

if we're using that person as a model, that they actually look like our potential clients, okay? So we need to make sure that they check off this list. And what I've done here in this worksheet is I just wanted to give you ideas to help you think about what some of these mutually beneficial partnerships might look like within your niche and space. So this is easy in the wedding side. It's just planners, florists, bridal boutiques. It's a little more difficult outside of that side, right? So for boudoir brand portraiture, then you have people like makeup and hair artists, hair salons, that kind of stuff also works for.

Weddings. Hotels, resorts, events, weddings. Honestly, these are for event and wedding photographers primarily. Some family photographers could potentially create relationships there, but there's not that much there. Personal trainers, gym owners, and coaches. This is great for boudoir, for brand portraits, for headshot photographers. Those are great spaces. Pet groomers, trainers, qualified breeders, vets. Great for anyone in the puppy spaces, animal spaces. Midwives, OBGYNs, hospitals, and birth centers. Fantastic for newborn and maternity. Real estate agents, interior designers, lawyers.

Awesome for family headshots brand photographers or family headshot and brand photographers And then we have like local bloggers creators and event organizers This is really any genre as long as their audience would potentially align with yours. They could they could potentially work there, too so for Potential venues using a search engine the the easiest way to find these is just looking in wedding venues in Los Angeles Corporate event venues in New York City you just search basically and add them you can also use an AI tool I'm gonna give you it's

I think, I don't want to show you each one of these. I think it'll get redundant to just show you how to copy paste this, but it's pretty simple. You're gonna replace the niche, the location, and a brief description of maybe what your clients are, who they are, and what they're looking for. And just say, looking for relationships, local venues that also serve these clients, okay? These venues can consist of this. I'm gonna ask for a bit of research from that and then look to pick good partners. I want you to select maybe up to 10 potential venue partners and then potential vendors, okay? So while you.

Use the search engine. I'm gonna show you my favorite way. So my favorite way is, there's two of my favorite ways. One is as you are identifying a direct competitor, right? So let's say you identify Linen Jersey Photography as a direct competitor. Just because it's easy to go through our stuff and I can show you whatever I want here. So a really easy way to identify potential partners, venues, the people that you wanna work with is literally to look at what we're posting. So you look at a wedding and look at everybody that we've tagged. So there's all the vendors.

So there's the couple, the planner, the photo, video, makeup, hair, venue, Anaheim Marriott, all of that. You have a complete list. So the way that we also use social media is that we tag and we credit everybody, and that's generally what photographers should be doing, right? So the easiest way to find potential vendors, venues, is once you've identified a direct competitor, someone that's in your area that's serving the same need, then you simply look at the people that they're working with and you're like, okay, let me see if, let's look at the venue, Anaheim Marriott. Okay, they have 18.3.