Friends, it is time for your SWOT analysis. This is kind of the first step of piecing it all together, but what we're gonna do now is, this is the time, this is the place where you're gonna start to choose what is the battlefield we're gonna be playing on. So we're gonna be playing on your strengths. These are the internal things that you do well. Weaknesses, those are kind of like, well, we wanna know what are the areas that we don't do as well, because I'm not gonna put those things forward. If these are a particular type of image, if it's a, you know, whatever it might be, I wanna focus on the strengths and I wanna limit the weaknesses. I wanna also look to identify opportunities. These are external opportunities around. So like these are potential weaknesses in other businesses.

as well as threats. These are external things going on in the market. I'm gonna give you ideas of all of this. This part sounds like a lot of theory and what I wanna do is give you a story and give you an idea of what it means so we can make this concrete, okay? So when we get to a SWOT analysis, I remember thinking of this in school when I first learned this concept. I was like, this sounds nice and everything, but really what does this mean? So what I wanna share is the story of David and Goliath, okay? We all know the traditional story of David and Goliath. The idea, the way that that story is used is that David was the person that was small, he was fighting.

gargantuan of a human um and and it was hand-to-hand combat David was never supposed to win this fight and the the underdog the underdog with God's support came out on top okay that's the that's the story the the moral that we kind of see is like you got to be like David who goes after Goliath the the big guy the guy that shouldn't lose and we're gonna take him down but what I love was Malcolm Gladwell did this um beautiful reframing he told the David Goliath story did research into this and he did his own interpretation of the story based on research so basically he was going into it he goes look

Look, an accomplished sling thrower, right? The force of a sling is equivalent to a 45 millimeter handgun. He also did research and realized that modern day slingers can actually kill birds. They're so accurate, they can kill birds from flight, let alone professional slingers back then who were probably far greater in their skill because it was actually required back then. The Rock plus David skill, an expert slinger, basically meant that he had something that could basically shoot a rock out at 35 meters per second. So that's a very powerful, basically handgun, a very accurate.

one as well. Also, from all the accounts of Goliath, he realized that Goliath very likely had giantism. This is acromegaly. This is how we diagnose it today, right? Acromegaly, which comes with a lot of issues, like bone issues, arthritis. On top of that, generally makes someone nearsighted. And he draws back to kind of the story when Goliath says, come to me. We read that and we think that that's a taunt, right? Like, come fight hand-to-hand, come to me, be a man-type taunt. And Malcolm Gladwell's like, what if in reality he's saying, come to me, like literally because I can't see this person. Like, come fight on my terms because I can't see I'm nearsighted.

sighted the whole concept is is when you look at Malcolm Gladwell's reframing of the story who was the actual underdog in the fight the actual underdog in this entire story was actually Goliath I mean if I said to you I'm gonna give David a handgun and Goliath is gonna start from a hundred feet away who's gonna win the fight you go oh David's gonna win the fight he's got a gun well that is literally what he had and when we reframe the story we're like okay David actually should have won Goliath was the underdog in this story that's not the way that we understand it but what is beautiful in illustrating is the

the idea of battlefields. David chose his battlefield. He chose to fight on the battlefield where he was most comfortable, where he had the greatest advantage possible, where he literally had a handgun and the other guy had a spear and he couldn't see. Had David fought Goliath's battle, had he fought on that close hand-to-hand field, he most certainly would have lost, and in a dramatic fashion. It's no different than in business, right? If you're just starting out, so let's say you're just starting out, you have a small team, maybe it's just you. Your network is small. Again, your business is new, and you're comparing yourself to a lineage.

and I'm not saying this to like boast, I'm just saying you're comparing this to any studio that has 15 plus years in business, that has a large team, that has a large network where established, it looks daunting. You're like, man, how am I ever gonna compete? But from the other side, I'm like, oh my gosh, there are so many ways you can compete and do things better than us right out the gate. And all this is to say, I don't want you to fight fair. I want you, I mean, I want you to fight morally and ethically, like I don't want you to break laws, but I don't want you to fight fair. I want you to change the playing field to suit your strengths and to avoid your weakness.

weaknesses. If this is Dave and Goliath, the weakness is I'm not going to do hand-to-hand combat. I'm going to stay at a distance. So what does this mean from a, this is the theory of this, but what does this mean in practicality? Well, the strengths of a new or smaller studio. These are a few of the common ones that I feel like just are very powerful and make it easy to stand out. Number one, you can create a very personalized brand experience. See with Lin and Jersa, even if I wanted to do this, which I have at various times, I can't create that because we run an associate brand. So I can't really get hyper-personalized with our experience because I'm not the one shooting.

my partners aren't really the ones shooting, our associates are. And if I get hyper-personalized with the associates, then what happens if the associates actually leave? If I build all this brand around, you know, five, six different associates that are killing it, what happens when there's turnover? So I don't have that ability. Like we don't have that ability to play on that battlefield. You can also offer a better level of client service because you can give one-on-one attention to people. You're not dealing with hundreds of clients. You don't have a client service person where we have to, the photographers don't interface with our clients because there's too many. So we have a client servicing team, right? You can give one-on-one attention. You can do faster service and delivery times. We are getting pretty good.

better at this, but our delivery time is getting solid. But in general, moving our ship requires a lot of time because it's a big ship to steer. Blogging and social media consistency. Do you know how difficult it is for us to get consistent things posted without putting it into the hands of the partner? It's so challenging on that side. Direct relationship with the venues and vendors. Again, because we're not the one shooting, it's difficult to actually create direct relationships with all these vendors and venues. It's a challenging thing. You can create quick teasers and turnarounds for your partners. You can offer at a more affordable price point. And honestly, this is the last thing I would compete with. All these other things are such fantastic strengths that you can bring.

forward in your business and by the way in a world where everything is moving towards AI in a world where everything is unpersonalized where everything is automated everything is do it on you know with this tool with a robot isn't a personalized brand experience a human level of client service one-to-one gonna stand out more and more absolutely this is the thing that literally will not be replaced we're always gonna want to connect with another human these are such easy ways to stand out in your business and then as weaknesses well newer smaller studios these are a few the common weaknesses that I notice in in studios that man if they just address these

it would be game over, right? But number one, I often notice that a newer studio, smaller ones, they generally, the quality of imagery could be improved. But that's kind of, that goes across the board. But often I notice they're trying to do too much. This is why I'm having you niche down. You're not gonna make this mistake. So every one of the things that you address here, you immediately start reducing the people on your competitive battleground, like your battlefield, right? We start with, okay, I'm a photographer. Now I'm competing with 100,000 people. Now I'm a wedding photographer. I'm competing with 10,000 people. Now I'm a wedding photographer based out of Orange County. I'm competing with 200 people. Each step that we narrow down, we compete with less and less.

less until there's only a few. So look, once we've gotten great quality of imagery, we move from 10,000 competitors to maybe a thousand. Once we niche down, we move from a thousand and these are just ideas. Okay. We move from a thousand to a hundred. Once we, uh, so the attention is too divided. We know who we're talking to. We're communicating. That's the same idea of niching down, right? We know our target audience. We're speaking to them on a very personal level. Now we go from a hundred to there's only 50 people doing that. Now our website design is clear. It's beautiful. It resonates. Our messaging is dialed in. Now we go from 50 down to 20. Now we address our slow response time. We get back to people quickly. We go from.