money, we did this test recently where we tried to see like the people in our space that are at our level. Chris called 10 other studios and basically pretended to be a client just so we can get information on like are people actually, people who run established businesses, are they following good sales practices? Out of, I think it was 10, maybe 20, I can't remember the exact number, but nobody called him back. We have a five minute rule that you're going to learn about when we get to sales. Nobody called Chris back within five minutes. Nobody called him back within 24 hours, which is like a nightmare. Very few people sent a thank you email to him like after he inquired. Only two or three, it was like 20%.

or 30% got back to him within a week and it was via email. Not a single person called. This is crazy. So like you're competing with 20, as soon as you address your sales process, now it's like, okay, now you've got two. That's in your competitive field. Then you start personalizing your brand, your communication, now you're the only one. You are now a business of one. You start doing other things like bonuses, quick teasers, turn off a partner. These are all ways to just differentiate. And as you cross off each one of these, you start noticing less and less people are on this battlefield competing with you. You become that business of one. Okay, what are potential opportunities?

So these are areas where I would say most photographers are weak and so therefore there is opportunities there So actually supporting vendors and venues with images you'd be blown away. This is especially important on the wedding and event side There are so many photographers who do not reach out to try to support the vendors and venues is such an easy way to stand out Supporting your local vendors and venues this goes for everybody reaching out trying to create relationships Looking to see what you can do to help them in their business. Nobody does this again an easy way to stand out Provide clients and by the way, I'll teach you how to do this more when we get into the marketing side I just want you to see opportunities right now. I want you to understand the concept providing clients with value

you added content. So this is like someone comes to you, they're planning a wedding and you're like, here's an ideal timeline, you know, just downloadable, right, so you give them like a free guide. Someone's planning, they wanna do boudoir and you're like, here's five tips on how to have an amazing boudoir session or three things and you give them resources, you give them guidance. Not that many people do this, it's an easy way to stand out. Consistently blogging and tagging the people that you're working with, easy way to stand out. Posting regularly to social media with tagging and supporting the people you're working with, again, an easy way to stand out. So these are awesome opportunities for everybody, places where most people tend to be kind of weak. What I would say in terms of threats, these are like industry.

Wide threats are consumer and economic changes that can like threaten the industry. So there's more and more AI photography tools. There's improvement in mobile phone cameras. So this thing that's been already good enough, it's getting better and better, right? So anytime we are basically focusing on product over experience, we leave ourselves very vulnerable to outside threats like your phone getting better. We leave ourselves very vulnerable to AI tools like replacing what you do. Because if what you do is simply create images, there's a lot of ways that people can go about that. This is why I really focus.

hard on helping you to understand what you're selling. You're not a photographer, you are a creative director. You are a person that's there to service a problem, a challenge, a need, to help them find a solution and to give them a customized, beautiful experience in the process. That is difficult to replace. You're serving a client that is high end, that's not something that technology, it's not something that a phone is gonna be able to take the place of. But if you are simply offering like, oh, I'm a photographer, my day rate is $500 and I'll come out and shoot content with you. That is replaceable. As soon as the next DJI drone comes, like.

Don't you think right now we have like all these different like DJI Osmo and all these little cameras that like do things. We are so close to the place where somebody invents a little wheeled robot that has a camera on it and it just follows you around and takes pictures and does whatever you want. At that point, the person that's like, oh, I'm $500 a day and I'll come out and shoot video with you. They're all replaced. So I don't want you to be the person that just takes photos. I don't want you to be the vendor that just comes and does. I want you to be the person that ties into their goals, into their solutions. I want you to understand what we're selling and what we're selling goes far beyond simply photographs. Okay?

Those are the threats that we have. As long as we are positioning our brand as a human brand, as long as we're connecting on a personal level, we're giving an authentic experience, we're giving a luxury experience, we're safe from these threats, okay? We're not in a place where those things are gonna affect us, at least not dramatically. Okay, so what I want you to do now is go ahead and complete your SWOT analysis. So I've given you a little page right here. We're gonna go, let me just find it. Oh yeah, on the environment page, we scroll down, and here's the SWOT analysis. I don't want you to go too crazy into this. I want you to write down a few of your strengths, areas that you think you're gonna stand out, a few of the areas where you feel like there might be weaknesses, a little bit of where there's.

business opportunity, this is where your competition is weak and potential threats. I mean, I've kind of given you those, but if you feel like there's one that you wanna highlight or be aware of, that's totally fine. But you're gonna go and just be brutally honest as you complete this analysis. So strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, those are the areas where I want you to focus in on. I've covered kind of the broad threats, the things that are potentially happening on a consumer level. There might be some industry specific ones, like people kind of do sometimes change spending habits and whatnot. But mostly where I want you to spend your time is just in those three. Okay, go ahead and pause, complete that. And if you have any questions, just holler.

in the Facebook group.