It's time to put it all together. Okay, this is the place where I hope going through this process, you're kind of starting to see like, all right, I'm beginning to develop a vision for my brand. I kind of know where I want to start going. And you start seeing that idea that I've been reiterating over and over. As we go through these steps, you niche down, perfect, less people competing. You build on your strength, perfect, less people competing. You build through your personality and your values. Oh, nice.

Nobody does that the way that I do that. All of these leads you to becoming a one of one, and that's the goal. I want you to be, you might not be the only boudoir photographer in the city or in the area that you're working in, but you're the only one that offers your service at your level and with your set of values, with your personality, who you are. And the same thing goes whether you're doing family portraits or whether you're doing puppy portraits, whether you're doing weddings. There are other people around you, but as you keep dialing into who you're communicating.

to and building your personality into it and elevating your experience, you separate yourself from someone else to the point where it creates a beautiful thing, right? When we get to the sales process, one of the objections, one of the ways I'm going to have you handle objections when people go, but so-and-so is offering this, they're offering the same package for almost $2,000 less than you. Let's say that they're $8,000 and you're $10,000, right?

Or let's say it's $5,000 and $4,000, it doesn't matter. My favorite way to handle that objection is, well, do you feel like so-and-so is going to deliver you the same type of experience that I would? If you've done these things where your brand is distinguished, your experience is refined, from your work to the way you're communicating, you've completed the sales process with them. Most of the time, they're going to say, well, no, I do really like.

the way that you work, and then you say, yeah, I do charge a little bit more, but I know you're gonna love working with me, and I'm gonna enjoy working with you as well. Like, this is gonna be an experience you'd never forget. It completely solves that objection, but if you ask that question, you're like, well, do you feel like so-and-so offers as good of an experience as me? And they're like, yeah, I mean, their website's better, their work is just as good, if not better. Like, I like talking to them. Yeah, I think they're gonna. Then.

as the salesperson, you should be like, well, you should go hire that person. I mean, that's literally what I tell you. Like, we need to be the advocate for the client in sales, number one, that's first and foremost. So if a client tells me that, then I know that I failed in positioning my brand and setting up my experience and in doing all these things because I haven't differentiated myself. So when I ask that question, they're like, yeah, I actually think I might get something better over there. Then they should go over there, right? That's the end result. But we don't want that. What we want to do is.

is follow these steps, differentiate, so that when we get to that place, someone says that to us, we can literally say, do you feel like you'd have the same experience there? And they know from everything that they've seen, the way that you're working with them, they know that there's more value in what you're doing than for them to go and save a little bit of money somewhere else. Okay, so what are the next steps? With all of these pieces in place, now we start kind of laying the foundation for building this brand that's gonna resonate with your dream client. So the next steps is.

I want you to identify who that dream client is. We're gonna create your client avatar. We're gonna go through and create a clarified message that is directed toward that avatar. We're gonna then create a vision statement. All of these things are gonna become a compass for basically what the business is, for what we're trying to create and where we wanna go with it. And then of course, we're gonna name the business. This is assuming that you haven't named it already. If you've already named it, fantastic. But we'll talk about naming as well as we go into the next step. This is also the space and place where I would say if you're still struggling with.

niche, I kind of want you to repeat the process here in this step until you have a focus because as we go forward now you're doing the work. We're going to start defining everything, we're going to start laying pieces into place, we're going to decide the vision for the brand and all those things are really dependent on the idea of where you're niching down into. If we don't have that then we're going to be doing a lot of work that we potentially have to do rework on. That's it, you're done with this step.