It's time for step one. We are jumping in to lay your foundation. Basically everything we're going to be doing right now and moving on through is to help make the process of implementation that much easier, okay, to make it that much quicker as well. So let's get right into this and the first thing I'm going to say is the topics and pain points we're really discussing in terms of step one is this. Why should I focus in on a specific niche? We get that question a lot.

I really wanna drill this home, like the importance of niching. We also have a fear attached to that. Like, can I make enough money if I niche down? Yes, you can, but I'm gonna address that as well. We're gonna go deep into how to pick a niche that fits you. I'm gonna give you both a niche finder tool as well as a coaching AI to help you with that. Also, I'm kind of shifting things around a little bit. If you're familiar with the first version of this program, step two is where we actually did the competitor research and kind of how do I stand out? How do I execute?

implement quickly, how do I do all these things? Well, that's kind of an overall thing. But step two was where we did a lot of the market research. I'm actually shifting that forward and pushing some of the other things in step one actually to step two, because I think it's easier to come up with ideas and to know what, like say for example, your clarified message, what is your vision? Where are we going with this brand? I think it's easier to define those things after we do a bit of market research. So we're gonna hit all those foundational pieces right here. I'm gonna give you a heads up.

And I'm gonna say this in basically every single lesson because I want you to have this in your heads drilled in okay For me personally, I've been an educator for a long time and what I've learned ten years ago I'm not gonna explain this by the way every single time. I'm only gonna explain this in the first step ten years ago the educational space was filled with coaches with educators that were saying things like you're gonna get 30 hours 40 hours 50 hours of Content of material and what I quickly realized over that

time was that that's ineffective. Gone are the days where like it's a useful thing to have a lot of information and have tons of hours to go through because we don't ever complete those things, right? Right now, I personally believe that in order for education to be effective, it has to be simple and easy to understand. It has to be something that I can quickly gain so that I can basically go through the process of implementation. That's the only way that it works. So this is going to be fast-paced. Remember that

that you can pause, implement, and repeat that process as much as you'd like. And because this is step one, I'm also gonna say this. If you've been through this program before, if this is your second time around, or even third time, it's a beautiful thing. Your understanding right now, what you're really learning is the language of business. And that understanding, your ability to speak the language of business, is gonna improve over time. So if you're doing this for the first time, fantastic. But if you've completed it, come back and do another review. Thank you.

As your ability to understand the business, the language of business, as that improves, your next time through this, you're gonna see nuances and details that you didn't see the first time, okay? So treat this like a library that you revisit. And again, remember, pause, implement, and repeat, all right? Between sessions, also remember that the mentorship group is there for you to ask questions. You can ask of me, you can ask of our team. I do have some people in there right now that are group experts, and we also have our own team in there as well. You can seek advice from peers.

get feedback, you can link out to them and try to do role plays, all of that, network, amazing. I also want you to share your wins and aha moments. I'm not gonna tell you why here, because that's redundant, but there is a purpose to that as well. With that said, let's go ahead and dive into step one.