and teach them how to race on the track. And one of the concepts you learn early on is this idea of slow is fast, or the saying is slow is smooth, smooth is fast. The whole idea is racing around a track at full speed, it might look fast, but in actuality, like your times are really slow with the more the car is out of control. And it's the same way in your business, right? It can look like you are grinding and you're going so fast and you're going 90 miles an hour, putting 60 hours a week into this thing, but in reality,

we're not making significant progress. We're actually, it looks fast, but we're going very slow. So we're gonna slow down again and do a bit of market research so that way we can fast track implementation. What this looks like is when we get to the implementing side everything starts to go real smooth. And we're like, man, I'm just cruising through this. This is a breeze. Okay, the other thing I'm gonna say too is if you're at this point and you're still not yet certain about your niche this market research can actually help.

you to understand better whether this is a good fit for you. Okay. So I would say, even if you still are not locked in on your niche at this point, I'm going to have you continue by the end of this step, though, I do want you locked in. Okay. What I want you to avoid is there's a mindset pitfall that I want you to be very careful of. And it's the pitfall of comparison. Um, I'm not going to get super deep into this. I think we've all heard the quotes on, you know, comparison is the thief of joy and all that. We know this. Um, but there's a challenge here because I.

I need you to understand your competitive environment. I need you to understand your market and find inspiration and information from that. But at the same time, I don't want you to fall into this trap of comparison. And what that means is, as you go about this, you're going to, it's just, the human condition is to compare ourselves to others. And I know you're gonna do it not only with people in your industry and in your space, like in your market, but you're probably also gonna think about it with people that are in this program, with your peers, right? And you might.

at their websites you might look at you know where they're at their branding is more established their images might be better I want you to pull yourself out of that comparison I want you to look and say yes they are further ahead in this space than I am but that just means that I need to improve this one aspect and I will do that but I don't want you to beat yourself up because you're not there yet everybody's at a different space in this journey and a different place along it okay but your best tool for all of this is going to be market research

Research, we're gonna analyze your business environment. So that way you can kind of identify your direct competitors. You can see like who you're working with, where are their price points. You can understand, well, what are my strengths and where are my potential weaknesses? And you can also gain ideas for website branding and design, okay? All of this is gonna come from this research process. And then after this, we'll go into, okay, now let's start figuring out what is our voice? What is our messaging? But I want you to see what other people are doing.

In this process, as you're making these comparisons, you will very likely notice that you find a few direct competitors and then you're like, oh, they're doing exactly what I want to do or they're not even coming close to what I want to do. Like there's so many things. Either way, it's great. It's going to play into what we're doing. If they're doing exactly the thing that you wanted to do, well, they've proven that it's successful, but it's also kind of an idea of, okay, maybe I should shift a little bit of direction here in terms of my voicing, my approach so I can stand out and vice versa.

not doing the things that you're thinking about, then it's like, man, there's a fantastic opportunity here to stand out in and of itself, okay? But let's first talk about what is this idea of a direct competitor? So basically, same need, same location, similar style, this is a direct competitor. Anything else, like if we're looking at the same need, a different location, and a different style, that's an indirect competitor, or let's start with like a non-competitor, okay? This is a non-competitor. You're looking on the left at a wedding photograph.

and on the right at a fitness portrait. The jacked to the nines guy that's looking for these types of images cares nothing about wedding portraits and neither does this couple care about an image like this, okay? They're simply not competitors. You're both, if you see other people in this, like back in the day we thought, oh, photographers are all competing with each other. No, if you're doing this, you're not competing with photographers doing this. That simple, we understand that, okay? I want you to also recognize at this moment that without your need.

by the way, the task of actually focusing and doing market research is impossible because we have to research everything. There's no way we can actually dial in. And then now we have the game plan itself. So okay, without the niche, we don't know what it is that we're actually researching to begin with and what we're trying to do, whether you are already experienced in business or not. I don't care if you're new at this. I don't care if you've been doing it for 10 years. This market research stuff.

is critical and what I found is that most people don't do it, so that's why it's built in here. Even if you're experienced, I want you to do it because for those of you, no matter what side you're coming from, experienced or new to this, we're going to define basically what I call, I don't think this is my word, but it's your competitive battlefield. It's how we're going to play this game to our strengths, to basically stand out from everybody else. So even if you're experienced, I want you to understand what everyone else is doing so you can further differentiate yourself.

and play a game that nobody's playing, okay? All right, let's get back to this. So what is a direct competitor? We know that these are not competitors at all. Well, what about these? This is what I would call an indirect competitor. Remember the idea, same need, right? Same need, same location. This might be, even if they are the same location, they can still be an indirect competitor. But here we have a very different style, right? So let's say that we're two wedding photographers and we're in the same area. I'd still say we're indirect competitors because the clients.

for this which is really more like adventure photography this is like bold you know this is dramatic adventure like like like destination wedding that client is very different from this this is like soft romantic bright and airy that means that the bride the couple that's looking for this type of image they're not gonna be happy with these types of photographs and vice versa that makes them two different audiences so what I want you to recognize is that you might be wedding photographers

thinking, we're like, okay, this is a competitor, but it's not, they're indirect competitors because they're actually serving a different audience, okay? Same by the way if we applied this to boudoir, same by the way if we applied this to family portraits. If the styles are dramatically different, we're looking at indirect competitors. But then we have direct competitors. So again, this is a wedding analogy, but apply it to your area, right? This, as trained photographers, we might look at this and go.

So those are really different, Pi. Like those are, I can see like this is more warm, more colorful, this one is more like, I don't know, Fuji-esque, has more green tones. These are totally different. What I'm saying is, from the client's perspective, they don't have that ability to distinguish these types of nuances. These serve the exact same need. They serve the exact same function. They see this as a similar style. That's where we have to recognize like, okay, they can't see those nuances.

And so these would be direct competitors. So if you're looking at another brand portrait photographer, you're doing brand portraits, they're doing brand portraits, and you can see these subtle nuances, I'd say like, look, they're a direct competitor, okay? And that's not a bad thing, by the way. But understand that your clients, they can only distinguish massive differences. Like one is completely dramatic, flash lit, and one is natural light and airy. They can see that, but they're not gonna see differences in this level of nuance. But this is what we're really looking for. What we're really.

looking for are direct competitors that offer, they serve the same need. They're in a similar location and they have a similar style, not the same style, but a similar style. That's a direct competitor. Those are going to be the best places to go for inspiration because they're literally trying to communicate to the exact audience that we're trying to communicate with, right? These local direct competitors. This is the research that allows you to quickly gain website kind of.

ideas on terms of design, in terms of branding, inspiration, what images they use, how do they speak. It allows you to quickly understand kind of local pricing strategies, at least knowing where do they start, where do their collections typically end up. Most everybody's putting at least that information on their site. Oftentimes you'll find full pricing information on there, which is what I don't want you to do. You can gauge your quality of work and service by looking at what they're doing. You can find your strengths, and the short idea for this is, anywhere where they're weak.