and what i want to do is give you a story and give you an idea of what it means so we can make this concrete okay so when we get to a SWOT analysis i remember thinking this in school when i first learned this concept i was like this sounds nice and everything but but really what does this mean so what i want to share is the story of david and goliath okay we all know that the traditional story of david and goliath um the idea the way that that that story is used is that david was the person that was small

He was fighting a gargantuan of a human, and it was hand-to-hand combat. David was never supposed to win this fight, and the underdog, the underdog with God's support, came out on top, okay? That's the story, the moral that we kind of see is like, you gotta be like David who goes after Goliath, the big guy, the guy that shouldn't lose, and we're gonna take him down. But what I love was Malcolm Gladwell did this.

beautiful reframing and he told the David Goliath story did research into this and he did his own interpretation of the story based on research so basically he was going into it and he goes look uh an accomplished sling thrower right the force of a sling is equivalent to a 45 millimeter handgun he also did research and realized that that modern day slingers can actually kill birds they're so accurate they can kill birds from flight let alone

professional slingers back then who were probably far greater in their skill because it was actually required back then. Um, the rock plus David skill and expert slinger basically meant that he had something that could basically shoot a rock out at 35 mill meters per second. So that's a very powerful, basically handgun, a very accurate one as well. Also from all the accounts of, of a Goliath, he realized that Goliath very likely had giantism. This is acromegaly.

This is how we diagnose it today right acromegaly which comes with a lot of issues like like like bone issues arthritis on top of that generally makes someone nearsighted and he draws back to kind of the story when when When Goliath says come to me we we read that we think of that to a taunt right like like like come fight hand-to-hand come to me be a man type taunt and Malcolm Gladwell's like what if in reality he's saying come to me like literally because I can't see this person like come fight on my terms

because I can't see, I'm nearsighted. The whole concept is when you look at Malcolm Gladwell's reframing of the story, who was the actual underdog in the fight? The actual underdog in this entire story was actually Goliath. I mean, if I said to you, I'm gonna give David a handgun and Goliath's gonna start from 100 feet away, who's gonna win the fight? You'd go, oh, David's gonna win the fight, he's got a gun. Well, that is literally what he had.

and when we reframe the story we're like okay David actually should have won Goliath was the underdog in this story that's not the way that we understand it but what is beautiful in illustrating is the idea of battlefields David chose his battlefield he chose to fight on the battlefield where he was most comfortable where he had the greatest advantage possible where he literally had a handgun and the other guy had a spear and he couldn't see had David fought Goliath's battle had he fought on that close

and a hand field, he most certainly would have lost and in a dramatic fashion. It's no different than in business, right? If you're just starting out, so let's say you're just starting out, you have a small team, maybe it's just you, your network is small, again, your business is new, and you're comparing yourself to a Lina Girsa, and I'm not saying this to like boast, I'm just saying you're comparing this to any studio that has 15 plus years in business, that has a large team, that has a large.

network were established, it looks daunting. You're like, man, how am I ever gonna compete? But from the other side, I'm like, oh my gosh, there are so many ways you can compete and do things better than us, right out the gate. And all this is to say, I don't want you to fight fair. I want you, I mean, I want you to fight morally and ethically, like I don't want you to break laws, but I don't want you to fight fair. I want you to change the playing field to suit your strengths and.

to avoid your weaknesses. If this is Dave and Goliath, the weakness is I'm not gonna do hand-to-hand combat. I'm gonna stay at a distance, right? So what does this mean from a, this is the theory of this, but what does this mean in practicality, right? Well, the strengths of a new or smaller studio. These are a few of the common ones that I feel like just are very powerful and make it easy to stand out. Number one, you can create a very personalized brand experience. See, with Lina Gersa, even if I wanted to.

do this, which I have at various times, I can't create that because we run an associate brand. So I can't really get hyper personalized with our experience because I'm not the one shooting. And also my partners aren't really the one shooting our associates are. And if I get hyper personalized with the associates, then what happens if the associates actually leave? If I build all this brand around, you know, five, six different associates that are killing it, what happens when there's turnover? So I don't have that ability. Like we don't have that ability to play on that, on that.

You can also offer a better level of client service because you can give one-on-one attention to people. You're not dealing with hundreds of clients. You don't have a client service person where we have to, the photographers don't interface with our clients because there's too many. So we have a client servicing team, right? You can give one-on-one attention. You can do faster service and delivery times. We are getting pretty good at this, but our delivery time is getting solid. But in general, moving our ship requires a lot of time because it's a big ship to steer.

Blogging and social media consistency. Do you know how difficult it is for us to get consistent things posted without putting it into the hands of the partner? It's so challenging on that side. Direct relationship with the venues and vendors. Again, because we're not the one shooting, it's difficult to actually create direct relationships with all these vendors and venues. It's a challenging thing. You can create quick teasers and turnarounds for your partners, you can offer at a more affordable price point, and honestly, this is the last thing I would compete with. All these other things are such fantastic.

strengths that you can bring forward in your business. And by the way, in a world where everything is moving towards AI, in a world where everything is unpersonalized, where everything is automated, everything is do it on, you know, with this tool, with a robot, isn't a personalized brand experience, a human level of client service, one-to-one gonna stand out more and more? Absolutely. This is the thing that literally will not be replaced. We're always gonna want to connect with another human. These are such.

easy ways to stand out in your business. And then as weaknesses, well, newer, smaller studios, these are a few of the common weaknesses that I notice in studios that, man, if they just address these things, it would be game over, right? But number one, I often notice that a newer studio, smaller ones, they generally, the quality of imagery could be improved. But that's kind of, that goes across the board. But often I notice they're trying to do too much. This is why I'm having you niche down. You're not gonna make this mistake. So every one of the things that you address here.

You immediately start reducing the people on your competitive battleground, like your battlefield, right? We start with, okay, I'm a photographer, now I'm competing with 100,000 people. Now I'm a wedding photographer, I'm competing with 10,000 people. Now I'm a wedding photographer based out of Orange County, I'm competing with 200 people. Each step that we narrow down, we compete with less and less until there's only a few. So look, once we've gotten great quality of imagery, we move from 10,000 competitors to.

to maybe 1,000. Once we niche down, we move from 1,000, and these are just ideas, okay? We move from 1,000 to 100. Once we, so the attention is two divided, we know who we're talking to, we're communicating, that's the same idea of niching down, right? We know our target audience, we're speaking to them on a very personal level. Now we go from 100 to there's only 50 people doing that. Now our website design is clear, it's beautiful, it resonates, our messaging is dialed in. Now we go from 50 down to 20. Now we address our slow response time, we get back to people.

quickly we go from 20 we did this test recently where we tried to see like the people in our space that are at our level we Chris called 10 other studios and and basically pretended to be a client just so we can get information on like are people actually people who run established businesses are they following good sales practices out of I think it was 10 maybe 20 I can't remember the exact number but nobody called him back we have a five minute rule that you're going to learn about when we get to sales nobody called Chris back within five minutes

Nobody called him back within 24 hours, which is like a nightmare. Very few people sent a thank you email to him. Like after he inquired only two or three, it was like 20% or 30% got back to him within a week and it was via email. Not a single person called. This is crazy. So like you're competing with 20, as soon as you address your sales process. Now it's like, okay, now you've got two that's in your competitive field. Then you start personalizing your brand, your communication. Now you're.