It's time for step one. We are jumping in to lay your foundation. Basically everything we're going to be doing right now and moving on through is to help make the process of implementation that much easier, okay, to make it that much quicker as well. So let's get right into this and the first thing I'm going to say is the topics and pain points we're really discussing in terms of step one is this. Why should I focus in on a specific niche? We get that question a lot.

I really wanna drill this home, like the importance of niching. We also have a fear attached to that. Like, can I make enough money if I niche down? Yes, you can, but I'm gonna address that as well. We're gonna go deep into how to pick a niche that fits you. I'm gonna give you both a niche finder tool as well as a coaching AI to help you with that. Also, I'm kind of shifting things around a little bit. If you're familiar with the first version of this program, step two is where we actually did the competitor research and kind of how do I stand out? How do I execute?

implement quickly, how do I do all these things? Well, that's kind of an overall thing. But step two was where we did a lot of the market research. I'm actually shifting that forward and pushing some of the other things in step one actually to step two, because I think it's easier to come up with ideas and to know what, like say for example, your clarified message, what is your vision? Where are we going with this brand? I think it's easier to define those things after we do a bit of market research. So we're gonna hit all those foundational pieces right here. I'm gonna give you a heads up.

And I'm gonna say this in basically every single lesson because I want you to have this in your heads drilled in okay For me personally, I've been an educator for a long time and what I've learned 10 years ago I'm not gonna explain this by the way every single time. I'm only gonna explain this in the first step 10 years ago The educational space was filled with coaches with educators that were saying things like you're gonna get 30 hours 40 hours 50 hours Of content of material and what I quickly realized over that

time was that that's ineffective. Gone are the days where like it's a useful thing to have a lot of information and have tons of hours to go through because we don't ever complete those things right. Right now I personally believe that in order for education to be effective it has to be simple and easy to understand. It has to be something that I can I can quickly gain so that I can basically go through the process of implementation. That's the only way that it works. So this is going to be fast-paced remember

that you can pause, implement, and repeat that process as much as you'd like. And because this is step one, I'm also gonna say this. If you've been through this program before, if this is your second time around, or even third time, it's a beautiful thing. Your understanding right now, what you're really learning is the language of business. And that understanding, your ability to speak the language of business, is gonna improve over time. So if you're doing this for the first time, fantastic. But if you've completed it, come back and do another review.

As your ability to understand the business, the language of business, as that improves, your next time through this, you're gonna see nuances and details that you didn't see the first time, okay? So treat this like a library that you revisit. And again, remember, pause, implement, and repeat, all right? Between sessions, also remember that the mentorship group is there for you to ask questions. You can ask of me, you can ask of our team. I do have some people in there right now that are group experts, and we also have our own team in there as well. You can seek advice from peers.

get feedback, you can link out to them and try to do role plays, all of that, network, amazing. I also want you to share your wins and aha moments. I'm not gonna tell you why here, because that's redundant, but there is a purpose to that as well. With that said, let's go ahead and dive into step one. Okay, let's work smarter, not harder. That's kind of the entire concept that we're getting into, which basically means I wanna limit the amount of rework.

that you do, you've got a long road ahead of you as a business owner, as an entrepreneur, this is a marathon, okay? I don't want you, this is gonna happen from time to time that you do have to do rework and refinement, but I wanna minimize that as much as possible, which means if you haven't already chosen a business name, if you haven't selected a website URL, if you haven't created your logo, your website, selected design, put together your portfolio, if you haven't started marketing, what I'm gonna say is wait, wait for all of this.

In step five, that's essentially where we're gonna go before we start implementing all the foundation that you're laying right now. So I'm gonna suggest that essentially you wait to that point so that way we limit the amount of rework that you're doing, okay? If you have, if you already have a business, maybe it's already a successful business and you're looking to kind of level up, right? I still don't want you to change anything right now. What I wanna do is work on one thing at a time. And the beautiful thing about business, one of my favorite ideas.

is that, I think I heard this from Alex Ramosi, I don't know who originally said this, but it's such a beautiful idea. At any one point in time, there's only one major constraint on your business, okay? One major thing that I need to work on to move the needle. We simply need to identify what that is and work on that thing. So I don't want you to start diving in and to start changing things. If you already have an established business, what I wanna do is refine one thing at a time, and you're gonna do it in the same step-by-step manner that the program is designed.

Okay, it's literally made for you to be able to pinpoint what might be the likely issue, what might be that lowest hanging fruit that I need to address. Either way, let's build the foundation first. And the idea here is working on your website, your branding, or even your marketing efforts, pushing and trying to get more views, it's very likely, and I mean like 99% likely, okay, to be ineffective and ultimately lead to a lot more work and potential rework. So I'm going to...

Mind you, remember we're here with this idea. The first few steps is this idea that Abraham Lincoln said that I mentioned back in the intro module that if I had six hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend the first four sharpening my ax. I always want you to think this way, okay? Okay. If you are coming from the Blueprint series or if you saw the Blueprint series, you might have noticed that it followed this structure. And that's because the Blueprint series was basically a condensed version of 10K2.

It was kind of like the crash course. This is the format that you saw in the intro module for 10K2K and the steps, the parts that are kind of laid out for you, they fall into this. First, part one, we're building a luxury photography brand. That's where we are right now, right? Then in part two, by the way, part one is steps one through five. Part two is steps six through 11. So in part two, now it's let's start marketing. Let's start creating a qualified lead generation pipeline, consistently getting more leads, right?

Then in steps 12 through 16, we go, okay, now that we have leads coming in, we go to part three, let's become a sales and closing wizard. If I boiled down the why it's this, remember like there's at any one point in time, we have one major constraint, right now we can go granular with this, or we can go high level with what those constraints are. These are those constraints at a high level. Okay. The idea of, well, why am I struggling to consistently attract

quality leads that become high-paying clients, okay? So the idea of attracting the right people to our business, that's step one. That's why we're building a luxury brand, a brand that speaks to the right audience because what most of us encounter in this first phase of running the business is I might get some views, maybe even some people reach out, but they tend to be people that are, they're budget hunters, they're looking for discounts, or maybe they're just looking for a type of service that I don't really want to offer, but for some reason they're.

asking if I do this and they're not the right fit for me. So it's attracting the right people to our business. That's our first layer of this foundation and at a high level, this is the first major constraint that we run into. Then the second one is once we've built that, once we have a brand that is reputable and once we have a brand that has recognition, it demands respect, then we run into well, how do I generate more leads? And then once we're generating more leads, how do I convert them all? These are those high level.

constraints that we're essentially looking at, and we can go deeper into each one, but our first four, our first five steps is addressing the first one. We are here to build a business that attracts quality leads, that attracts the right clients, your dream clients. And I'm going to say 90% of us struggle with this. And when I say 90%, I am being very kind. I'm being very conservative in that number, because the reality is that this is really the vast majority of us.

of us are gonna be struggling with this. 90% of us, and this is the reason, by the way, why we are struggling, 90% of us, the way that we approach photography, we decide to go pro. We immediately basically rush to put up a website and portfolio, we start marketing our services, whether that's through Instagram, whether it's through Facebook, maybe it's paid ads, all of it, right? We immediately kind of throw all this stuff up, we get a few great images in there, we put it together, a website design that we think is good, and then we just start marketing the services. We run.