that's a strength for you, right? If you notice where they're weak, that's your strength. If you find their strengths, that's likely your weakness. So if you're identifying like, oh man, these are good on that side, then most likely what you're identifying is this is an area of myself that I could improve, okay? This is also a space where you could potentially identify collaborative partnerships. And this is more for the future, but since we're here kind of doing the research, it's an option that we can like add onto the process, okay? So let's get into doing.

this work here. Side note, make sure that you guys download the workbooks. The workbooks are always gonna be attached to the step that you're in. So let's get into this workbook and do the direct competitor worksheet, okay? So the first step is using an online search. You can perform a search for your niche and your location just to get an idea of who's in this space. And I'm gonna give you kind of a couple ways of doing this. This is the first one. So just an online search is the first one. The next step, and we'll do this together by the way, the next step is.

up to five direct competitors in your area, and I want you to only add them to your list if they serve the same need, if they offer a similar style, and if they match or exceed your quality. And look, if you find that they don't match or exceed your quality, like you haven't found a single one, add them to your list anyway. Take the best ones and add them, okay? Even if they're not quite up to par. Sometimes people are like, I didn't find anyone that does exactly what I do and can match my quality. Okay, that's a competitive advantage for you, but let's still complete the exercise, all right?

And then what we're gonna do is actually rate your direct competitors. So from one to five, one being the lowest and five being the highest, I want you to rate them in each of the categories. So their brand identity, their website user experience, voice and humanity, and by the way, let me show you how to do this. So let's go and just do the online research. And you could, if you wanted to, use AI for this step. I was actually confusing one of the other steps. This step I mostly have as a manual process, which is because sometimes AI doesn't give you.

the latest kind of information results. So sometimes the information is a little bit delayed. Okay, so what I'm gonna do is just go to Google and let's just do a basic search and we could just use the regular search bar, but it might be high for you guys. Okay, so let's type in Boudoir Photography, Salt Lake City, okay? Now, from here, we're gonna get a giant list and what we wanna do is basically start clicking through. We get suggested options, which I think there's.

sponsored results, and then there's standard results. It looks like here there's no sponsored results actually. So let's just click through some of these. Okay. And we're gonna start looking at brands and kind of going, okay, does this, like, is this a direct competitor? Is their style pretty similar? Like, are they going for what I'm going for? Is my style kind of like this dark, dramatic look? And you'll find that some of them have that look, some of them don't. Some are like more light, they're more airy.

Maybe they focus on on different aspects. This looks like Let's see. Salt Lake's number one is confident sexy empowering Okay, when you feel like you found someone that's a competitor then I want you to add them to the list And what are we gonna do? We're gonna go back to the brand and strategy workbook Okay Now this guide tells you we're working in brand strategy workbook tab 3 under environment and direct competitors This is one of the places where I've added quite a bit to this this tab So if you are using like an older workbook you want to

copy this in, what you can always do is go to the bottom and this is the template document, by the way. You guys are always linked to the template document and I won't share access to this. So you guys save this template document as I've instructed in the intro module. So when we make updates to it, you can go to back to the template, click at the bottom and you go copy to and then an existing spreadsheet. And this will allow you to copy this page to an existing spreadsheet and then you can like update the information in yours, okay? Select your workbook from there. Okay, so from here.

I feel like I found a competitor. I'm going to put in their name. I'm going to put in the website, the social handle. I'm going to put in a starting price and I'm going to start giving ratings for each of these areas. Any low scores are potential weaknesses that you can like capitalize on. The last thing I want you to do is tell me what their target audience appears to be. So who they're communicating to. So let's go back to this for just a second on this rating. When it comes to brand identity, what I'm talking about is like their logos, their color, the spacing on the website, the typography. Does it feel tight and refined?

or does it feel loose like a commodity that's just kind of messy and all over the place? So I want you to give a rating on that, five being the highest, okay? Then it's website and user experience. How easy is it to navigate? You know, how easy is it to find the things that you're looking for to reach out to them, to contact them, okay? Then it's, well, is their voice and humanity in the website? Like, do they connect with their audience on a meaningful level or do they speak to their audience like on some generic level? Well, here at our studio, we pride ourselves on.

this, or do you actually get to meet the people there? Do they actually talk to you like a human? Then I want you to rate the quality of their imagery and consistency of their style. Okay. This is, this is kind of like one of the big criteria of like, if they're even on a level playing field, if there's huge discrepancies between the quality of their work and yours, they're again, not competing with you. But if that's the best you got, then, then still let's keep them in there. Um, at least so you have an understanding of like what you're, you're kind of.

the environment you're working in. Then SEO content strategy. Do they appear to be having an SEO strategy along with useful valuable content? So like if you're kind of looking at these and like you notice, like look, they've got what to expect, the experience, studio galleries, they've got portfolio, they've got a blog, okay. Utah's premier boudoir studio. It looks like they are considering, like everyone wonder what happens behind it at Utah's top boudoir studio. So it looks like they are writing with SEO in consideration, right? If you look at their.

blog, let's see essential tips. Yeah. There's tips for preparing for a memorable shoot together. Now here's where you also start noticing like, okay, they have very much like a more, um, like they, they showcase images. Like there's couples Boudoir in here, which is kind of a next level thing. They have like BDSM type stuff. You start noticing that they're going deeper. Maybe I want to offer something that's a little bit different. It's not so, so like, like maybe it's a little bit more, uh, I don't know what the right word would be. Um, a little lighter, a little softer.

but you start noticing differences there. So we rate them from an SEO standpoint. Are they doing these things? Yes, they are, okay. What is the quality of their experience? So let's put it all together. How would you rate the overall quality of the website and the experience? For the first few, like that first one was actually pretty strong, right? Like this was really good, like an easy to use. I'd say the menu might be a little bit busy, but it looks like clear call to action. It's pretty decent overall. But look, once we get to like number three, then I'm like, okay, this is, this is.

of busy right now it's like okay I'm not a huge fan of the logo this image that's like the video that's over the images now we start to get to like messy and we're only three clicks in by the way so what's funny is you start to recognize that if I differentiate myself if I niche down if I build a brand experience if I build my humanity into this then you start really separating yourself from the pack because already we've identified that we're only three clicks in on on the top people in google

and already we can start seeing a lot of opportunity there where once we've done these things, now we've narrowed our competition from hundreds of people down to maybe a few who can actually do this at our level. We start becoming a business of one as opposed to a business of many. The last thing I want you to do is after looking at their branding, their imagery and their copy, I want you to try to describe their target audience. Who are they trying to speak to? And I want you to use your own words in this process and you're just gonna fill it in here. It doesn't need to be long, but just.

thing to give you an idea because what you're going to start noticing is patterns. So we're going to start seeing holes. The holes or weaknesses are places where we can compete. Those are the low scores here. The patterns are like, well, who are they targeting? Like are they all speaking to the same person? It's going to give us an idea of, well, how are they speaking to that person? Like what are they saying? And we're going to start noticing things that we can bring into our copy, into our experience and not steal. We don't want to like take what they're doing and plagiarize. What we want to do is make it our own. We want to take what they're doing and say, I like what they say.