And what I'm saying is basically, even if you start generating views, you'll struggle to convert those views into actual leads. And then you'll struggle even more turning those leads into price respecting clients because they weren't the right leads to begin with. So this is that place where we get stuck. This is that high level constraint. The biggest issue that we have when it can be realistically, it can be when we first start our business. Obviously, most of us run into this right at that point. Or we've already.

already established a business and we're already working, we're putting in this grinding effort and it's going, we are successful, we're getting it moving, but it's not efficient and it's not effective because we never properly created that brand that's worth respecting. Now I wanna give you concrete examples of this and if you're wondering why we're going in depth here, I wanna go in depth into this lesson and into this entire step because I need you to understand the importance of what this foundation is. I'm gonna ask you to do quite a bit of work

steps one through step five. I mean, really it's steps one through four where we're literally just putting in the time, the effort, and then step five we start implementing. I need you to have a concrete understanding of why I'm asking you to put that foundation in place from steps one through four. Otherwise you might feel like, well, I should just skip to step five and that's what I don't want you to do, okay? So let's step outside of the photography world for one second. Let's go to some of my consulting work. So I do quite a bit of consulting work on the side.

And I charge a lot of money for this. Okay. My, my one-on-one consulting. This is something that starts at like $10,000 per client for a standard commission, uh, for a one-on-one coaching plan, right? The, the people coming into it, the funny thing is that I'm literally saying and helping them implement the exact same steps that you're going to find inside this program. Only these are businesses in other spaces. It's physical therapy. It's it's finance. It's in this case, um, they are basically selling.

type of financial product for people that want to retire or build their retirement, right? I blurred out the logos, I blurred out anything that could, I wanna leave them anonymous essentially. But this was their website. If I showed you their social media and their logos and all of the other stuff, it's dramatically worse than this. But this already is not good. I mean, we land here, we go, what's wealth building without protection, okay? So what do you sell? Do you sell insurance? What kind of protection?

Then you leverage the bank to finance your home, why not leverage the bank to finance your retirement introducing Kaizen? What the hell does that mean? I don't know what this means. What is Kaizen? You're telling me Kaizen is something like, like I should know what that name is, you even put it down here. And then there's this weird graph and then we have experience in financial security, powerful team of professionals about us. Then they literally say the exact same thing that every, we founded with a mission to serve and protect families, to put clients needs first and follow the golden rule to treat others. I mean, this is literally.

what I would just expect of anybody that's holding my money. Oh, a video is broken, so that link doesn't even work. This is a really bad brand experience, okay? Inside of that financial space. And to give you a comparison, if I looked at one of their competitors, and granted, this is a large competitor. If I look at Capital Group, the reason why they popped into my head is because I have friends that work locally at Capital Group. But this is a very large company that has.

has everything dialed. And I'm not saying you have to have things dialed to this extent, but look how simple this is. This is their investor page, right? Need help with your account? They know that that's the first thing people are looking for, so go to services and support right here. Then they say, okay, well, your goals are what matters. So here's what we offer. Here's how to get started. Wherever you're at in life, we're there with you. So here's what we can do with savings for college and finances after 40. They've identified their clients and they have a place to go for each one of them. It's well-designed, beautiful spacing, simple typography, easy.

The user experience is fantastic. And you might be wondering like, and by the way, you don't need tens of thousands of dollars or millions of dollars, this is a billion dollar business. You don't need to be a billion dollar business or anything even close to that to get to something like this. Literally, you can grab templates for a couple hundred bucks which, but that's down the road, okay? So it's very affordable to get to something that looks this established. I want you to understand why though, why this is so important. My client that had this brand.

They had a video that they posted, they were posting hundreds of videos onto Instagram and they just happened to have one of these videos that went massively viral, okay? So right time, right place, this video gets 10 million views. They converted 10 million views into 1,000 leads, okay? And of those 1,000 leads, they were able to build a six-figure business pretty much just within a very short period of time, like within a six-month period as they were publishing these videos, right?

And you might think that's incredible, but they reached out to me and they're like, Pi, we're ready to bring you on to consult. And it was a little, I mean, I'm still working with them, but I was like, this is late. I wish you brought me on earlier. No matter, we're gonna fix this, but we're late. And the reason why is, a brand that's established, if we had a presence from social media over to the website, that was more refined, where we know our audience, we know what we're selling, we know what we're delivering, we can communicate in a way that.

that resonates, make the process very simple and easy, kind of like what you see here, right? Then you should be able to convert around 1% of your views into actual leads, okay? For context, they generated 10 million. They got 1,000 leads. That would have been 10 million views to generate 100,000 leads. That would have been 1% of 10.

million is 100,000. The difference in doing this before putting all their time and their effort into marketing was 100 times the number of leads. Okay. If they had done this before, it would have been game over. They would have had such a large network at that point. So many people waiting to work with them and so many referrals to potentially come to them that marketing wouldn't have been an issue, but because they reversed the process.

threw up some crappy brand, some crappy offering that nobody can even understand and then just started making videos. Because they reversed the process, they got 1,000 leads. And while that sounds great, the trade-off was $500,000 compared to 100 times that, which is not $5 million, but rather $50 million. That's the idea that we're talking about. The reason I wanna drive this home, and we're stepping outside the world of photography for a moment, let's bring it back, but I want you to understand that.

With that leaky bucket syndrome, it doesn't mean that you can't be successful. What it means is that it requires 10 to 100 times the effort to generate the exact same amount of money, okay? That's the issue that we have. That's why I'm saying let's slow down because what we tend to think in that place, when we put up the brand, we start trying to market and we're not getting the kind of people that we want, we tend to go to these scarcity mindset, these self-limiting beliefs, like the market is just too saturated.

We think that clients don't value good photography. We think that they don't respect my prices or as soon as I send my prices, they ghost me. We think I can't compete with cheap photographers and there's so many of those. We think if I niche down, I'm gonna lose clients or if I raise prices, I'm gonna lose clients. All of these things are completely untrue or they might have small truths to them, but yeah, the market is saturated. Every market is saturated, but.

That doesn't mean you can't do business in that market and it doesn't mean you can't stand out, right? Clients don't value good photography, some don't, a lot do. So each one of these has some grain of truth to it, but we cling to it as if it's the reason why we're struggling and it's not, okay? All of this stems to the idea, the truth bomb, that most of us, we failed to build a luxury brand and then we wonder why we're not getting high quality leads and high paying clients. Okay.

Now, I want to kind of get this concept home early as well, that we need to look at what you're offering as a photography, as a service, as a luxury. I don't care how you design your brand. A luxury brand can look a number of different ways. It can look adventurous, it can look bold, it can look classy, it can look sophisticated, it can look minimalistic. Those are just the way that it looks. But your brand has to be a luxury brand. And the reason why is because the consumer side of it.

of our business has already been eaten up by the phone. The phone does pretty much everything that a person would want. It's good enough. It replaces the reason to go to those crappy, remember like the Kmart and JCPenney portrait studios, the places where you'd go and spend a couple hundred bucks and get the same type of photos that everybody gets. The phone kind of replaced that because now everybody has a decent enough camera and it might not be a Kmart portrait, but it's real and it's an image that I'd capture of my kids or of people that I like and whatever it might be and it's good.