versus commodity framing. So, let's bring this into the photography world, and I'm gonna first give you kind of a ridiculous example. This is my daughter. This is an image that I took of my daughter, and I grabbed one of the worst websites I could possibly find. I like literally typed in, show me like the worst website designs, and it gave me this Pacific Northwest X-ray ink. So, I dropped the image in this website just as a point. I know none of you are designing websites like this, but I want you to see how cheap the image looks just from dropping it in here, versus I went on to.

a crappy template site, and I found the most basic photography template, and I simply put it on there. So they already had this little shoe shot, and I just left everything exactly the same, okay? But look at the difference in perceived value between this experience versus this one. And you might be going like, Pi, I know, none of us are gonna go and create this, right? We get that. But I want you to see it for real as well. So this is an exaggerated example to get this idea across.

Now I wanna show you an alumni example. So this is Stephanie, okay? She has a boudoir business and to be completely honest and fair, her existing website is still better than the majority of photographers that go into business. Okay, this is dramatically better as far as a brand experience than the majority of us when we first start. That being said, we did a little website audit and I said, I feel like we can elevate this even further. And so what I did in this audit was.

I just took her exact same imagery, the exact same everything, and I basically made an experience that was more refined. Okay, and it's this. So now it's unveiled, it's the same everything. I went and just grabbed her images and dropped it over a template that I found and did this all in Canva, right? And I put her image right here. There is a huge difference and there's thought behind it. Some of the thoughts that I had was like, well, Stephanie, and by the way, we're here because we're an.

all kind of genres of clients serving photography, right? I'm gonna give you examples across all different realms, but I wanna give you this one because we'll have a lot of wedding examples. I wanna do something that's non-wedding related first. But look, I asked Stephanie, I'm sure a lot of your clients would come in and they want something that's sensual, but do you agree that maybe boudoir clients are at different levels? Like you've got level one where it's like, I want something sensual, but it's also like kind of classy and not too in your face. And you got level two, like I wanna go a little bit further,

level three, which is like, let's get naked, right? Granted, you're not gonna ever say those words, but this is just us. Okay, so this is like for the client that's like ready to go, let's just get naked, right? And I'm like, well, if this is the landing page of our website, maybe we show an image that speaks to all three of these clients. They want something sensual. They can see themselves in that picture because for this photograph, I think only a certain number of people might see themselves in that image. So that's when I went to a portfolio and I found this one. And I'm like every single.

one of your clients, every woman can see themselves in this picture. If they want boudoir, this is gonna be something that they're all gonna want. We brought a clarified message, we brought it right up front, made it simple, had a bold call to action, let's chat, and then we said and introduced herself right there. Everything else about this is just simply making it more clean and more refined of a design. Choosing an image that fits the quality of work that she's creating to represent herself, telling her.

story, reducing the number of logos and all these things that like maybe they have some relevance we share them down below but they don't need to be right there up top and cleaning up the typography. This is framing. So what I want you to keep in mind is that Stephanie's work didn't change at all. I didn't go and create new images. I didn't go and we didn't even do a new picture. I literally found this picture. It was either on our website or on Facebook and I was like oh that'd be a better picture that's more fitting that would speak to those clients, like speak to every one of those clients.

So that's it. It's the same images, it's the same work, it's the same everything, but reframed. And the question would be, well, which brand has higher perceived value? I'm sharing this with you right now, not with the intention that you're gonna get started yet, because I'm not giving you the steps to get started yet. So don't go jumping into this yet. What I want you to understand is where we're going with these first four steps. We're gonna start the implementation at step five, but this is where we're going. We're here.

to build a luxury brand experience that converts views into leads, that demands price respect, and it helps you stand out by showcasing you. All right. If you have any questions on this, jump into the Facebook group. Um, love to hear you there, but that's it for this lesson. Let's jump to the next one.