Okay, let's work smarter, not harder. That's kind of the entire concept that we're getting into, which basically means I wanna limit the amount of rework that you do. You've got a long road ahead of you as a business owner, as an entrepreneur, this is a marathon, okay? I don't want you, this is gonna happen from time to time that you do have to do rework and refinement, but I wanna minimize that as much as possible, which means if you haven't already chosen a business name, if you haven't selected a website,

URL, if you haven't created your logo, your website, selected design, put together your portfolio, if you haven't started marketing, what I'm gonna say is wait, wait for all of this. In step five, that's essentially where we're gonna go before we start implementing all the foundation that you're laying right now. So I'm gonna suggest that essentially you wait to that point so that way we limit the amount of rework that you're doing, okay? If you have, if you already have a business, maybe it's already a successful business and you're looking to kind of level up.

up, right? I still don't want you to change anything right now. What I want to do is work on one thing at a time. And the beautiful thing about business, one of my favorite ideas is that I think I heard this from Alex or Mosey. I don't know who originally said this, but it's such a beautiful idea. At any one point in time, there's only one major constraint on your business. Okay? One major thing that I need to work on to move the needle. We simply need to identify what that is and work on that thing. So.

I don't want you to start diving in and just start changing things. If you already have an established business, what I want to do is refine one thing at a time and you're going to do it in the same step-by-step manner that the program is designed. Okay? It's literally made for you to be able to pinpoint what might be the likely issue, what might be that lowest hanging fruit that I need to address. Either way, let's build the foundation first. And the idea here is working on your website, your branding or even your marketing efforts, pushing and trying to get more views. It's.

Very likely, and I mean like 99% likely, okay, to be ineffective and ultimately lead to a lot more work and potential rework. So I'm going to remind you, remember we're here with this idea. The first few steps is this idea that Abraham Lincoln said that I mentioned back in the intro module, that if I had six hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend the first four sharpening my ax. I always want you to think this way, okay? Okay.

If you are coming from the Blueprint series or if you saw the Blueprint series, you might have noticed that it followed this structure. And that's because the Blueprint series was basically a condensed version of 10K, 2K. It was kind of like the crash course. This is the format that you saw in the intro module for 10K, 2K. And the steps, the parts that are kind of laid out for you, they fall into this. First, part one, we're building a luxury photography brand. That's where we are right now, right? Then in part two, by the way, part one is steps one.

through five, part two is steps six through 11. So in part two, now it's let's start marketing. Let's start creating a qualified lead generation pipeline, consistently getting more leads, right? Then in steps 12 through 16, we go, okay, now that we have leads coming in, we go to part three, let's become a sales and closing wizard. If I boiled down the why, it's this. Remember, like there's, at any one point in time, we have one major constraint, right? Now, we can go granular.

with this or we can go high level with what those constraints are. These are those constraints at a high level, okay? The idea of, well, why am I struggling to consistently attract quality leads that become high-paying clients, okay? So the idea of attracting the right people to our business, that's step one. That's why we're building a luxury brand, a brand that speaks to the right audience because what most of us encounter in this first phase of running the business is I might get some views, maybe.

even some people reach out, but they tend to be people that are, they're budget hunters, they're looking for discounts, or maybe they're just looking for a type of service that I don't really want to offer, but for some reason they're asking if I do this and they're not the right fit for me, right? So it's attracting the right people to our business. That's our first layer of this foundation. And at a high level, this is the first major constraint that we run into, right? Then the second one is once we've built that, once we have a brand that is reputable.

And once we have a brand that has recognition, it demands respect, then we run it, well, how do I generate more leads? And then once we're generating more leads, how do I convert them all, right? These are those high level constraints that we're essentially looking at. And we can go deeper into each one, but our first four, our first five steps is addressing the first one. We are here to build a business that attracts quality leads, that attracts the right clients, your dream clients. And I'm gonna say.

I would say 90% of us struggle with this. And when I say 90%, I am being very kind. I'm being very conservative in that number because the reality is that this is really the vast majority of us are gonna be struggling with this. 90% of us, and this is the reason, by the way, why we are struggling, 90% of us, the way that we approach photography, we decide to go pro. We immediately basically rush to put up a website and portfolio. We start marketing our services, whether that's through Instagram, whether it's through Facebook, maybe it's paid ads.

all of it right we immediately kind of throw all this stuff up we get a few great images in there we put it together a website design that we think is good and then we just start marketing the services we run into this issue called leaky bucket syndrome i call it leaky bucket syndrome this is not a technical term but it's the idea that basically marketing without a properly established brand is a lot like trying to capture water with a bucket that has a giant hole in the bottom so your water goes right in the top and it goes straight out the bottom right and you're

question might be this sounds like theory pie and I'm like no this is not theory this is this is actually what happens in reality so you might be wondering well like how where does this happen and what I'm saying is basically even if you start generating views you'll struggle to convert those views into actual leads and then you'll struggle even more turning those leads into price respecting clients because they weren't the right leads to begin with so this is that place where we get stuck the the this is that high level

constraint the biggest issue that we have when it can be realistically it can be when we first start our business obviously most of us run into this right at that point or we've already established a business and we're already working we're putting in this grinding effort and it's going we are successful we're getting it moving but it's not efficient and it's not effective because we never properly created that brand that's worth respecting now I want to give you concrete examples of this and if you're wondering why we're going in depth here

I want to go in depth into this lesson and in this entire step because I need you to understand the importance of What this foundation is I'm gonna ask you to do quite a bit of work over steps 1 through step 5 I mean really it's steps 1 through 4 where we're literally just putting in the time the effort and then step 5 we start implementing I need you to have a concrete understanding of why I'm asking you to put that foundation in place from steps 1 through 4 Otherwise you might feel like well, I should just skip to step 5 and that's what I don't want you to do Okay

So, let's step outside of the photography world for one second. Let's go to some of my consulting work. So I do quite a bit of consulting work on the side and I charge a lot of money for this, okay? My one-on-one consulting, this is something that starts at like $10,000 per client for a standard commission for a one-on-one coaching plan, right? The people coming into it, the funny thing is that I'm literally saying and helping them implement the exact same.

steps that you're going to find inside this program. Only these are businesses in other spaces. It's physical therapy. It's finance. It's in this case, they are basically selling a type of financial product for people that want to retire or build their retirement, right? I blurred out the logos. I blurred out anything that could. I want to leave them anonymous essentially. But this was their website. If I showed you their social media and their logos and all of the other stuff, it's...

it's dramatically worse than this but this already is not good i mean we land here we go what's wealth building without protection okay so what do you sell do you sell insurance what kind of protection then you leverage the bank to finance your home why not leverage the bank to finance your retirement introducing kaizen what the hell does that mean i don't know what this means what is kaizen you're you're telling me kaizen something like like i should know what that name is you even put it down here and then there's this weird graph and and then we have experience in financial security powerful

financial team of professionals about us then they literally say the exact same thing that every we founded with the mission to serve and protect families to put clients needs first and follow the golden rule to treat others i mean this is literally what i would just expect of anybody that's holding my money oh a video is broken so that link doesn't even work this is a really bad brand experience okay inside of that that financial space and to give you a comparison if i looked at one of their competitors and granted this is a