large competitor. If I look at Capital Group, the reason why they popped into my head is because I have friends that work locally at Capital Group. But this is a very large company that has everything dialed. And I'm not saying you have to have things dialed to this extent. But look how simple this is. This is their investor page, right? Need help with your account? They know that that's the first thing people are looking for. So go to service and support right here. Then they say, okay, well, your goals are what matter. So here's what we offer. Here's how to get started. Wherever you're at in life, we're there with you. So here's how, what we can do with.

for college and finances after 40. They've identified their clients and they have a place to go for each one of them. It's well designed, beautiful spacing, simple typography, easy, the user experience is fantastic. Now you might be wondering like and by the way you don't need tens of thousands of dollars or millions of dollars, this is a billion dollar business, you don't need to be a billion dollar business or anything even close to that to get to something like this. Literally you can grab templates for a couple hundred bucks which but that's down the road, okay. So

It's very affordable to get to something that looks this established. I want you to understand why though, why this is so important. My client that had this brand, they had a video that they posted. They were posting hundreds of videos onto Instagram, and they just happened to have one of these videos that went massively viral, okay? So right time, right place, this video gets 10 million views. They converted 10 million views into 1,000 leads.

And of those 1,000 leads, they were able to build a six-figure business pretty much just within a very short period of time, like within a six-month period as they were publishing these videos, right? And you might think, that's incredible. But they reached out to me and they were like, Pi, we're ready to bring you on to consult. And it was a little, I mean, I'm still working with them. But I was like, this is late. I wish you brought me on earlier. No matter, we're gonna fix this, but we're late. And the reason why is, a brand that's established, if we.

had a presence from social media over to the website that was more refined, where we know our audience, we know what we're selling, we know what we're delivering, we can communicate in a way that resonates, make the process very simple and easy, kind of like what you see here, right? Then you should be able to convert around 1% of your views into actual leads, okay? For context, they generated 10 million. They got...

got 1,000 leads. That would have been 10 million views to generate 100,000 leads. That would have been 1% of 10 million is 100,000. The difference in doing this before putting all their time and their effort into marketing was 100 times the number of leads, okay? If they had done this before, it would have been game over. They would have had such a large.

network at that point, so many people waiting to work with them and so many referrals to potentially come to them that marketing wouldn't have been an issue, but because they reversed the process, threw up some crappy brand, some crappy offering that nobody can even understand, and then just started making videos because they reversed the process, they got 1000 leads. And while that sounds great, the trade-off was $500,000 compared to 100 times that, which is not $5 million, but rather $50 million.

we put up the brand, we start trying to market, and we're not getting the kind of people that we want, we tend to go to these scarcity mindset, these self-limiting beliefs, like the market is just too saturated. We think that clients don't value good photography. We think that they don't respect my prices, or as soon as I send my prices, they ghost me. We think I can't compete with cheap photographers, and there's so many of those. We think if I niche down, I'm gonna lose clients, or if I raise prices, I'm gonna lose clients. All of these things.

things are completely untrue, or they might have small truths to them, but yeah, the market is saturated. Every market is saturated. But that doesn't mean you can't do business in that market, and it doesn't mean you can't stand out, right? Clients don't value good photography. Some don't. A lot do. So each one of these has some grain of truth to it, but we cling to it as if it's the reason why we're struggling, and it's not, okay? All of this stems to the idea that

truth bomb that most of us, we failed to build a luxury brand and then we wonder why we're not getting high quality leads and high paying clients. Okay, now I wanna kind of get this concept home early as well that we need to look at what you're offering as a photography as a service as a luxury. I don't care how you design your brand. A luxury brand can look a number of different ways. It can look adventurous, it can look bold, it can look classy, it can look sophisticated.

It can look minimalistic. Those are just the way that it looks. But your brand has to be a luxury brand. And the reason why is because the consumer side of our business has already been eaten up by the phone. The phone does pretty much everything that a person would want. It's good enough. It replaces the reason to go to those crappy, remember like the Kmart and JCPenney portrait studios, the places where you'd go and spend a couple hundred bucks and get the same type of photos that everybody gets. The phone kind of replaced that because now everybody.

but it has a decent enough camera and it might not be a Kmart portrait, but it's real and it's an image that I'd capture of my kids or of people that I like and whatever it might be and it's good enough. It services that need on the low end. So if the low end of photography is already eaten up, it's gone, then what we're left with is basically photography as a luxury. It's people that wanna spend a good amount of money on photography, but for something elevated, for an experience that's elevated.

So, what does it mean to offer a luxury service in just general, right? Well, it's any product or service that's limited in nature. That's you, you are limited in nature. And even if you're building an associate brand, photographers, they are highly skilled and it takes time to train them, right? So it requires highly skilled labor. It's time intensive. There's only so much scaling we can do because of how time and labor intensive it is. And it requires an elevated experience. And that's a big piece that a lot of us leave off.

Right, but I want us to understand this concept. We have to position our brands as a luxury brand. And to kind of help make this idea just a little more concrete, this is a difference. Again, stepping outside of our photography world for a moment, this is a difference in the real world, right? On the left, you have a luxury. They're, I mean, they're everything. Accessories, clothing, this is Louis Vuitton, right? So they sell all this stuff. This is a luxury brand. On the right.

you have Ross essentially where they sell high-end brands but it's not a luxury space. Now if I were to ask you tell me what are the differences and you can you can jump in and and jump into the chat and tell me what are the differences between these two consumer experiences by the way if I say jump in the chat it's for people that are here while we're filming this live if you're watching this from the lesson library you can go to the comments you can also jump on to Facebook as well but what are the

the difference between these two? Well, on the left, right? On the left, we have every piece of this merchandise, every product is placed as a piece of art. You have one at a time, you have beautiful lighting, you have a minimalistic design, you have a store that looks clean, it's warm, it uses kind of a refined overall experience just in the materials that are used in the store, right? On the right, you have industrial carpeting

cheap concrete flooring and products that are placed not as if they're luxury items, but as if they're just a commodity, like go and pick which ones fits you. We have something for everybody type thing. There's not something for everybody on the left, but there's something for everybody over here on the right. And you expect the prices to follow suit. We have an expectation of higher prices on the left simply because of the design of the experience itself versus the expectation of deal shopping over here on the right.

where there's something for everyone, where we're selling commodities, right? The funny thing is, the difference in actual quality of material between items sold on the left versus items sold on the right, they don't justify the difference in price. Maybe some of these items, they use nicer material than these items, right? But a purse over here sells for $3,000 and a purse over here sells for $30. You can't tell me that the $3,000 is because it uses nicer leather. Of course it uses nicer leather

Maybe it has, you know, handcrafted stitching, whatever it might be, but that's an expectation. It's not a feature that drives the price point. What drives the price point is the lifestyle and the experience that's attached to the brand versus over here, there really isn't one. Like we're looking for brand kind of names, but at a cheap price and that's it. I wanna bring this home because while we understand this whole idea from the outside,

other people's businesses, looking at that example. Most of us, this goes back to, again, more than 90% of us create brands that look like a commodity, and then we leave our clients in this position to basically price shop, and then we wonder why they do, we've created a brand that doesn't demand price respect. And then we wonder why they don't respect our pricing. This is to illustrate this concept of essentially brand framing, okay. Luxury framing.