With your niche selected it is now time to research your market environment. So again Kind of a little reminder. I'm doing this just to keep your chin up. Keep your chin up. We're doing important work here Okay, there's this saying in in racing I used to race for fun and I got to a point where I was I was okay enough to actually Instruct friends so I would bring friends out and teach them how to race on the track and one of the concepts you learn Early on is is this idea of slow as fast or the saying is slow as smooth smooth as fast The the whole idea is

you know racing around a track at full speed it might look fast but in actuality like your your times are really slow the more the car is out of control and it's the same way in your business right it can look like you are grinding and you're going so fast and you're going 90 miles an hour putting 60 hours a week into this thing but in reality we're not making significant progress we're actually it looks fast but we're going very slow so we're gonna slow down again and do a bit of market research

So that way we can fast track implementation. What this looks like is when we get to the implementing side, everything starts to go real smooth. And we're like, man, I'm just cruising through this. This is a breeze. Okay, the other thing I'm gonna say too, is if you're at this point and you're still not yet certain about your niche, this market research can actually help you to understand better whether this is a good fit for you. Okay, so I would say, even if you still are not locked in on your niche at this point, I'm gonna have you continue. By the end of this step though.

I do want you locked in, okay? What I want you to avoid is there's a mindset pitfall that I want you to be very careful of, and it's the pitfall of comparison. I'm not gonna get super deep into this. I think we've all heard the quotes on, you know, comparison is the thief of joy and all that. We know this, but there's a challenge here because I need you to understand your competitive environment. I need you to understand your market and find inspiration and information from that. But at the same time, I don't want you to fall into this trap of comparison.

And what that means is as you go about this, you're going to, it's just the human condition is to compare ourselves to others. And I know you're gonna do it not only with people in your industry and in your space, like in your market, but you're probably also gonna think about it with people that are in this program, with your peers, right? And you might look at their websites, you might look at where they're at, their branding is more established, their images might be better. I want you to pull yourself out of that comparison. I want you to look and say, yes, they are.

further ahead in this space than I am, but that just means that I need to improve this one aspect and I will do that. But I don't want you to beat yourself up because you're not there yet. Everybody's at a different space in this journey and a different place along it, okay? But your best tool for all of this is gonna be market research. We're gonna analyze your business environment. So that way you can kind of identify your direct competitors. You can see like who you're working with, where are their price points. So that way you can understand, well,

where are my strengths and where are my potential weaknesses and you can also gain ideas for website branding and design, okay? All of this is gonna come from this research process and then after this we'll go into, okay, now let's start figuring out what is our voice, what is our messaging, but I want you to see what other people are doing. In this process, as you're making these comparisons, you will very likely notice that you find a few direct competitors and then you're like, oh, they're doing exactly what I wanna do or

they're not even coming close to what I want to do. Like, there's so many things. Either way, it's great, it's gonna play into what we're doing. If they're doing exactly the thing that you wanted to do, well, they've proven that it's successful, but it's also kind of an idea of, okay, maybe I should shift a little bit of direction here in terms of my voicing, my approach, so I can stand out. And vice versa, if they're not doing the things that you're thinking about, then it's like, man, there's a fantastic opportunity here to stand out in and of itself, okay? But let's first talk about what is this idea of a direct.

So basically same need, same location, similar style. This is a direct competitor. Anything else, like if we're looking at the same need, a different location and a different style, that's an indirect competitor or let's start with like a non-competitor, okay? This is a non-competitor. You're looking on the left at a wedding photograph and on the right at a fitness portrait. The jacked to the nines guy that's looking for these types of images cares nothing about wedding portraits and neither does this couple.

about an image like this, okay? They're simply not competitors. You're both, if you see other people in this, like back in the day we thought, oh, photographers are all competing with each other. No, if you're doing this, you're not competing with photographers doing this. That's simple, we understand that, okay? I want you to also recognize at this moment that without your niche, by the way, the task of actually focusing and doing market research is impossible because we have to research everything. There's no way we can actually dial in, all right? And then.

Now we have the the the game plan itself. So so okay without the niche We don't know what it is that we're actually researching to begin with and what we're trying to do whether you are Read like whether you are already experienced in business or not. I don't care if you're new at this I don't care if you've been doing it for 10 years This market research step is critical and what I found is that most people don't do it So that's why it's built in here Even if you're experienced I want you to do it because for those of you no matter what side you're coming from experienced or not

new to this, we're gonna define basically what I call, I don't think this is my word, but it's your competitive battlefield. It's how we're gonna play this game to our strengths, to basically stand out from everybody else. So even if you're experienced, I want you to understand what everyone else is doing so you can further differentiate yourself. You can play a game that nobody's playing, okay? All right, let's get back to this. So what is a direct competitor? We know that these are not competitors at all. Well, what about these? This is what I would call an indirect competitor. Remember the.

Same need, right, same need. Same location, this might be, even if they are the same location, they can still be an indirect competitor. But here we have a very different style, right? So let's say that we're two wedding photographers and we're in the same area. I'd still say we're indirect competitors because the client's looking for this, which is really more like adventure photography. This is like bold, you know, this is dramatic, adventure, like destination wedding. That.

client is very different from this. This is like soft, romantic, bright and airy. That means that the bride, the couple that's looking for this type of image, they're not gonna be happy with these types of photographs and vice versa. That makes them two different audiences. So what I want you to recognize is that you might be wedding photographers thinking we're like, okay, this is a competitor, but it's not. They're indirect competitors because they're actually serving a different audience, okay? Same by the way if we applied this to boudoir, same by the way if we applied.

this to family portraits. If the styles are dramatically different, we're looking at indirect competitors. But then we have direct competitors. So again, this is a wedding analogy, but apply it to your area, right? This, as trained photographers, we might look at this and go, those are really different, Pi. Like those are, I can see like this is more warm, more colorful, this one is more like, I don't know, Fuji-esque, has more green tones.

These are totally different. What I'm saying is, from the client's perspective, they don't have that ability to distinguish these types of nuances. These serve the exact same need. They serve the exact same function. They see this as a similar style. That's where we have to recognize, like, okay, they can't see those nuances, and so these would be direct competitors. So if you're looking at another brand portrait photographer, you're doing brand portraits, they're doing brand portraits, and you can see these subtle nuances, I'd say, like, look.

They're a direct competitor, okay? And that's not a bad thing, by the way. But understand that your clients, they can only distinguish massive differences. Like one is completely dramatic, flash lit, and one is natural, light and airy. They can see that, but they're not gonna see differences in this level of nuance. But this is what we're really looking for. What we're really looking for are direct competitors that offer, they serve the same need, they're in a similar location, and they have a similar style. They're not the same.

style, but a similar style, that's a direct competitor. Those are going to be the best places to go for inspiration because they're literally trying to communicate to the exact audience that we're trying to communicate with, right? These local direct competitors. This is the research that allows you to quickly gain website kind of ideas on terms of design, in terms of branding inspiration, what images do they use? How do they speak? It allows you to quickly understand kind of local pricing strategies, at least knowing where do they start, where do they.