collections like typically like end up most everybody's putting at least that information on their site oftentimes you'll find full pricing information on there which is what I don't want you to do you can gauge your quality of work and service by looking at what they're doing you can find your strengths and and the the short idea for this is anywhere there where they're weak that's a strength for you right if you notice where they're weak that's your strength if you find their strengths that's likely your weakness so if you're identifying like oh man these are good on that

side, then most likely what you're identifying is this is an area of myself that I could improve. Okay. This is also a space where you could potentially identify collaborative partnerships, and this is more for the future, but since we're here kind of doing the research, it's an option that we can like add onto the process. Okay. So let's get into doing this work here. Side note, make sure that you guys download the workbooks. The workbooks are always going to be attached to the, uh, the step that you're in. So let's get into this workbook, uh, and do the direct.

worksheet okay. So the first step is using an online search you can perform a search for your niche and your location just to get an idea of who's in the space and I'm gonna give you kind of a couple ways of doing this this is the the first one so just an online search is the first one. The next step and we'll do this together by the way the next step is select up to five direct competitors in your area and I want you to only add them to your list if they serve the same need if they offer a similar style and if they match or exceed your quality and look

If you find that they don't match or exceed your quality, like you haven't found a single one, add them to your list anyway. Take the best ones and add them, okay? Even if they're not quite up to par. Sometimes people are like, I didn't find anyone that does exactly what I do and can match my quality. Okay, that's a competitive advantage for you, but let's still complete the exercise, all right? And then what we're gonna do is actually rate your direct competitors. So from one to five, one being the lowest and five being the highest, I want you to rate them in each of the categories. So.

their brand identity, their website user experience, voice and humanity. And by the way, let me show you how to do this. So let's go and just do the online research. And you could, if you wanted to, use AI for this step. I was actually confusing one of the other steps. This step I mostly have as a manual process just because sometimes AI doesn't give you the latest kind of information or results. So sometimes the information is a little bit delayed. Okay, so what I'm gonna do is just go to Google and let's just do a basic search and we can.

to just use the regular search bar, but it might be high for you guys. Okay, so let's type in Boudoir Photography, Salt Lake City, okay? Now, from here, we're gonna get a giant list. And what we wanna do is basically start clicking through. We get suggested options, which I think there's sponsored results and then there's standard results. It looks like here there's no sponsored results actually. So let's just click through some of these, okay? And we're gonna.

start looking at brands and kind of going okay does this, like is this a direct competitor? Is their style pretty similar? Like are they going for what I'm going for? Is my style kind of like this dark, dramatic look? And you'll find that some of them have that look, some of them don't. Some of them are like more light, they're more airy. Maybe they focus on different aspects. This looks like, let's see Salt Lake's number one, it's confident, sexy, empowering. Okay, when you feel like you've found someone that's a competitor.

Then I want you to add them to the list and where are we going to do we're going to go back to the brand and strategy workbook Okay. Now this guide tells you we're working in brand strategy workbook tab three Under environment and direct competitors. This is one of the places where i've added, uh quite a bit to this this tab So if you are using like an older workbook You want to copy this in what you can always do is go to the bottom And this is the template document by the way You guys are always linked to the template document and I won't share access to this so you guys save this template document You

as I've instructed in the intro module. So when we make updates to it, you can go to back to the template, click at the bottom and you go copy to and then an existing spreadsheet. And this will allow you to copy this page to an existing spreadsheet and then you can like update the information in yours, okay? Select your workbook from there. Okay, so from here, if I feel like I found a competitor, I'm gonna put in their name, I'm gonna put in the website, the social handle, I'm gonna put in a starting price and I'm gonna start giving ratings for each of these areas. Any low scores are potential weaknesses that you can.

can like capitalize on. The last thing I want you to do is tell me what their target audience appears to be, so who they're communicating to. So let's go back to this for just a second. On this rating, when it comes to brand identity, what I'm talking about is like their logos, their color, the spacing on the website, the typography. Does it feel tight and refined, or does it feel loose like a commodity that's just kind of messy and all over the place? So I want you to give a rating on that, five being the highest, okay? Then it's website and user experience.

How easy is it to navigate? How easy is it to find the things that you're looking for to reach out to them, to contact them? Then it's, well, is their voice and humanity in the website? Do they connect with their audience on a meaningful level or do they speak to their audience on some generic level? Oh, here at our studio, we pride ourselves on this or do you actually get to meet the people there? Do they actually talk to you like a human? Then I want you to rate the quality of their imagery and consistency of their style, okay?

This is, this is kind of like one of the big criteria of like, if they're even on a level playing field, if there's huge discrepancies between the quality of their work and yours, they're again, not competing with you, but if that's the best you got, then, then still let's keep them in there. Um, at least so you have an understanding of like what your, your kind of the environment you're working in. Then SEO content strategy, do they appear to be having an SEO strategy along with useful, valuable content? So like, if you're kind of looking at these and like, you notice like, look, they've got.

at what to expect, the experience studio galleries, they've got portfolio, they've got a blog. Okay, Utah's premier boudoir studio. It looks like they are considering, like everyone wonder what happens behind it at Utah's top boudoir studio. So it looks like they are writing with SEO in consideration, right? If you look at their blog, let's see. Essential tips, yeah, there's tips for preparing for a memorable shoot together. Now, here's where you also start noticing like, okay, they have very much like a more.

Um, like they, they showcase images, like there's couples Boudoir in here, which is kind of a next level thing. They have like BDSM type stuff. You start noticing that they're going deeper. Maybe I want to offer something that's a little bit different. It's not so, so like, like maybe it's a little bit more, uh, I don't know what the right word would be. Um, a little lighter, a little softer. Uh, but you start noticing differences there. So we, we rate them from an SEO standpoint. Are they doing these things? Yes, they are. Okay. What is the quality of their experience? So let's put it all together. How would you rate?

the overall quality of the website and the experience. For the first few, like that first one was actually pretty strong, right? Like this was really good, like an easy to use, I'd say the menu might be a little bit busy, but it looks like clear call to action, it's pretty decent overall. But look, once we get to like number three, then I'm like, okay, this is kind of busy, right? Now it's like, okay, I'm not a huge fan of the logo, this image that's like the video that's over the images, now we start to get to like messy, and we're only three clicks in.

by the way. So what's funny is you start to recognize that if I differentiate myself, if I niche down, if I build a brand experience, if I build my humanity into this, then you start really separating yourself from the pack because already we've identified that we're only three clicks in on the top people in Google and already we can start seeing like a lot of opportunity there. Where once we've done these things, now we've narrowed our competition from hundreds of people down to maybe a few who can actually do that.

is at our level, right? We start becoming a business of one as opposed to a business of many. The last thing I want you to do is after looking at their branding, their imagery and their copy, I want you to try to describe their target audience. Who are they trying to speak to? And I want you to use your own words in this process and you're just gonna fill it in here. It doesn't need to be long, but just something to give you an idea because what you're gonna start noticing is patterns. So we're gonna start seeing holes. The holes or weaknesses are places where we can compete. Those are the low scores here. The pattern.