thousand people, maybe I'll reach out to them, maybe I have an idea for a shoot that I'm going to bring up to them. I'll teach you what to say to each of these later, but let's just take a look. Makeup and hair, Beauty by NG. Okay, they have a bit of followers, so I probably need to have a little bit of a following before I reach out, but again, great ideas here. So this is my favorite way to find these, and there's also another benefit too, is because they're serving a similar need and niche, right? They're offering a complimentary service.

they're serving the same type of clients, oftentimes you'll also see some good marketing and brand inspiration from their websites as well. But that's my favorite way to look. There's also another way. So with your favorite tool, I'm gonna give you another, an AI prompt. So I'm a niche photographer looking to serve people in this area. I'm looking to create a relationship with vendors who offer culinary services. Give me 10 or so ideas. What I would also say here is say something like, give it also, this is where I am in my business. Help me find.

people that align with that, okay? Because we don't wanna end up with people that are super established on that side. And maybe I'll make an update to this prompt when I pop this into the slide deck, or when I pop it into the downloads. Okay, you're gonna select up to 10 potential vendor partners. Again, this is an optional step here. We will come back to this later, but let's go back to that brand and strategy workbook, right? So here's the possible collaborative venue partners. If, like, don't try to force this. If you're not in the space of wedding and events and you can't think of anything here.

I'd say, don't worry about this. What I'd rather you kind of focus on is, are there potential vendor partners in your area that might be a good fit? So I give you some instructions and ideas here. I also gave you that prompt there, but you're gonna put in the business, the website, their social handle and what type of vendor they are. And then later, when we come back to the idea of like different marketing efforts, that's when we'll pull this back up and we'll say, okay, remember that list that we looked at or the list that we created like early on? This is a good time to pull that back up. In the meantime, I.

like doing the research here because it's already kind of, you're kind of already on your way to this destination. So it's like adding a stop, getting to, you know, while you're driving somewhere else, but that stop might also help give you some ideas while we're going along and creating our brand and doing that. So optional, but it's something that I do like doing. So this is a great time, go ahead and pause. If you have any questions, feel free to hop into the mentorship group and post there, but let's go ahead and complete the brand strategy workbook tab three. You're.

your possible partner sections for vendor and venue. All right, let's jump to the next lesson.