Okay, so now we're getting even more tactical. We're gonna hit the specific wall art vision exercise. The wall art vision exercise, or as we call it, the WAVE. This was a tool that I designed over a decade ago. And the reason why I designed this tool was as we were expanding the studio, we started building out this associate program. We hit our seven figure number and we were kind of like to get much further beyond that, we need associates and we need these associates that we actually be able to handle consultation.

So we threw them into consultations and what ended up happening was that, well, these photographers would go out and deliver these shoots and the images would look good, but the clients would come back and it wasn't a lot, but it was probably like one out of every ten clients would be unhappy with the photographs that they took. And I thought that's so odd and strange, especially considering like when the partners, when Justin, Chris, or myself, when we did these meetings and went and did the shoots, everything would go fine. So I really started paying attention to what these associates were

were saying in those shoots. And I started paying attention to what I was doing in those shoots. And what we basically had was, associates were very much focused on talking about technical details. Like what is the style? What is the types of images they want created? And my conversation centered around values. Because I was understanding that like, what I'm there to do is create images that they actually value. I know that they don't really care about the technical details that much. So after I saw that, I thought, okay, we need.

to design a process that anybody can follow to be able to hold somebody in the emotional space to be able to truly understand what it is that they value. Because from that space, they can take those values into the shoot and they can know exactly what images they should create. On top of that, they should be able to close the sale actually much, much better. So once the wall art vision exercise was created, I had to get everybody to actually buy into it. And after they did, the conversions.

reach shot up. So before that, you know, usually if a partner goes into a sales session, we'd be able to close 90% of qualified sales, if not higher, right? Whereas an associate would be somewhere around like 30, 40%. We always found that so strange. As soon as we implemented this, that number shot up to match what we were doing on top of that, it alleviated. So now it wasn't one in every 10 clients were coming back with a complaint. It was like one in every 50 and we're like, okay, this made a dramatic difference. And that's where this.

idea was born. Now, I want to share that with you because whenever I teach the wave, whenever somebody starts learning this process, there's always a bit of resistance there. They resist the idea of it, they don't quite get the philosophy of it, and so I want you to understand kind of the concept and where this came from. What we're really doing with the wave when we look at the sales process is we're identifying the customer's problem and need. When it comes to a photograph, it's not so much a problem as it is a value, right? That's why we call it a value board.

because when it comes to photography, this is a luxury service. So we want these photographs, but it's not like our life is gonna be threatened by not having these photographs. So we can't really qualify it as a need. I have to have this solution. It's not a painkiller per se. It's not a drug that we have to have, but what it is is something that we want, something that's tied to our values. And that's what the wave is there to do, is to really help you identify an actual set of wants and needs.

And so I like to clarify this, because if we talk about needs in a retail sense, right? Like having a car is a need, but having a Bentley is a want. Having a set of clothes and some sort of a purse and a bag, those are needs, right? But then having specifically Louis Vuitton purses and clothes that's a want. So we need to kind of classify this and understand the differences between these. Photography, it's a luxury. The need side of this, I need to have memory.

I need to have these types of images that's captured with just the phone. Okay, so we already have a device that covers our needs So anything beyond that fits really into the luxury the want space and I know you all know this but it's good to get a little refresh because it it changes the way that we approach the Consultation basically and and it kind of gives you an idea of why the wave is so important to understand someone's values Because it brings us with this question of like what do clients actually want and in the past when we were you

you know, first star in the studio, what we used for this was the mood board. And this is what our associates would use too, is we'd have clients pin some images to the mood board and we'd bring those and we'd talk about that in the sales consultation, what types of images they like. And what the mood board does is, well, it does a really good job of like defining aesthetics, right? Of defining like what types of looks, what types of colors, what types of maybe poses, more of the technical side of what resonates with them. But the question is, is.

even with a mood board, of these images, do we actually know what the client wants? Do we know which of these they truly value? Like, they might pin the shoes and the, this shot, oh, we worked on these invitations and we gotta have that photograph, right? We gotta have that. We spent so much time figuring out our details. We spent so much time on the venue design. We gotta have that. But then if I ask the question, well, would you print the photograph of the shoes and hang it, like say, in your home?

Well, no, that's not really an image that I would print. Why? Well, because that's not something that I would value enough to put up on the wall. It would make for a good image in like an album, but not like on my wall. So what a mood board does is it really helps us to define aesthetics. And I'm not saying not to do them. We actually create the mood board in conjunction with the value board. But we have to have the value board. The value board is what defines what.

they truly want, what they'd be willing to pay for, what they would hang something, what type of image does it need to be in order to put it up on their wall? Whereas the mood board defines what do they think is cute? What type of style do they like? Is it more light and airy? Is it more dark and dramatic? What would they post to Instagram? That's what the mood board is helping us with. Okay, so after we build a basic rapport, that's kind of the steps that you've done thus far, right? It could be a few minutes in person, it could be 30 seconds over the phone.

own, then we, we really want to take them right into the wave. Now, um, yeah, I said, you're, you're going to continue getting to know them through the process of the wave. And what I mean is, is in person, sometimes people will want to talk quite a bit. You get to know each other. Sometimes it goes well beyond five minutes when it's like an in-person consultation. Right. I generally find that with zoom and especially with phone calls, um, with phone calls, people don't have the patience to go, you know, just, just shoot the shit for, for 10 minutes. Right. They, they want to get.

into things. Same thing with a Zoom call. It's better than just a phone call, but still we don't wanna be there for five, 10 minutes just getting to know each other. We wanna get into it. So the tip I like to give is like, look, you're going to get to know them as you do the wave with them. And during the wave, there's always moments to pause and to relate and to kind of share ideas and to understand them more. So don't feel like you have to do all the getting to know them right there up front if we should like step into the process.

a little bit quicker. Okay, so that's the wave. It's this tried and true psychological framework to uncover exactly what a client wants and values and to do it consistently because that's really the key, right? How do we do this consistently? The goal of this is we hold clients in the limbic system. This is where they can share with you their emotions, their values, and an idea of the types of images they'd like to have and things that would be meaningful to them. So we can hold them in that space and that's honestly.

the same space that we need them to be in when it comes to making a luxury purchase, right? Again, if there is nothing, just think of this for a moment, when it comes to a need, there's plenty of rational thoughts and decisions that go into this, right? Do I need leather or do I not? What would be better for the car? What would be better? Like, am I going to be sweaty? I probably should get leather. Do I need, you know, five seats?

or do we need six seats or you know these are all needs right when it comes to the clothing right do I do I need it to be warm do I need the purse to have certain pockets do I need my backpack to be able to fit this with any of these needs we're talking about a lot of rational justification it would be appropriate in that space what possible rational justification does anybody have when it comes to the Bentley or when it comes to the Louis Vuitton product

What rational justification is there? You don't even get a choice of leather or not here. If you're in doing, you know, if you're an athlete and you're sopping wet, coming into the car, the person that buys a Bentley doesn't care. What rational justification is there on either of these sides? The answer is there is none, right? These are emotional purchases. A person buys these because of the way that it makes them feel. A person.

Someone buys these because of the confidence that they want to convey, a message they want to share with others, or the lifestyle that they're buying into. And all of those decisions, they're not made in the rational space of the brain, in the neocortex. All those decisions are made in the limbic system. So that's the idea behind the wave, is to hold them in this space. So what's important versus what's not important? I'm going to go...

go through specific mistakes when we hit the wave, but for right now, as before I just go into the actual wave script, I want you to recognize a lot of people get stuck thinking that the wave is all about the one image, the one image that goes on the wall. It's not, okay? It's about getting them to limit their mind so they can describe that one image and then understanding why they're choosing that image. Why are they describing it the way they are?

What are the words that they're using? How are they choosing to describe this image? That's the important part, and that's what we're gonna apply to everything else as we discuss the shoot that we're talking about. But it's not just the one image, it's everything surrounding their choice of that image. This is gonna make a lot more sense as we go, but I wanted to preface this so it's on your mind. After you identify these needs and values, this is when you're gonna start thinking naturally.

what's gonna be the best fit for them. So we start naturally bridging like as they're talking and describing things and as they're saying things you're gonna naturally get ideas of okay I think this would be the right solution this is the right package this would be the things that they would very much interest them and you start developing the value proposition there. Okay enough theory let's actually show you the wave script and framework. Again I'm gonna preface this with something that I said

earlier in these modules. I'm giving you scripts. I give you an entire sales handbook. It's not about memorization. It's not about pushing your client through this and just memorizing the words. I don't care about the words. I care about the step-by-step process of this. It's the psychological process of this that I don't want you to abandon. But the words themselves, I don't care. Make them yours. Now I would say learn it first, then make it yours as you practice it and and we're just

gonna go with that. I'm not gonna belabor or beat a dead horse there. Okay, so part one. We want to set the stage with this opening that disrupts their thought process. Okay, a disruptor is something that basically makes you pause and go whoa what's happening. For example, right now you're so used to me speaking and talking right now. You're so used to me gesturing and doing all this that some of you might even kind of be lulled into this sense of like it's calm, it's quiet. But if I said

immediately you perk up and for some reason, you're attentive. Like everything that I say within this 30 seconds of having said that word, you're now present and listening to. All because I said a word that you weren't expecting. Now I apologize, I hope none of you have the speakers loud right now. But idea is a disruptor is anything that disrupts a thought process. So the first opening is, if it's okay with you, I'd like to walk you through a visualization exercise to help me understand.

and what you value when it comes to your photography. I know this might be a little bit odd, but bear with me for a moment, okay? Nobody's asking that question. Nobody's saying something like, I know this is gonna be a little bit odd or whatever it might be. So immediately, this is a very gentle way. Now the F-bomb disrupter, by the way, is something that Tony Robbins does. So Tony Robbins will hop on a stage and clap and he'll be like, F, it's so good to be here. And he'll do this like constantly. And he'll just randomly drop weird things to disrupt, right? This is a very.

Very gentle, what I would say like a creative professional's version of a disruptor. We don't need to be Tony Robbins here and drop F-bombs. But nobody's going to do this. So immediately when someone hears this, they're going to tune in a little bit more like, oh, this is interesting. What is Carmen about to say right now? And we go to part two. We start to move them into the limbic system. Now remember the idea that I shared with you earlier, getting somebody to switch from like a neocortex, a rational thought process to an emotional thought process. This is a one-way.

road, okay? You're either on this side or you're on this side. It's difficult to cross over. So when someone is stuck on that rational side, getting them to turn around and think emotionally, it's like trying to turn an 18-wheel truck on a one-way road. You're going to need a lot of little pauses and a lot of stops, and you got to keep going until we can get that truck going the other way on this road. That's what we're doing here. We're starting to move them into the limbic system. So I want you to imagine your home. It could be your apartment. It could be any

But more specifically I want you to pick a location where you might hang a frame or a piece of wall art Okay What you're gonna notice as soon as you you they do that as soon as they buy and they start imagining their home is Oftentimes their eyes are gonna start kind of going up. They're gonna start to think hmm. They're accessing the limbic system They're thinking of a memory They're thinking of you know They're the space and we're starting to shift their thought process over into this emotional space where we can start getting good answers and start tapping the things

that they appreciate now so I say this because I often get asked like why do we specifically want to imagine their home that's why because we want to start this process of of turning the truck right one of the common things they might say there is like oh well we're moving into a new place we don't know where yet that's okay like just just work around it say oh it's okay why don't you think of the space you're in now and just think of a spot where you might hang something in your in your current home or your current

apartment. It's okay they're gonna say things and they're gonna be like oh they're gonna take things very literally help them work past it. Okay once they respond we kind of play a little bit deeper into that vision right so we would say okay so what space are you thinking of now if you're doing this as a couple I would let them know we don't have to be thinking about the same spot so if you want to hang in a different spot if she wants to hang it that's totally fine. They give you the idea of where it is and let's say that they say it's the

room above the couch okay I would say something like this all right so let's imagine the living room space above the couch I don't know maybe that's like eight feet wide is that a good guess it doesn't have to be exact the reason why I'm saying that is because I say is is oh tell me how you know how big is that wall they're gonna immediately go back to neocortex thinking right they're gonna need me to go back like oh well we're gonna need to measure that and we'll get back to you no I just want to guess right so

I would imagine that's roughly eight feet. It doesn't have to be exact. Is that about right? Okay. We wait for the confirmation. Then we go a little bit more. We start setting a little bit of anchors. We start creating some limitations as well. Now, the anchor that we're gonna set is actually a price anchor to help them understand where our pricing is and to see if there's any major objections right there because that'll clue us in in terms of is this client potentially qualified, right? So I would say something like, okay, so I have a question, but there are a few things that I want you to keep in mind before I.

I ask you this question, okay? First, a professionally printed and framed image in that space, let's say it's gonna be like a 30 by 40, that might cost, say, $2,000 if you were to print that through the studio, okay? The price isn't something that I want you to focus on right now, because there's no commitment right now. You don't need to buy anything right now. I just want you to know that this is gonna be an investment, essentially. Now, if you are offering digitals, like for us with our.

weddings, we charge everything up front, so it's an upfront model, right? Then I would add this next line. If you're doing IPS and you're charging in the reveal, don't do this line, just give them the price anchor and that's it, right? And for an IPS person, they might, I'll give you a version of that line, but for the upfront person, I would say, you know, the price isn't too important because you could print this on your own, you could have it framed on your own, but that's still gonna be an investment, right? Because now you're spending your time and your money to get this done right and to get.

it up onto your wall. So what I'm trying to get at is whether you do it through my studio, whether you do it on your own, this is gonna be investment. Does that make sense? Okay now if this is the IPS version I would say okay that's we're gonna imagine a frame print right now but this isn't something that you have to buy. Honestly we have a lot of different types of collections, we can do albums, we can do a lot of different things. For right now though let's just imagine we're gonna create a print that goes up on the wall.

Keep in mind, I gave you a sales handbook that's going to have different versions of this based on what type of service that you're offering, okay? So reference that, please, because in boudoir, you wouldn't say, we're going to hang up a naked picture of you on the wall, right? That would just make no sense whatsoever. So there's a different, the slight modifications there depending on what it is that you're doing. So next, I'm going to say this, so we kind of create a little more limitations, right? And if they, if they push back.

and they say well why is price so important right now you go because I'm gonna ask you a question I want to know what image is important to you I actually I want you to think of that being an investment because I want to know what image is so valuable to you that you would hang it up that you would pay for it to be on the wall just but stick with me for just a second and again we're not committing to anything right now this is just a visualization exercise so anytime you get pushback just clarify help them understand this is just an exercise and now

gonna say okay so next you're gonna see this photograph multiple times a day because it's hung and in this case would be the the living room above the couch right so it needs to be something that you would truly love right because you're gonna see it all the time and they go yes and we're gonna be taking tons of different pictures during your whatever type of shoot we're doing during your family session so I'm gonna limit you though to just one photograph because it's a print it's a frame print so you get just one choice of the 100 plus

images we create, only one can go there. This is turning the truck, getting it turned around so that when we ask this next question, they're in the right head space. When I say setting up the correct emotional space for this, this is exactly what we're talking about, because now the big question is gonna land. So okay, with all of that, what is the one photo...

from your family session or whatever type of shoot that you would value so much that you'd spend money on it, that you'd wanna see it every single day hung in the living room in that spot. What is that one image? Now you wait and you listen. What are we listening for? I want you to listen to the words that they use to describe the image. I want you to pay attention to what particular first image comes up. I want you to listen to all.

All of the details that they use, the particular vocabulary that they're sharing, because everything that they're going to share with you are going to give you ideas into the way that they think. So we're listening intently in this part. Now it means something. I need you to recognize this. It means something. If this is a wedding and the first image that pops into my mind is like, well, we spent $100,000 on florals, and I want to get this grand.

picture at the ceremony site with all of it and us in the center, that means something, right? Because I could've picked any image. But what that tells me, as a photographer, is maybe this person might value epic imagery. Maybe they value the pageantry side of this, like the kind of elaborate design, and maybe they value that because they spent a lot of time on that. Whatever comes to mind means something. If I said, well, us on the ceremony.

at the altar with our family right behind us as we're exchanging rings, that image means the world and I bet there's gonna be something funny or some sort of a joke. I wanna capture all the laughter and things that are natural. That means something. Okay, this person must be very family oriented. This person wants an image that's in the moment, they're laughing, they want something genuine, something authentic. If we're talking about a maternity shoot,

And I say, as the father, we've tried many times to have a baby and this is our first. I just wanna get a shot of my wife. She's healthy, she's beautiful. I wanna see her tummy. That means something. Why that particular image versus something else? Right, and you'd carry that over to the newborn photograph. What might that mean?

there, that photograph with my baby with the hand wrapped around my finger, that would probably be a very precious photograph to me. The decision that somebody makes in this choice means the world, and you're going to play in deeper to better understand, but it's not the image that we care about. Of course, I want to create that image they describe. Of course, that's part of it, but that's not what we're there to do. We're there to understand why they.

He chose that. So after you're hearing their words, I want you to start inferring their values. Now, there might be a little step between this. Like if I were to say, what else might I add to part five? It'd be, that's so interesting. You picked the ceremony site and this ring exchange moment. Can you unpack that for me for a second? This is my favorite word, by the way. My favorite phrase in psychology is unpack this. If you ever wanna understand somebody a little bit deeper, like, can you unpack that? Tell me what you mean by that.

Can you unpack that? Why did you pick that image? What does that mean to you? I want you to play in deeper. Yeah, well, on the same way, say, who's in the background of that photograph? Who would we see clearly? If they go, well, isn't that your decision? Because you might get some, this isn't pushback, this is people not understanding what it is you're trying to do. Don't let it freak you out. If they ask a question like that, I would say, well, yeah, but I mean, this is why I ask, right? Because we're putting this photograph on the wall of your home.

I wanna know what means the world to you. Like for example, I could take that same shot from the back of the room where all the guests are watching you in that moment. Or I could take that same photograph up close where we can see your family members and people. What do you feel like would be more meaningful to you? And we listen again. So we wanna unpack. Oh, it's a shot of the two of you? Where would we be at? What would the background be in this photograph?

Oh, you picked the beach. Is there a particular significance to that? Why the beach? Oh, it's because the two of you always do date night at the beach on the walks. That's amazing. I feel like what if we actually chose a spot like that for maybe the engagement session? Everything that they share with you is going to give you ideas. And a huge mistake in this spot is after they describe the image is not playing in deeper to understand.

Help me to clarify that help me paint the picture of what this image looks like What's so important in it and make sure that you understand why? Then after that we hit this piece of part six Based on what you've shared with me I'm gonna take a guess at your values and what we're gonna do is put together a kind of value board. Okay? What this means is I? Want to know aesthetically what images you love and we'll create a mood board for that but

I wanna know what images you value and that's what the value board is there for. What is truly meaningful to you? So help me know, am I on the mark or is there anything that you tweak or adjust here? It's okay if I'm completely wrong too. And then we start to infer things. You said that that closeup shot on the altar with you exchanging rings with your family in the photograph, that's important to you. Would it be fair to say that like, you would appreciate a nice artistic image?

during getting ready moment, but would you appreciate that more if maybe it was a genuine moment where mom was there helping you get ready and maybe she was sharing a few nice words with you? Okay, you mentioned the beach. I'm doing like different clients, different responses, right? You mentioned the beach because that's a place that you guys frequently spend time. Would you appreciate if maybe for the engagement session, what if we actually, it was.

Not so much like just going to a pretty location taking pretty pictures, but what if we actually made this a date where you went to the beach and you guys do what you normally do, but we document it and create these beautifully artistic moments that are genuine, that feel real to you. Would that be something you would value? You play these words back and you infer their value sets and how it applies to different aspects of the way that you're gonna approach the shoot. This is what's.

meaningful about the process. This is why we're doing it. After doing this, we've completed step six, we've made all these inferences, we know now what it is that they want. We've completed this checklist. We haven't even picked up the camera, but I know who they are as an individual, as people. I know, and you, you know what they appreciate, what they value. You understand the language, their common language. What are the words they typically use? Doctors are gonna use different language.

than psychologists who are gonna use different language than accountants who are gonna use different language than business owners. We wanna speak in their language, in their words, the words that resonate with them. You also know the exact images you need to capture, the types of images that they would appreciate. And at the same time, we've given them an anchor and a price point to what we actually would charge for prints. So for those of you that do IPS, that's super helpful. Even for those of us that are just trying to qualify.

a client to make sure that they can spend a good amount of money on the package, we've done that too. All of these things are done in that process. This is where I get the idea, the saying where I'm like, being a better salesperson will make you a better photographer. So upon finishing the wave, this last little step, part seven, you're going to reiterate some of the things that you've learned and we're going to set a cognitive dissonance anchor. So this can be really anywhere in this.

that we can do this, right? But once we're really connecting, once they understand how we've applied these values to the rest of this shoot, how we're gonna plan the shoot around their values, that's when I say, I love doing this exercise with my clients because don't you feel like as your photographer, it's critical that I know exactly what you appreciate and value? Now, they might just instantly know what you're saying and be like, yes, completely.

on board, they might be like, well yeah I guess so, if they're not completely on board, that's what I'm gonna go a little bit deeper, well I see that you're not quite convinced, but let me go a little bit further with this, I can take, and this is what a lot of photographers are gonna do, they're gonna come and they're gonna take pretty pictures, maybe something's happening in front of them that they find interesting, it's visually appealing, and they take pictures of that thing, what if it's not something that you actually would.

want or appreciate it's entirely possible to take beautiful images of things that you don't care about isn't it they agree to that that's what I mean that's what I mean by isn't it important that I know exactly what you appreciate in value so I can bring my creative view my angle my my ideas to the things that are actually meaningful to you that's as much of my style as anything else as the colors

or the camera that I use or the way that I light, this is what I bring to my clients. There's always room to help them understand something if they're hung up, and I want you to recognize that. It's not about going to the next step when they're stuck on the prior one. Help them work through each step of this to get to the next place. Okay, now here's the thing. Knowing how to do the wave, like what you know.

here versus actually doing the wave are two completely different things. Every single person that does this sucks at it at the beginning. Okay. You're going to suck at it, which is also why we do role plays, because even when you're good at this, even with our members that have been here for a year that know this, when you're put under pressure, you're going to suck at it again. That's why we do it. I'm going to encourage you to stick with this. As you get better and better with this process, you're

the entire world is gonna open up to you in a way that you didn't think possible. Because you're not just learning how to sell, you're learning to actually communicate with someone on a deeper level. To communicate to their values, not simply at a surface level of what is it that they want. So stick with this. I would also encourage you to make sure that you watch, I've highlighted specific role play examples that are in the lesson material. I want you to watch those in their entirety. There's some beautiful examples in there.

including one where, for any of you that are like, man, what do I do when I'm stuck, where I keep getting all these different things coming up, all these different objections, interruptions, everything. I did one with Meredith that it was such a great role play, and we found out later that she's an actress, it's such a great role play that it's now gonna be in the lesson material. Afterwards, we did one with Tommy, we did one with Alessandra, there were such good role plays of how we get hung up, how we get stuck on things that I made.

those officially part of the material and I don't want you to skip them. They're so valuable. So please make sure to check those out and you'll find them as you go through lesson by lesson, just automatically, I've already kind of put them where they need to go, but I want you to understand that when it comes to the wave, when it comes to sales, perfect practice makes perfect. You now understand what the process looks like. Now we can actually go and practice it until we can perfect the process. So find a buddy within our community. I want you to hop.

on Zoom, and I want you to do this, to practice this. You can even record those sessions through Zoom. Make sure that you can both basically get through this checklist. You can break the ice and establish rapport quickly. You can smoothly transition in the wave. You can effortlessly guide them through the wave, even if they have hangups. And you can understand what they want and value and apply it to the solution that you're offering to them. Make sure you can do those steps. When you've got that down, then I would say you've got this process down, and you're checking.

off and good to go. Okay so I actually have that little assignment here. Pause, go ahead and find a roleplay buddy and it doesn't have to be like right this second. I mean find the buddy right this second but schedule the call. At least schedule the call for roleplay. Okay let's go on.