Treat it that way. We're not sending the pricing experience guide out with the first contact. We're not doing any of that. I'm trying to, I want to give them the best possible experience. I want to help them figure out the solution for them. I don't want to just send off a pricing guide and help them figure out on your own. That's why I told you earlier, like we want to make this look nice, but we want to realize also that we're really not gonna be sending out this much unless we're-

we're like cutting someone loose and this is what we're talking about, okay? Now, how might this change based on your goals or your business? Well, look, first, call each lead within five minutes of receipt. For some of you, this is gonna be possible because you're approaching your photography business as a full-time job. We have others, like for example, Lucille.

is one of our alumni who's crushing it part-time. She does like, I don't know, 30 elopement shoots. These are short shoots a year. She makes $80,000 plus as her side gig and her full-time job, she works in IT and she loves it. So she's like, I don't want to quit my full-time job. I want to keep doing this. But what that does is it makes it.

so that she can't answer calls when they come in because she's generally at work, right? So what she's set up is a process to actually convert people through the website, through the online experience. And we have to do that. Like anytime we have to make a concession with the business, what I'm laying out for you here is like the optimal way to set up your business, right? It doesn't mean that that's what's.

it's gonna be possible every time. So every time we make a concession, every time we do something that's less than optimal, what we need to do is understand what that decision means. See, if I get on the phone with a lead that comes in, I'm gonna convert. If I'm good at my sales process, you've learned this material, you've practiced it, and you call them within five minutes, good chance you're gonna get a lead.

going to convert 80 to 90% of qualified leads that come in. Okay. So you're going to convert them with that phone call. But as soon as I go, okay, now I'm going to depend on my website to actually make the sale, then that conversion rate is going to drop from like 80 to 90% down to probably 10 to 20%. What does that mean? It doesn't mean we can't.

still run a successful business. But what it does mean is that we need that many more visitors, that many more leads to make up for that gap. So I focus on throughout this program on giving you kind of the best steps and focusing on like what is optimal, but with the understanding that we're going to have to make tweaks and adjustments here and there. Okay, I want you to recognize that. So call

Calling someone within five minutes of receipt is how you maximize every lead coming in. Because if we kind of look at it as one of the biggest pain points and problems that photographers have, is we're just not getting that many leads. So before we try to get more leads, it's easier to try to just capitalize on the ones that are coming in. Well, before we try to get, if we got 10,

leads a month, before I go and worry about getting 20 leads a month, why don't I convert 8 of the 10 leads versus right now I'm only converting 2. Okay, that's the idea there is by doing these simple things we can level up very quickly without having to worry about bigger issues like how do I double the amount of leads coming in.

All right, so if that's not possible so like say for example for Lucia Well, it might not even possible the next hour, but she calls during the next possible window Sometimes that's the next day and that's actually when she does the wave with them So she often will do the wave after someone's actually already booked and she has someone else Essentially handle the first call to basically set it all up and to get them close

So we make adjustments and things as we go. But that's on that side. Now, for me, another example would be when you hit this first contact, usually a 10 to 15 minute consult. If you're in a portrait space where you're doing like IPS or you're doing like more simple shoots, you can close them within 10 to 15 minutes.

Thomas is a great example of that. We have a lot of people that are closing within the first few minutes of a consult because they do boudoir or they do family portraits or they do these other areas where I don't need a full one hour consultation. We can go through it briefly and we can actually move to close in that first call.

So don't feel like you have to set up a second consultation, but if you're in the space of say like larger events Let's say weddings. Let's say corporate. Let's say brand portraits those types of spaces Generally, you're gonna need a bit more time to work through and develop a full plan and a full package that would fit their needs This is where oftentimes the first

point of contact we don't have enough time we're just calling them back immediately to kind of be the first ones to reach out to them and that's where the second consultation we would move to to actually close okay so that's one other adjustment there one other idea too is is this i have people like like um the physical therapist that i work with he has his own

sales rule. I've helped build his sales process and adjust it. And one of the rules that he loves, it makes his girls who actually do the sales, it makes them very uncomfortable. But one of their rules is you call until you get a no. All right. Now, truthfully, that is probably the best. If you want to maximize revenue, that is the best way to do it.

do it you call until you get a no but it might be uncomfortable for you it might be and and uncomfortable to a point because like all this might be uncomfortable right but I want you to embrace the majority of it if if if you're like you know five times is just too much I don't want to bug someone that much you know that then that's fine for me the number is around three attempts if I call

someone three times and they don't answer then I'm going to send off the guy but maybe for you it's going to be five. I'll be honest the reason that it's three for me is not because I'm worried about bothering them because if they gave me their information I do want to reach out to them. I want to figure out what I can do for them. The reason I limit it to three attempts is I've got a lot of leads coming in so if you don't answer after three I'm going to work I'm going to move on to the next

one okay so so it's not because I feel bad by any means five attempts would be totally fine too but you can set whatever number there that you would like as well so those are all ideas for adjustments here but I want to give you a basic flow with this now anytime a client has a potential objection okay

This is a general rule. So we're talking about the sales process right now. I want to step out of that for just a moment and say anytime there's an objection or even a potential issue with a client, I don't want you to try to resolve these over a phone call. I want you to resolve these over an email. I want it to be a phone call.

for this, I'm going to give you the first and biggest reason, whatever you say, whatever you write in an email or in a text message, it can be held against you. Now, not to say that a lot of clients are going to be legally holding it against you, but whatever you say, if you make a promise, if you say this, they're going to at some point say, well, you said this, so you should do this. That's number one.

So that by itself should be enough to make you go, you know what? Any of these types of more complex issues, I'm going to have a phone call with somebody, but there's a whole list of other reasons and it all comes down to miscommunication. It is so easy to misunderstand somebody in text and email. It is so easy to not understand their tone. How many times have you gotten upset at someone that texted you something and

You didn't know that they were making a joke and you didn't read it that way because you read it this way. How many times did they just say the wrong thing? There's so much opportunity for miscommunication in these written formats. I want you to skip it. Anytime someone has a sales objection, so they're not booked yet, they're in the process, they have a question, a concern, get them on the phone. Anytime an-

actual client has an issue, get them on the phone, but let's not do this over emails. You're only gonna set yourself up for problems down the road. Okay, let's jump to the next lesson. All right, so this one is a quickie. Your phone and timing are everything, so I'm gonna combine the two. So phone is the most amazing sales tool, but timing is also important.

I think you guys already know this because we've talked about the statistic quite a few times This was the study done by Zant We don't have to take these numbers as literal for our industry because this is a general this is a broad study That's been done, right? But we can look at the idea the premise that when we call somebody within the first five minutes it increases the likelihood of

contact by 100 times when compared to 30 minutes. And within one hour, look at the fall off. From one, like the chance of connecting with them is 12 times less compared to just two hours. Now, I don't think our clients are dropping off after 24 hours, like here it says zero.

I don't think that's possible. That's not us, right? That's not our industry. But what we can get from this is most certainly there is a huge difference between calling something back within five minutes, which is best, versus one hour, which is next best, versus 24 hours, which in my opinion is far too long. It's not even, I don't feel like it's an opinion. It's just.

the facts, okay? 24 hours as a response time is such a large window to get back to somebody and there's a good chance that this person has reached out to other businesses, other studios, maybe it was weeks ago, right? They could have been like putting out their information in multiple places so that other business it's not like they're getting back to them in a timely way.