Welcome to module 15. We are one away from the goal line and you're gonna dig this. I think what we're gonna do here, well, not I think you're gonna dig it, I know you're gonna dig it. It's gonna be a quick one. We're gonna dive in and just really talk about kind of some of the questions that we get when it comes to phone-based sales consultations, right? Like how quickly should I call my leads back? How often should I call my leads back? So we're gonna dive in and just really talk about kind of some of the questions that we get when it comes to phone-based sales consultations, right?

Often, when should I call them? How do I sell over the phone? What things change? And how do I kind of succeed over the phone? So I'm gonna give you some simple ideas, some techniques, as well as just some kind of tips on how to get more success out of your phone consultations. And really, you can apply a lot of this over to, say, Zoom consultations.

as well. If we're looking at like an in-person consult versus a zoom consult versus a phone consult, what I like to kind of have you keep in mind is is really level of patience, right? Somebody's level of patience in an in-person consultation is pretty high. On a zoom consultation it kind of drops a bit and on the phone consultation it drops to the lowest level.

So that's really what we're kind of keeping in mind as we go through this module. We're talking about techniques on how to address that effectively. Once again, this is fast paced. If you have any questions at all, just bring it right to our sessions. Remember the mentorship group best place to ask questions. You can it can be course related business related. It's also the best place to.

to seek advice, feedback from peers, to share your thoughts on different subjects, and of course, to share wins and aha moments. It's also the best place to find a role-play buddy. Remember, in the sales section, I'm encouraging you nonstop to find role-play buddies, because this is how you're gonna really master the material and make it yours. One more thing, I am working on some updates.

of the sales handbook. This is basically your summary of kind of all the material that we're talking about in the sales section of the course. It's not really meant to be read on its own but what it's meant to be is a reference guide because at any point in time I think it's gonna be challenging maybe even not really possible to basically pull up lesson material when you are in a classroom.

consultation right but most definitely you can have the sales handbook in front of you even on a zoom call you could have on the left side as a guide to kind of help you stay on track with things so it's meant to be there as a quick reference a quick resource even training material if you're at a place where you might bring someone on to handle sales for you it can do that as well

Okay, so be sure to use it. All of the summaries and scripts are included inside of here and I'm doing some updates to it as we go. All right, let's go ahead and dive into the first lesson. Stop the emails and pick up the phone. I know what you're thinking. I know this is an uncomfortable idea. I want you.

you to embrace it though. It's going to get more comfortable with time, especially as you practice and you do role plays. Sales does not have to be that thing you fear. I don't want it to be the thing that you fear because well picking up the phone, this is the single most powerful sales tool that you have. This was said by Grant Cardone, very famous sales.

person, I don't necessarily agree with all the stuff that he says, but in this area of sales, the man knows what he's talking about. And I couldn't agree more with this. This is a chance for you to actually have, well, a first differentiator that very few people are doing. Okay. And let me tell you what I mean by that. When you reach out to somebody with a phone, you're going.

to create a personal connection with them. That's the goal, that you create a personal connection, that you share, well, that you work to understand their values, their wants, and then how your solution fits those, and kind of creating a little bit of a, well, I do something different from others, right? That by itself is a differentiator. Stepping in to understand someone else and doing this.

over an actual conversation separates you from the crowd, and here's why. This past year, Chris thought, my business partner, he's like, I'm gonna do a little study of my own just to see how many other studios that are at our level, like successful studios, that are actually following good sales principles, okay? So he pretended.

tends to be a lead. This was all done for a good purpose, okay? And he submits to their websites through the contact form to see how many of these people will actually reach out to him. Now, somewhere around like half didn't even have automated responses to let the person, like to let Chris know that.

Yes, we have received your information. We'll be in touch shortly. So 50% didn't even have a basic message to confirm, right? Then he goes, nobody called me within five minutes. Not a single one. And this wasn't a few, by the way. I think he picked like 30 different studios. It was a decent sample size for this little test. He goes on.

Not a single one called me back within five minutes. He goes, I think maybe two called me back the same day. A few called me back within the next few days. So it was like two or maybe three days, but he's like only maybe 20% actually called me back. The rest did not call. The rest.

We're trying to basically continue the conversation via email and attempt to close and he was like and of those I had Probably at least 10 studios that just didn't even respond like they just didn't respond to the inquiry, right? Maybe business is so good for them that they don't need to respond back to people. Maybe it got lost in their inbox

Who knows? The point is, is the number of people that are actually making phone calls was, well, within five minutes was zero. Within like two to three days was maybe 10% of the entire group, okay? So if you're calling people.

Right away, yes, this is a huge way to differentiate your services. And I want you to keep in mind, this was not a study done of small to mid-level studios. This was a study done of the successful studios, the peers that we have in the industry. And that's how bad it was. So all that is.

say this is one of those fears that's worth overcoming because it's going to translate to every other aspect of your life too. I know that it's uncomfortable to start these conversations up to have a call like this, but keep in mind they want your services. They need what you're doing. What you're doing is meaningful.

And if I need a service that you're offering and you're willing to actually call me, to walk me through it, to help me understand what I need, what I'm looking for, to create a solution for that, that's valuable. And you should never feel uncomfortable about giving something that somebody actually wants.

something that they value something that they appreciate you shouldn't feel bad about making that call or about bothering somebody okay so all that said this is the actual lead workflow that that we've set up for our studio okay when possible i know sometimes this is not gonna be possible so treat this as like uh this is this is kind of

of what I would set up for ourselves. Um, this is kind of a, my version of what a best practice of what would look like, but you might make tweaks to this depending on your goals and where you're at. But look, call each lead within five minutes of receipt. This is your, your first goal. Okay. If that's not possible, you're going to call within one.

hour. If that's not possible then call during the next ideal window and I'm gonna give you that in the next lesson. With first contact usually I'm gonna spend 10 to 15 minutes on an initial consult because most people if we're talking about weddings they might not be ready for like a complete close which can usually take like 30-45 minutes plus.

right for for to close like larger jobs so first contact for me is usually 10 to 15 minutes second contact that's when we're going to do a full consult and that's when i'd encourage you if you're going to do a second you know uh second consultation right uh the second contact point make sure you invite the other stakeholders there so for me if it's a wedding uh and

I'm gonna ask hey, should we bring your fiance onto this so we can get their thoughts too and make sure you're both good to go Now they might say oh, I'm the one that's in charge of this But I'm gonna make the invitation in that first contact when I set up the second one Okay, so this is where I move to close in the second contact right in that second consultation And I'm gonna give you very

of this in just a moment because I know you're gonna have probably have questions about this. Now if I can't get a hold of them then after three attempts calling right so I try first in the first window I can't get a hold of them then I do maybe in the next one hour is not possible but I do the next open window right and that doesn't work then I try the next day at an open window that doesn't work. For me personally

after three call attempts, that's where I'm gonna email the pricing and experience guide. I'm gonna send them an email that says, hey, I tried reaching out to you. This, by the way, is my cell phone number in case maybe you didn't recognize it. I'm gonna go ahead and send you the pricing and experience guide, which is attached. If you have any questions, please let me know. I'd love to work with you. I'd love to hop.

a call so I can understand your needs and what I can do for you. I'm basically cutting them loose at this point. For me, after three phone attempts, I'm kind of letting the lead go. I'm not sending the pricing experience guide out thinking that they're going to reach back out to me. This is like I'm cutting the fish loose, okay? So I want you to