way, but in the time that it took for you to get back to them, they've already called and they've already booked and went with someone else. So when somebody sends you an inquiry, when it is top of mind, right? They're thinking about it right now. I want you to call them back. It makes so much sense why the five minute rule is so powerful is because I'm literally stuck thinking.

thinking about this problem right this moment, and then you called me back in the same moment. There's a good chance that I have the time, my thought process is already on it, and so this is why speed to lead is literally the number one rule in sales. Speed to lead. The faster somebody gets back to somebody.

There's, I think, they said somewhere around like 40 to 70% of sales, they simply go with the first person that reach back out to them. That's it. 40 to 70% of sales choices are based on the first people to reach out to them. That's crazy. So I want you to understand that and take this into account when we talk about that lead workflow.

why this is our goal to get back to somebody within five minutes, all right? And of course, when it's not possible, the next possible window. So what is that window? Generally, if we're talking about consumer portraits, the windows are this. Your ideal time is between four and six. Second ideal time is between six and 7 p.m. or eight and 10 a.m., okay?

That being said, if we're looking at certain industries, and this is based on your time zone, your area, you know, this is a general thing. And consumer portraits is like family, weddings, you know, that kind of stuff, because most of the people in that space, they have jobs that are occupying basically like their nine to five time window, right? So that's why these ideal times are best. And if you were to ask me.

I really like the 6 to 7 p.m. slot. I find that when I call people at like 8, 9-ish, they're in a rush to like get their day moving. You know, I don't generally have good conversations then. So I want you to kind of play around with this and figure out like what works best for you. For me, I love the 6 to 7 slot. It's people are off work. They have a moment. Their day is more relaxed.

they're kind of chilling and that's a really great time to reach out. A caveat to this, if you're in the brand portrait space, if you're in the commercial space, then I want you to generally stick to the five-minute rule inside of business hours, right? Because if we're dealing with other businesses, then you should be calling them during business hours essentially.

person reaches out to me and it's six o'clock or seven o'clock, I'm still going to call them right back. I generally follow the five-minute rule all the way up to 8 p.m. That was my rule for me when I was taking sales. After 8 p.m. I would call them back essentially the next day, the next business hour. But my thought there is even though it's outside of business hours, if they call at six

p.m. they're still working so why not me give them a call back shows them that you know I'm a hustler too I I'm working late too right so why not do that you set your own time frame but just understand that if we're talking about consumer portraits where people have nine-to-fives our time window is gonna be different if we're talking about someone that's in the business arena then we're actually trying to reach them during

business hours because that's when they're thinking about this kind of stuff. The idea here, let's get a hold of them when they're thinking about it and we know they're definitely thinking about it when their lead first pops in. Alright, that's it. Next lesson. So this lesson I feel like is kind of the the meat of this entire module.

I'm gonna give you 10 keys or 10 specific techniques and things to think about while you're having a conversation on the phone. And honestly, this is any sales consultation, but over the phone, certain things become more important because we don't get to see each other visually, okay? All right, so let's dive right into this. First, the buyer psychology.

When someone commits to say an in-person consult, right, they're generally gonna be more willing to put in the time and the energy. This is what I'm mentioning in the intro. Our patience level, when we commit to an in-person consult, we're kind of already in a commitment area, right? Our patience level is higher, we're expecting to have a longer conversation.

That's the mindset that we go into. On the phone, our croc brain is on high alert, that instinctual spot where we wanna keep things fast, we want things simple, we wanna know what's in this for me. We're just so on alert because of all the nonsense type of phone calls that we get, okay? So, and you've noticed that when,

Like you pick up a phone call and it's a number that you don't recognize and you're like, hello. And then you get someone that's like a friend and they're like, hey, is this a good time? And you're like, oh, I'm sorry, I thought you were a telemarketer or something. My bad, I didn't save your number. So we can feel that croc brain on high alert constantly. And that's really important to keep in mind as a salesperson.

because our goals have to be kind of in this order. Number one is we gotta get past that croc brain. We gotta quickly mention, hey, this is Pi, or hey, this is Steph, this is Meredith, this is Tamara. I'm calling from this photography. I saw your information that you just submitted and I wanted to get back to you as quick as possible.

That leapfrogs the croc brain because they go oh I asked for this this is something that's that's gonna be beneficial to something that I want right the second goal that we have is let's avoid the neocortex meaning like we want to avoid the neocortex generally in sales not saying like we can do a perfect job of it but we can we can generally do pretty good with this right but

But most especially during phone sales, because again, that's a space where we're usually not in the mind to dive into like these deeply logical, rational conversations. I got to look this up. I got to check this. We typically are not in the space to do that. So we want to avoid that. And obviously our goal is to keep them in the limbic system.

So that's really one, we get past the croc brain, two, we avoid the neocortex, and three, we stick in the limbic system with good questions. Okay. So we want to hold them there. We want to keep the conversation simple and focused on their needs. Your phone goals. Oftentimes on an initial call, you're not going to

be able to close, it depends on what you're selling. Sometimes, if you're selling portraits, oftentimes you will be able to close because it's a simpler service to sell, right? But if we're selling something more high ticket, if it's weddings, if we're selling something where we need to put together a complete collection, if we're putting together like a commercial pricing

or for a brand portrait session, usually we have to put together some sort of proposal and there needs to be a little bit of time to think about it or at least they need to see it. And that means that oftentimes, even if they're in the right space to close over the phone call, the first time we reach out to them, they might just not have enough time to do it all, okay? Which likely means that we set up a second call.

for this. So in your first consult the goal is really I need to disrupt and show value meaning I need them to think of me as different than others and I need to show value to them in this process and what I can bring to the process. If possible close the sale great but if not then we book the next phase. Now I put here it's an

person consult, but it doesn't have to be. It could be a zoom-based consult. It could be a longer phone call with both stakeholders there. But again, let's make sure that we set up the space to be able to close. And that means that if this is a product or a service that requires somebody else's consent, like if it's a couple that's hiring you, if it's a senior and they need their

parent to actually pay for it, then what we want to make sure is when we set up that next call, however it is, whether it's in person, Zoom, or on the phone, that both the stakeholders are there for that. So just be sure that we get there with this. So these are primary kind of objectives. Now I want to give you

techniques. So these are going to get more specific. I want you, key number one is, it is incredibly frustrating to get on a call to say yeah I have 15 minutes and then for the other person not to respect it. So I want you to respect their time but I also want you to respect yours and that's where I usually open.

with something like, hey, I have a few minutes before my next meeting, or I happen to have 15 minutes, I wanted to give you a quick call. So I usually launch into this and say, do you have a few minutes to talk about your event? This is right after I kind of introduced myself, I'll say this, right? So that way they know, I want them to get a sense that like, look, I'm following

the five minute rule and I'm calling them back right away that doesn't mean my day is completely free it just means that I happen to have a few minutes right now I saw you just reach out I want to get back to you as quick as possible. I'm going to respect that promise because even though I said I have 10-15 minutes they're kind of expecting the call at that point to last 10-15 minutes.

Right. So if I get to that phase and we want to continue I might say, you know I might be able to push my next meeting or I might be able to push this next thing Would you like to continue this conversation or would it be better if we scheduled another call? So I might ask that question, you know, like if we feel like okay, I could potentially click

close if we continue, right? Otherwise, I'm just gonna stick to it. If they mention a timeframe, like, oh yeah, I have five minutes, we're gonna stick to that. And we're gonna remember the goal here, the objectives was to show value, disrupt and show value, and then book the next session. That's it. So we don't need to get in.