All right, so this one is a quickie. Your phone and timing are everything, so I'm gonna combine the two. So phone is the most amazing sales tool, but timing is also important. I think you guys already know this because we've talked about the statistic quite a few times. This was the study done by Zant. We don't have to take these numbers as literal for our industry because this is a general, this is a broad study that's been done, right? But we can look at the idea, the premise, that when we call somebody within the first five minutes, it increases the likelihood of contact by.

100 times when compared to 30 minutes. And within one hour, look at the fall off. From one, like the chance of connecting with them is 12 times less compared to just two hours. Now, I don't think our clients are dropping off after 24 hours, like here it says zero. I don't think that's possible. That's not us, right? That's not our industry. But what we can get from this is most certainly there is a huge difference between calling something back within five minutes, which is best, versus one.

hour, which is next best versus 24 hours, which in my opinion is far too long. It's not even, I don't feel like it's an opinion. It's just the facts. Okay. 24 hours as a response time is such a large window to get back to somebody. And there's a good chance that this person has reached out to other businesses, other studios. Maybe it was weeks ago, right? They could have been like putting out their information in multiple places. So that other business, it's not like they're getting back to them in a timely way, but in the time.

time that it took for you to get back to them, they've already called and they've already booked and went with someone else. So when somebody sends you an inquiry, when it is top of mind, right, they're thinking about it right now, I want you to call them back. It makes so much sense why the five minute rule is so powerful is because I'm literally stuck thinking about this problem right this moment and then you called me back in the same moment. There's a good chance that I have the time, my thought process is already on it, and so this is why.

by speed to lead is literally the number one rule in sales, speed to lead. The faster somebody gets back to somebody, there's, I think, they said somewhere around like 40 to 70% of sales, they simply go with the first person that reach back out to them. That's it, 40 to 70% of sales choices are based on the first people to reach out to them. That's crazy. So I want you to understand that and take this into account when we talk about that lead workflow and why this is our goal to get.

back to somebody within five minutes, all right? And of course, when it's not possible, the next possible window. So what is that window? Generally, if we're talking about consumer portraits, the windows are this. Your ideal time is between four and six. Second ideal time is between six and 7 p.m. or eight and 10 a.m., okay? That being said, if we're looking at certain industries, and this is based on your time zone, your area, you know, this is a general thing. And consumer portraits is like family, weddings, you know, that kind of stuff, because most of the people.

People in that space, they have jobs that are occupying basically like their nine to five time window, right? So that's why these ideal times are best. And if you were to ask me, I really like the six to 7pm slot. I find that when I call people at like eight, nine-ish, they're in a rush to like get their day moving. You know, I don't generally have good conversations then. So I want you to kind of play around with this and figure out like what works best for you. For me, I love the six to seven slot. It's people are off work, they have a moment, their day is more relaxed, they're kind of chilling.

and that's a really great time to reach out. A caveat to this, if you're in the brand portrait space, if you're in the commercial space, then I want you to generally stick to the five minute rule inside of business hours, right? Because if we're dealing with other businesses, then you should be calling them during business hours essentially. If a business person reaches out to me and it's six o'clock or seven o'clock, I'm still gonna call them right back, okay? I generally follow the five minute rule all the way up to 8 p.m. That was my rule for me when I was taking sales. After.

8 p.m. I would call them back essentially the next day, the next business hour, right? But my thought there is even though it's outside of business hours, if they call at 6 p.m., they're still working, so why not me give them a call back? Shows them that I'm a hustler too, I'm working late too. So why not do that? You set your own timeframe, but just understand that if we're talking about consumer portraits where people have nine to fives, our time window's gonna be different. If we're talking about someone that's in the business arena, then we're actually trying to reach them during business hours because.

that's when they're thinking about this kind of stuff. The idea here, let's get a hold of them when they're thinking about it, and we know they're definitely thinking about it when their lead first pops in. All right, that's it, next lesson.