Welcome to module 15. We are one away from the goal line and you're gonna dig this. I think what we're gonna do here, well, not I think you're gonna dig it, I know you're gonna dig it. It's gonna be a quick one. We're gonna dive in and just really talk about kind of some of the questions that we get when it comes to phone-based sales consultations, right? Like how quickly should I call my leads back? How often? When should I call them? How do I sell over the phone? What things change? And how do I kind of succeed over the phone? So I'm gonna give you some simple ideas.

does some techniques as well as just some kind of tips on how to get more success out of your phone consultations. And really you can apply a lot of this over to say Zoom consultations as well. If we're looking at like an in-person consult versus a Zoom consult versus a phone consult, what I like to kind of have you keep in mind is really level of patience, right? Somebody's level of patience in an in-person consultation is pretty high. On a Zoom consultation, it kind of drops a bit and on the phone consultation, it drops to the lowest level.

So that's really what we're kind of keeping in mind as we go through this module. We're talking about techniques on how to address that effectively. Once again, this is fast paced. If you have any questions at all, just bring it right to our sessions. Remember the mentorship group, best place to ask questions. You can, it can be course related, business related. It's also the best place to seek advice, feedback from peers, to share your thoughts on different subjects. And of course, to share wins and aha moments. It's also the best place to find a role play buddy. Remember in the sales.

I'm encouraging you nonstop to find roleplay buddies because this is how you're going to really master the material and make it yours One more thing I am working on some updates to the sales handbook This is basically your summary of kind of all the material that we're talking about in the sales section of the course It's not really meant to be read on its own But what it's meant to be is a reference guide because at any point in time, I think it's gonna be challenging Maybe even not really possible to basically pull up lesson material when you are in a

consultation, right? But most definitely you can have the sales handbook in front of you, even on a Zoom call, you could have it on the left side as a guide to kind of help you stay on track with things. So it's meant to be there as a quick reference, a quick resource, even training material, if you're at a place where you might bring someone on to handle sales for you, it can do that as well, okay? So be sure to use it. All of the summaries and scripts are included inside of here and I'm doing some updates to it as we go. All right, let's go ahead and dive into the first lesson.

MBC 뉴스 이덕영입니다.