All right, one last little thing. So basic phone scripts, let's talk about that for just a moment. So in the sales handbook, right? We're gonna click this, we're gonna open this link. This is your sales handbook. I'm literally making modifications to this on a pretty regular basis, especially as we have finished V2. But what this is, is on the left side is you'll have this outline, okay? If you haven't already kind of dived into this, this is a little once over. Throughout all this, we have, I wanted to include like kind of summaries of most of what we're talking about in this.

the sales section of the program. That being said, I don't expect you to use this as like a, this shouldn't be a standalone thing. It should be used in conjunction with the lesson material, with the videos itself, okay? But when you get down to scripts, you have a standard wave script right here, which this is like the standard wave. It's everything that's bolded is kind of helping you understand like the traditional wave, what is it used for, like what is this setting, and it explains that. Then under this.

Under scripts and role playing, I give you full examples of what the wave might look like, say for a wedding, say for boudoir, say for family maternity pet, okay? So these are full console examples. With commercial and corporate clients or branding clients, the principles of it stay the same, but the actual what we say shifts a little bit. So I gave you examples of that as well, and there's also an example for cinematography because with cinematography, we're not thinking about a photograph.

on the wall anymore at that point we're thinking about like a video. So again principles all hold we just need to modify a little bit of the language and so I gave you examples of this and from here I also gave you objection handling as well we're going to do that in the next module. So your sales handbook is kind of the quick reference guide for all this stuff and it's one that like if there's any questions or if there's areas that are unclear please let me know we make modifications to it as we go okay but what I would say is your role play

are gonna be the place to put this all together, right? I always quote this line, perfect practice makes perfect. It's a line from Vince Lombardi that I think I shared with you way early in the course. The idea is you can't, if you practice something that you don't really know that well, then you're only gonna get really good at doing it poorly. Okay, you can become an expert at doing something bad. Most of us are experts at selling poorly because we've seen it done so many times. We know the way other people, when we step into the sales.

space that's what we do okay so what Vince was saying is that you have to learn like what does perfect look like and then you practice perfect because only perfect practice makes perfect all right and I love that idea you guys have the outlines of what this should look like and there's gonna be tweaks and modifications as you personalize but I'm gonna tell you this that the way that you you can understand this beautifully you can have a perfect

understanding, but your first times practicing it are going to be an absolute train wreck, okay? Your 10th time practicing is going to be a train wreck. You're going to be good at this, and then I'm going to put you under pressure one day, and then it's going to be a train wreck. There's so many variables that go into this, and what I want you to do is keep practicing. We do the role plays. I encourage you to find role play buddies. We also do role plays on occasion in the community itself. We do them so you can have these environments to make your mistakes, to act.

get clarity to actually get critique on what went well what are areas that I can improve and the goal isn't perfection but that after each role play I'm doing maybe one or two things better if you do that ten times if you role play ten times and after each one you do one or two things better by the tenth time you are gonna be a master at this process and this is one of those skills that I can't emphasize enough sales is the one skill that buys you time to work on everything else

sell to people if you can understand what they need and solve their problems you will always have revenue in your business so i can't emphasize the value enough in this space please find a role play buddy pause here go get somebody and uh we'll see you in the next lesson well actually the next module peace