So no obligation, but either way, you're going to walk away from this with value from the conversation that we have. How does that sound? Can we keep going? So, and then I just asked their permission. Now, what I just said right now, I'm just paraphrasing it all. Please don't feel like that's a script. None of this stuff is meant for you to like, Oh, I have to say it this way. It's to give you ideas of what we're trying to do. We're trying to alleviate the objection, the concern, right? The belief behind this, when somebody says like, yeah, but I want to know the price, the belief behind it is I can't afford this service. So we're addressing the belief, right? By saying most of my.

will spend around this. Okay, that's usually going to solve it. All right, now we can talk more specific objection handlers when we get to the next module, but that should be good enough for now. Just understand that key number two is if they have a major, you know, kind of hang-up, we need to resolve that. Now most of the time this comes in the form of price, but maybe there's something else they have a burning question about, which is why before I jump into the wave, I'll ask, hey I have this visualization exercise that I like to do to help me really understand what my clients value and from there I can figure out what is the best package, the best solution for them. But before I get into that, do you have any burning questions for me?

Right, and I just leave it right there, so anything they have on their mind, we get out right then, and then I have their permission to basically go into the wave. Key number three is, I like to do this as often as possible, disrupt their thought process and what they might typically expect, right? Most photographers are gonna be really annoying, not wanting to share pricing, not wanting to, you know, they don't, they haven't gone through this program, they don't understand like, price is not something that we should be ashamed about. So they withhold, they withhold or they say, oh, when you come in, you know, I'll share the prices with you, or when you do this, that's really annoying kind of stuff. So, so anytime.

Anytime I can say, anytime I can differentiate myself or disrupt a thought, a belief, then I'll do that. This comes in a number of ways. One with the wave is I'll sometimes introduce the wave and say, okay, this exercise is a bit odd, but I want you to stick with it for a second because it's really gonna help me to understand you and your values. That's a disruptor because nobody else is saying something like that, right? If I said, most photographers, if they say, they ask me about price, right? And I say, most photographers are gonna make you come in to learn their pricing. I find that kind of annoying. So I'm gonna respect your time. I'm gonna do something a little bit different. Or I'm gonna respect your time by giving you the price now. And then I would simply say, my prices start at this.

most of my clients spend this, right? These are both examples of basically disruptors. So anytime you feel like, hey, there's the way that they're thinking is this, this is the common belief. And I could say something here that would shift that belief that would help them to understand I'm different. You have my go ahead, my thumbs up to just go with it. I want you to disrupt their thought process from what they're typically expecting in this. You can do that again in other ways too, just being your genuine self is very much a disruptor as well. All right. But I want you to think of it as that. Key number four is to uncover their values, speak to who they are and what they actually want.

We're gonna use the wave for this. And then after we've kind of stepped into that process, after we've described how understanding their values, we've played out their values, we've gotten their ideas from it, we've talked about how the solution kind of fits their values, and we've designed this whole collection around what they want and they value, right? At that place, we set an anchor. As your photographer, isn't it critical that I know what you want and value in your photography? Like, could you imagine someone picking up the camera without knowing these things? How do you know they'd capture something meaningful to you?

And phrase this, do you see, however you want, right? It's an anchor. It's simply basically a preloaded question to get them to realize, oh, it is important that my photographer actually understands me. That's something to consider in addition to price. I shouldn't only be looking at price when I compare these services. This is another form of kind of, you can call it an anchor, we can call it a disruption tool, but it's something there to get them to kind of start thinking, okay, I have how much I wanna spend on this side, but I have what kind of service I wanna get on this side. These two conflicting beliefs, they need to be resolved.

and we need to help them to understand what they're actually doing in hiring a photographer so they can resolve that. Key five, I want you to keep the pace up. Okay, so that means like we don't want these phone consultations to slow down too much. These typically are a bit faster in overall cadence. You don't need to try to make it that way by the way, just understand that they're generally a bit faster in cadence and if they have to go, we're going to invite them to that next step. So again, going back to that idea of that goal, like our objective is to differentiate and then invite them to the next step, right?

consultation but it can be a Zoom consultation, it could be another phone call, it could be in person but we keep the promise. You mentioned you only had 10 minutes for this call, I want to respect that. Why don't we set a date, how about this Thursday at 7pm and let's hop on Zoom, let's have your husband there so we can have a conversation, I honestly want to do the same exercise that I did with you with him and really spend a little bit of time there to figure out what he appreciates and values. Don't you think that would be useful too, like aren't you curious what he might say? Oh yeah, I would love to know that. Okay, so how does Thursday at 7pm work for you? Once somebody who's rushed...

gets the sense that you understand they're rushed and you're setting up the next call, you'll immediately see their pressure settle. They're like, oh, good. They understand that I have to run right now. We're gonna set up the next call. So we wanna make sure that we follow that. Now, getting into some more of the kind of, like getting a little bit more tactical, right? Body language is important regardless, but it is absolutely huge on the phone. Something strange happens when I start leaning back and trying to engage you in the same way that I was just a second ago, right? My tone starts to get more.

My body language is more relaxed and and everything kind of follows suit with the posture that I have in fact If I kind of stop smiling if I stop kind of bringing the energy to it You can also feel it and just like like see it in my face almost and you can feel it in my voice, right? The issue is that this comes through on the phone We don't necessarily recognize it because we're not seeing the other person, but it most certainly comes through So as you can tell as soon as I start to sit up and I'm not trying to I'm not I'm not trying to force More energy into the way that I'm speaking right now. I'm simply actually bringing my body language back into this. I'm

I'm actually using my hands, I'm using the motions, and now I'm even gonna start smiling again as I talk, and you're starting to hear the energy going up, and I'm not intentionally doing that, I'm literally just trying to bring my body into the conversation. So what I want you to recognize is that body language still matters, which means when you take a call, you're sitting forward and you're engaged in your posture. I want you to speak with a little bit more energy than you normally do, like kind of present, I don't want this to come off as fake, I want you to just, I want it to be you, but 30% more you, okay? Think of it that way. I want you to smile through your words, and I actually want you to be dressed in a way.

that's appropriate, meaning like, look, if you work in a t-shirt and pants, that's fine, but I don't want you to be in like your undies and your hair's not done and you haven't done anything and we might even go into this one topless because hey, they're not gonna see my face. Like, it's gonna come through in your voice, okay? So let's dress for work, you know, to our creative standard, if you will. I know that our creative standard's a little bit different. Jeans and a t-shirt. But body language matters. Okay, a lot of this is gonna come through with just your sitting forward, your body language. But you can also bring more.

or of the energy in with this sing-song voice that varies in tonality. I don't think you need a lot of examples of this because it's literally what I do through this entire course, okay? To make the course interesting for you, I'm not only sort of creating a melody with my tone, kind of going up and down, but I'm also connecting the words where needed, I'm pausing, and then I'm giving you time to kind of like take in a next sentence as I vary the pacing and the speed. All of this makes it more interesting, more engaging to actually listen to than if I were to simply talk at this speed and this tone and just go with this, because I could just present this way, I could just present.