in a very monotone way, and it's all the same pace, and really I'm gonna just keep talking and presenting the same information, and I'm even gonna just not vary the speed of it, so I'm gonna keep the same speed, and you're gonna see that this gets very, it not only drones, but it's very boring, and it also comes off as really robotic. But I could literally say the exact same thing. I could say, I'm gonna speak to you in a monotone way right now, but I'm actually not really gonna make it monotone, and this is gonna feel really different because it won't feel robotic, even though I'm saying the same robotic things, it's actually gonna be different. So this is sing-song voicing, okay? And it's something that is just.

Like any other thing that you're gonna practice, this is just something to practice. You can literally, I like, honestly, talking in a way that's interesting regardless of who I'm talking to, okay? And sometimes the casualty of that is my wife will say, are you selling to me right now? And I'm like, no, I'm literally just talking to you right now. But I like the way that I talk to be interesting so that you don't fall asleep on me because I have a voice that is very deep and people say that they always fall asleep when they listen to my voice and I'm trying to prevent that. Key number eight. I want you to create some scarcity and some urgency. And again, you know, creating that idea that there's value in your time, value in your services. So I want you.

to avoid phrasing that has no value, no urgency to it. Hey, I'm free anytime tomorrow, would that work for you? That is like salesperson's death nail. Do not ever do that. I mean, honestly, it's a business person's death nail. Like, don't make it so that their time is valuable, but your time isn't. What we're gonna say instead is, I have a 30-minute window tomorrow at noon. Does that work for you? Okay, very simple, and if it doesn't, then you're simply gonna say, okay, I have another window on this time. If that doesn't work, give me a few times on your side that work, and let me see if we can make it work on my end.

but don't just say oh well I'm free next week. What time next week works for you? That creates a very one-way dynamic in the relationship. Okay, key number nine, any important point that you want them to feel, that you want them to bring in, that you want them to shift a belief, you're simply going to ask a question, an anchoring around that idea. Now I've given you the anchor question about the wave, right? You mentioned wanting this, having that moment captured as an image on the wall of your home so we finish the whole wave process, like knowing how to create this solution. We've done a

all that right and then we go as your photographer wouldn't it be crazy if I didn't know the things that you value as we go into your photo shoot look I didn't say this line this is the line that I gave you right here as your photographer isn't important I know exactly what you'd appreciate in value I said something different but it's the exact same point wouldn't it be crazy if I didn't know all of these things that you value how would I even approach your shoot that would be crazy I never even thought about that right I don't whenever I want someone to understand an idea when I want them to shift a belief I don't take the belief

and shove it into their head, okay? You do what we learn in psychology. You ask a question. That's why psychology's so annoying. You're like, Jesus, my therapist does not give me any answers, all they do is just ask you more questions. But what they want is the goal of that, and I do think that it's overdone at times, but the goal is to, if I give you something, if I shove something into you, there's resistance there. But if I give you an idea and I give you the space, you can shift the belief on your own, and that's much more powerful that way, right? There's a lot of different kinds of beliefs, okay? Look, I'm gonna.

give you the example, I think I mentioned that one that popped up and I realize, oh there's Cole Wallace, there's stuff from, I'm just going to pull it up and show you because I can show you the beliefs that are attached to something. So let's go to the mastermind group, okay. And here was the objection that I was mentioning, right, so I'll read it out. This was on one of the posts where I was saying join us for the three day boot camps and Richard said three days is a huge time commitment or investment. What's in this for you? All of these free webinars and workshops have sales pitches at the end of them, it's like really long timeshare

sales pitches, what's the offer you make at the end of it? I did read the FAQs, you're not doing this and getting nothing in return, so what's in it for you? What do you want from us? Now, funny enough, I mentioned, like when I said I love objections like this, and Richard goes, I wasn't posting an objection. Far from it, I was asking for transparency. This is literally an objection, and there are multiple beliefs inside of this. The first belief is three days is a huge time investment. The first belief is my time is valuable. You should have that belief. That is a good objection, right? The second one is what's in this for you?

This could be a scam. Another valid belief, this could be a scam. All of these free webinars, workshops have sales pitches at the end. The belief there, many webinars and workshops don't offer value, they're just sales pitches. They're just fluff. Like really long timeshare sales pitches. That's a belief. What's the offer you make out of it? Like the belief is, I know that you're not just doing this for free, which is correct. Like there are beliefs to every single piece of this, but the objection is the entire thing, right? If I want to resolve any of these,

I would do it by asking questions it sounds like you feel this three-day bootcamp could be just another webinar or workshop that offers fluff and just tries to upsell you is that true yes I totally get that I want you to know that this is not that I'm gonna give you three days of value if you want to keep working with me by all means you can but is that something that makes you feel more comfortable we it's just asking questions it sounds like you're busy and you don't have a lot of time to put towards something like this so you want to make

Make sure it's valuable to you. Yes, thank you, thank you for recognizing that. And so this is any time we have something that's important to them, any time we wanna anchor something, make them realize and potentially shift a belief, we do so with a question. So I'll often say like, this is not that. I'll often say like, oh, I'll address the concern. Oh, I know that this is one of the concerns. I want you to recognize that this is not this thing and this is what I'm gonna do for you and you're gonna have an amazing experience. And then the question is, knowing that, does that make you feel better? Knowing that.

at, does that resolve the concern? Okay. So you can do this throughout everything, but at a minimum, I'd like you for at least to anchor the value of what you did with them in the process of the wave. At least anchor that, but you can anchor a lot of stuff. Okay. Key number 10, before you end the call, we're going to try to accomplish as much of the possible, as much of the following as possible, right? Close a sale if possible. We've at least book a date and time. If we can't close the sale, we have a date and time for the next consultation. We know their values and needs. We've shown them how we're different and we've anchored the value of our service to what they want to.

what their values are. These are the goals. If you accomplish these things, like I'll have alumni all the time will say like, I had a call and I didn't get to close them on the call. And I go, but did you check off the rest of the list? And they're like, well, we didn't book another time for this because they just said they need a couple days to think of it. I go, but did you show them that you understand their values and needs? Did you show them how they're different? Did you anchor your value for your services? Do they understand? Did you disrupt? Did you do all these things? And they go, yeah, I think so. I go, okay, there's a really good chance they're gonna book anyway. Ideally, it would have been better if we had set a follow-up time. So kind of treat this as like, we do as much of this as possible.

And it's a learning process. When someone doesn't close, I generally like to just say, okay, why don't we do a follow-up in a week? It gives you guys a time. Or why don't we do a follow-up in three days? It gives you guys time to think about it and to maybe speak with some other people. I'd love to actually come on and let's chat about it. I want to help you find the best fit. So how does Friday at this time sound? If you've done these other pieces, they'll not only book for that consult, they're likely going to go with you. Because it's very rare, it's very rare that someone else can do this. So chances are that if you can, then that's already enough of a differentiator.

On top of that, you're already doing good work. All right, this goes back to that concept. Remember what we said earlier, way, way earlier, when I was like, why people buy, right, at the very beginning of the sales module? Because they like you, because they resonate with you, they trust you, they share your values. This is why that's so powerful and why they're gonna likely call back. All right, let's go on to the next lesson.