So this lesson I feel like is kind of the meat of this entire module. I'm gonna give you 10 keys or 10 specific techniques and things to think about while you're having a conversation on the phone. And honestly, this is any sales consultation, but over the phone, certain things become more important because we don't get to see each other visually, okay? All right, so let's dive right into this. First, the buyer psychology. When someone commits to say an in-person consult, right, they're generally gonna be more willing to put in the time and the energy. This is what I'm mentioning in the intro, our patience level. When we commit to an in-person consult, we're kind of already in a commitment.

Our patience level is higher, we're expecting to have a longer conversation. That's the mindset that we go into. On the phone, our croc brain is on high alert, that instinctual spot where we want to keep things fast, we want things simple, we want to know what's in this for me. We're just so on alert because of all the nonsense type of phone calls that we get. And you notice that when you pick up a phone call and it's a number that you don't recognize and you're like, hello, and then you get someone that's like a friend and they're like, hey, is this a good time? And you're like, oh, I'm sorry. I thought you were a telemarketer or something, my bad, I didn't save your number. So we can feel that croc.

brain on high alert constantly. And that's really important to keep in mind as a salesperson because our goals have to be kind of in this order. Number one is we gotta get past that croc brain. We gotta quickly mention, hey, this is Pi or hey, this is Steph, this is Meredith, this is Tamara. I'm calling from this photography. I saw your information that you just submitted and I wanted to get back to you as quick as possible. That leapfrogs the croc brain because they go, oh, I asked for this. This is something that's gonna be beneficial. This is something that I want, right? The second goal that we have is let's avoid the neocortex, meaning like we wanna avoid the neocortex generally in sales.

I'm not saying like we can do a perfect job of it, but we can generally do pretty good with this, right? But most especially during phone sales. Because again, that's a space where we're usually not in the mind to dive into like these deeply logical, rational conversations. I gotta look this up, I gotta check this. We typically are not in the space to do that. So we wanna avoid that. And obviously our goal is to keep them in the limbic system. So that's really, one, we get past the croc brain. Two, we avoid the neocortex. And three, we stick in the limbic system with good questions, okay? So we wanna hold them there. We wanna keep the conversation simple and focused on their needs.

Your phone goals. Oftentimes on an initial call, you're not going to be able to close. It depends on what you're selling. Sometimes if you're selling portraits, oftentimes you will be able to close because it's a simpler service to sell, right? But if we're selling something more high ticket, if it's weddings, if we're selling, you know, something where we need to put together a complete collection, if we're putting together like a commercial pricing, like for a brand portrait session, usually we have to put together some sort of proposal and there needs to be a little bit of like time to think about it, or at least they need to see it. And that means that oftentimes, even if they're in the right space to close over the phone call, the first time we reach out to them,

and they might just not have enough time to do it all, okay? Which likely means that we set up a second call for this. So in your first consult, the goal is really, I need to disrupt and show value. Meaning, I need them to think of me as different than others. And I need to show value to them in this process and what I can bring to the process. If possible, close the sale, great. But if not, then we book the next phase. Now I put here it's an in-person consult, but it doesn't have to be. It could be a Zoom-based consult. It could be a longer phone call with both stakeholders there. But again, let's make sure that we set up the space to be able to close. And that means that if this is a product or a service that requires somebody else.

does consent, like if it's a couple that's hiring you, if it's a senior and they need their parent to actually pay for it, then what we wanna make sure is when we set up that next call, however it is, whether it's in person, Zoom, or on the phone, that both the stakeholders are there for that. So just be sure that we get there with this. So these are primary kind of objectives, okay? Now I wanna give you techniques. So these are gonna get more specific. Key number one is, it is incredibly frustrating to get on a call to say, yeah, I have 15 minutes, and then for the other person not to respect it.

So I want you to respect their time, but I also want you to respect yours And that's where I usually open with something like hey I have a few minutes before my next meeting or I happen to have 15 minutes I wanted to give you a quick call. So I usually launch into this And say do you have a few minutes to talk about your event? This is right after I kind of introduced myself I'll say this right so that way they know I Want them to get a sense that like look I'm following the five-minute rule and I'm calling them back right away That doesn't mean my day is completely free. It just means that I happen to have a few minutes right now I saw you just reach out. I want to get back to you as quick as possible I'm gonna respect that promise because even though I said I have 10

10, 15 minutes, they're kind of expecting the call at that point to last 10, 15 minutes, right? So if I get to that phase and we wanna continue, I might say, you know, I might be able to push my next meeting or I might be able to push this next thing. Would you like to continue this conversation or would it be better if we scheduled another call? So I might ask that question, you know, like if we feel like, okay, I could potentially close if we continue, right? Otherwise, I'm just gonna stick to it. If they mention a timeframe, like, oh yeah, I have five minutes, we're gonna stick to that. And we're gonna remember the goal here, the objectives was to show value, disrupt and show.

value and then book the next session. That's it. So we don't need to get into the weeds. If we have five minutes, I want to give them a basic version of the wave, tell them how important it is that we do this in full, that we plan out and understand what their values are so we can plan the shoot and then book that next consultation. Okay? All right. Key number two, most leads, they're going to want to know the price right away if they didn't see that thing on your website. If they saw the prices start at and clients typically spend, that satisfies most, I would say. But there's going to be some people that don't see that. When people don't see...

that when they don't know when they have no idea it's it there's a good chance that they're going to ask what is the price that's okay we want to give them the bone okay we we don't want to treat this like remember the idea the analogy that i give is like holding back price with somebody is like you know trying to uh to to pull a bone out of a dog's mouth it's just not a good idea you're going to get bit so we want to do is is is give them the bone if you want to see a real life example of this you can literally go look uh in our facebook group and there's an objection from richard uh from richard he posted an objection to one of our ads and i responded to it

Because his objection was like, but what is it going to cost me? Right. It was for like a three day bootcamp and I basically linked it and I said, you know, you can, the eventually we'll be talking about the mentorship program. The three day bootcamp is entirely free. You can see all the details of the mentorship program with the price right there, he then comes into our group and he proceeds to harp on, but what is the price, but what is the price? Because he didn't read it. So you can literally see the bones stuck in his, in his mouth throughout the process. Right. And this is natural. It's not something to be offended by. It's not something to be upset by. It's a human nature is, is, is some people.

or nicer about it than others, but it is natural to want to know what can I expect from this? What is the expected cost? Even if it's not exact, give me an idea so I can wrap my head around this. So that's all we do. If they ask that question, we just give them the bone, right? Sure thing, my prices start at, and most of my clients spend around this on their package. But if you do have a few minutes, I'd love to learn about what you're looking for, help you find a good fit, and from there I can give you an exact quote, okay? For most, that's good enough. For some, they might say, well, can't you just give me that exact quote now? Or something along those lines, right? They want more. And this is where I just give them.

a simple idea, this is kind of like buying a car. If you come into my dealership and I'm trying to get you the right car for you and you keep asking about price, I don't know what to tell you because our cars can range from $20,000 to $80,000 and I don't know what it is that you're actually wanting. So that's my goal. That's why I say prices start at and most of my clients spend around this. If that is in the ballpark for you, then let's continue this conversation because by the end of this, I think I'm going to not only understand what it is you're looking for, I can help you as you move forward and you try to find the right fit, I can help you in that process so you hire the right photographer for you.