Okay, we're moving on to step six now, which kind of signifies the next section of the program. Step six through 11, this is really where we dive into our marketing efforts. What we're gonna be doing throughout this section of the program is we'll be talking about these pain points, these topics, like how do I market my business? That includes how do I generate leads, build relationships, all of that. What does an overall marketing strategy look like? That's a big part of specifically this module, this step specifically. We'll discuss the idea of content marketing and why content marketing is so valuable, and also compare it against kind of like paid ads because that is another marketing route that you can.

and explore. We'll also discuss the role of SEO as well as AEO. AEO is basically AI search engine optimization or AI optimization, okay? We'll talk about that. We'll talk about how search engine optimization works and how it's gonna guide our overall marketing strategy, but how it's not gonna necessarily be our focus. And then we'll go ahead and we're gonna set our actual primary and secondary or niche keywords as we finish this up. We'll talk about kind of how to choose them. Let's go ahead and get straight into this. I'm gonna again give you a bit of a heads up. This is really fast paced. So I encourage you to pause, to implement, to repeat this process as you go.

What again, I like to say is this entire program is not meant for you to sit down and shotgun Just like watch an entire Bundle of modules and then go try to put it together It's meant for you to watch a lesson and implement and then go on to the next lesson So I want you to kind of take that approach as always if you have questions in between sessions You have the mentorship group perfect place to ask questions to seek advice If ever you're you're you want me to respond to something feel free to tag me if you don't get a response within 124 business hours tag me again. Sometimes post can get lost. But just remind me It's also a wonderful place by the way to share wins and aha moments. So with that let's dive into the very first lesson

