professional who already knows how to do this to be able to implement it for you to actually be very effective. So there's a lot of things on that side that might prevent us from going this route. But the idea here is that you're renting time and space to get those eyeballs. When you stop paying, you're no longer getting those eyeballs. Now why would we want, say, paid ads or why would we want content marketing over paid ads? And we're going to talk about the disadvantages too, okay? It's not like one of these things is just the...

king of all things, right? So the first thing, advantages of content marketing over paid advertising is that generally you have a six times higher conversion rate, right? Now, this is a little bit of a, well, we'll talk about that in just a moment, okay? Up to 600% higher conversion rate with this side. The reason why is because as you're giving people value and you're helping them, you're showing them what you do, you're giving them inspiration, you effectively are creating more consumer trust. This is something that they're actively.

interested in, they like to see, it's not just an ad that's served to them at a time that maybe they're not that interested in that thing, right? Or they're not ready yet for a purchase. So there's a big difference in terms of the psychology and seeing an ad versus seeing a piece of content that we appreciate, that we enjoy, right? It's also effective as a long-term asset. And you might go, well, but Pi on social media, if you post something, it's pretty much buried within a couple of days. First, that's not necessarily the case. Those will get served up over time.

even on social media, whether it's YouTube, whether it's Instagram, they get served up over time. But the other thing too is that you're not only relying on like, you're not only using the views from those videos, you're also building an actual audience there, right? People that are following you. So if you have 10,000, 20,000, 30,000, 40,000 people following you and a future bride or a future, you know, portrait client sees that, there's a lot of trust there in the fact that you already have a lot of people at your party, okay? So this is a long-term asset, seeing.

It's one form of credibility, of social proof that your party is full. It's not the thing that matters most, but it is one form of social proof. So at a minimum, we're still building that, right? So we get long-term assets out of this, and I'm gonna teach you how to make it even more effective long-term. It's also free, and what I mean by free is it's not necessarily free all said and done because it does take your time, but what I mean is there's no out-of-pocket cost, right? Which is a big deal when we're just launching our business, and maybe we're struggling to like, we don't wanna.

to keep spending on things like paid ads, especially if we're not sure if it's gonna be effective yet, right? We wanna keep expenses low. There are disadvantages, and this would be the advantage of paid ads. When it's done effectively, paid advertising can result in an immediate result, okay? That was a weird way of saying that. But the effect of paid advertising can come very quickly versus content marketing generally has a bit of a runway. We need to be doing it consistently for two, three months

before we start seeing an effect, all right? So that is the biggest advantage to paid ads is that side. Also the ability to put the ad directly in front of people that are basically in the exact phase that we need them to be in terms of buying, right? There's an ability to target. Targeting your audience is much more clinical and precise in a paid ad versus say organic where it's served to people that have a general interest in something, okay?

and we don't really have much control as far as who sees it. All right, but here's another why of content marketing. I took this screenshot towards the, it was about a year ago, the beginning of 2024, and I was showing basically our website traffic over the slowest three months of the year. So this is search traffic just from Google Console over the 28 days, and what I wanna show you is there's 1.3 million impressions, and the reason why I'm not showing you like a version of this right now is because it's...

We are using some paid ads right now. I want you to see only organic views right now, or from the screenshot. So this is only organic traffic. We had 20,000 total clicks, 1.3 million impressions, 19,000 unique visitors, and 274 of them converted, okay? This is on a website that we haven't worked on in years, like literally since probably 2018, 2019 was the last time we touched the website. We haven't generated content for the website in years. We haven't done anything with this, and it's still generating.

rating views, and if our goal was to, again, maximize revenue from Lininger, so the first place I would go is, well, if we've got 20,000 visitors, let's build a system to get better conversions. I wouldn't even look at trying to get more impressions. Let's raise our conversion rate. But again, for us, it's, we're at a different place in our business and whatnot. What I want you to understand is that these five years later, the work that we had done on the marketing side was still having a massive impact on our business.

our views, our leads, everything. This is the beauty of content marketing and why I don't want you to dismiss it. There's another beauty behind this. I'm gonna show you an entire system of how to do this. I'm gonna show you how to make effective shorts. I'm gonna show you how to make effective articles. I'm gonna show you all of it. But let's show you one side of, this was when I was publishing for Adorama TV. They brought me on to create shorts for them and all I did was use my framework to create different videos that would.

appeal to their audience, right? So people that are interested in photography, people that are interested in gear, all that kind of stuff. The circled ones, five natural light portrait tips, you know, park portraits with open shade, light painted portraits made simple, these are all the videos that I created. Notice how next to them, these videos are performing 10, anywhere between like five to 20 times more views than their typical. Their typical number of views was somewhere in like the 10 to 20,000 range. I actually picked this screenshot because.

Most of the time they're never even approaching close to 40K. It's more like, you know, between 10 and 20K that they would receive. But look at the performance of these ones. 270,000, 104,000. And the only difference here is content that's designed with a bit of purpose behind it. And I'm gonna show you that entire approach. I took the same model and I applied it to friends that I was coaching. Like this was a business that I was coaching. She asked me to help her like understand social media better. So what I did was, this was a few years ago. What I did was I took the exact.

same video that she had and I rewrote the material based on what I'm again gonna give you. And we published the same video 10 days later. So it wasn't like we waited a while. It was like the exact same topic, the exact same video 10 days later. It did 87 times better. So 870,000 views compared to 10,000 views. My friends, this takes all of 30 minutes. These are videos that are recorded with a phone and it's simply good ideas, good material.

Life Coach, so she's giving a simple lesson on something. With the right approach, you can generate substantial amounts of views. And for context, if I was paying for 870,000 impressions, that's a lot of money. I would probably need to spend around, well, it's a lot. Let's just say, I'm gonna throw a ballpark number out there, this isn't even an accurate number, but let's say that we're paying $5, or more realistic, let's say $10 for 1,000 impressions, okay?

Okay, $10 for a thousand impressions. This would have cost me, so a thousand times 873,000. That would have cost me $8,700 to do this. So what I want you to see in this is that organic marketing when it's done well, those views are valuable. And on top of that, that there's a, I wish I would have built this slide in. I need you to understand that the number of views is not necessarily the most important thing. A lot of us get down on something

when a video only reaches or something that we post only reaches 250 or 500 people. But if you think about that, that's huge. 500 people is enough to fill an entire lecture room, an entire stage where the people, all that matters is that those 500 people are actually interested in what we're saying. What's far more important than the views is the targeting. It's the way that we're creating the content, making sure that it appeals to our target audience. Because if you get 500 views on something that is direct.

directly related to your client's experience and what they're looking for, you're gonna get conversions, okay? You're gonna get leads from that. So I don't want you to get lost in this. What I simply want you to understand from seeing this is that with the right framework, holy crap, we can get so many targeted good views out of social media, and I don't want you to sleep on that idea. None of this, by the way, required any sort of dancing, anything goofy. This is literally just giving thoughts, advice, speaking to the pain points.

that the audience is having okay now if you need another reason why so here's why part three why not start with paid ads well this is my take is that until you understand your audience until you understand ad copy and creative high converting landing page design and paid until you understand all those components uh paid ads are generally going to be a waste of money now what i've found is that typically somebody needs around two to three years in their business