these assets across social media this is how we we effectively distribute right we can send it out through emails we can also use it for collaborating with partners as well so leverage in a nutshell starting with one piece and then basically breaking it into multiple pieces and the reason why this is so powerful is because most people think at this level most of us start backwards with our content marketing approach right we just go what should i be posting to social media what should i you know how should i reach out

out to these vendors? How should I collaborate with somebody? Most of us think from this approach and nothing is guided, which means that we're not creating any long-term assets. There's no vision of how we're gonna use these components. And what we're doing is just grinding our way to views and hopefully leads. And even if you manage to get leads, oh my goodness, this approach is working 10 times harder for the same amount of result, okay? So think, you know, working 40 hours a week as instead of.

hours a week, and yet you generate the same number of leads. So again, the reminder, this is exactly how we built out LinenJersa. It's exactly what we do for each of our brands, each of the companies that we work with. Yes, it works. It's how you get long-term marketing assets into your business, and yes, it works for our alumni as well. I want to get more than just Tom in here, but Tom last year was implementing all this stuff and he jumped from 57th to top 10 within his niche in a very short period of time.

and this continues to have results. Now think of this as a snowball effect, right? If I can get you to rank for even images in Google, if I can get you to pop up for an AI search, if I can get more views and more eyeballs to your business, it's not just about those views and those immediate leads that come through. Once you get those leads and those bookings, you get to go on those shoots and you're creating more content from the shoots itself. So you're now generating more marketing from that. And then.

and you're also collaborating with people. You're meeting people on a shoot, maybe other venues, maybe vendors, maybe they're just potential partners, maybe you're just expanding your network. So as I get you out and you're getting paid to go and do these shoots, you're also building more marketing assets to utilize. So it's not just about the one side of getting more views or just jumping up in your Google ranking or any of those things. This is about how it impacts, how one thing from the top can have a snowball effect moving down. And remember, the whole concept of the program is 1% better.

better every day. This is how we get there, okay? 1% better every day over the course of a year, two, three, four years, it'll make a massive difference. You'll be in a completely different place in just a matter of months. So the leverage framework is basically a balanced approach to marketing. What we're doing is we're using social media kind of as our short-term marketing lever. This is how we get immediate views, how we get people onto our business right away. And then we're kind of building in, we're starting with like this long-term.

approach, right? This is the SEO, the AEO content ready piece that's going to have effect over time. We have lead magnets that can help us to generate leads over time. This is kind of the longer strategy that's built into this while we have the short-term strategy kind of, you know, at whatever social media might be popular at the time. Right now most of it's going to be on Instagram, but that could shift, that could change. So leverage is kind of a balanced approach for this. We're working on short-term views while also balancing long-term.

long-term marketing, okay? One more time, if we have no niche, or if you have multiple niches, if we haven't figured out steps one through five at this point, you're gonna start seeing how it's impossible to do this, because marketing without a niche is virtually impossible. You don't know who you're talking to. You have to create, or even if you're marketing with multiple niches, right? Oh, you mean I gotta create this for my wedding client? I also gotta create this for my senior portrait client? Oh, I also gotta create this for my headshot client? We don't have enough time, and we become spread too thin very quickly.

and if we are constantly publishing topics that vary all over the place, it doesn't look like we know what we're doing or who we're speaking to. So this is, again, the place where we have to really dial in, okay? Now, I know you want examples of the leverage framework. I'm literally gonna give you the entire framework in just a moment. And as far as lead magnet goes, lead magnets are like, let's say you are an elopement brand, right? And maybe my focus is elopements in Paris.

Well, one of the most common things that my clients would want is the elopement guide to Paris, like how to plan the perfect elopement. So not only would that be an article on my website, but once I'm done with the article on my website, then I would actually put it into a lead magnet. So when someone lands on my website, they would get a little pop-up that goes, Hey, would you like my elopement planning guide? And then they can put in their info and then, you know, I get their phone number, I get their email and then I send them the PDF guide on how to plan. So it's a valuable asset.

That helps them in their client journey. Okay. Now let me show you the actual leverage framework. So what we're going to do is lead with strategic content. So the L is lead with strategic content. That means we start with an SEO or AEO ready, high impact resource that's valuable to your audience and your potential clients. This is going to land on our website. Then the E we expand it into long form content. This one's going to be optional. This is long form would be like YouTube or.

or you could even do longer Instagram videos and whatnot. But what's nice about these is they're great for embedding onto your website. And again, don't stress the entire point of having modules six through 11 is to give you actual tactical steps on how to do every single one of these things. Right now, we're keeping this high level focusing on what we're gonna be doing throughout the next series of steps so that you understand the premise, okay? So I'll show you how to expand it in the long form. This one for me is kind of a non-negotiable.

and to viralize it, the V is viralize it with short form content. So we take that big article and we start breaking it up. We can usually get four to five different pieces of short form content for social media out of one single article. So if this was the elopement guide to Paris weddings, then one piece of this might be, here are my five favorite locations for this in Paris, right? And it might be a simple piece from this lead magnet, from the article that would go into my short form.

Okay, I'm gonna give you more examples also as we go. So don't stress if I'm like Pi, my niche isn't that. Don't worry, we're gonna apply this to every one of your niches. I'm gonna give you the tools to do that too. Then we can take the same content and we can build it into an email or nurture sequence. So when somebody actually signs up for our newsletter, our PDF, we can actually take the same material that we've been putting onto our website and just copy paste into a nurture sequence or into an email sequence to welcome them and say, hey, welcome aboard, I have this guide.

And now you have an actual client experience where they registered and they're like, oh, as soon as I registered, you know, Karen sent me this beautiful guide that showed me exactly what the next steps would look like and what could help me in this process. And we start building relationships with people that we haven't even talked to yet. Next piece is to repurpose and reshare. The beautiful thing is all the content we're creating, we're gonna house into a content library where you can easily access it, where you can share it, where you can continue to reshare over time. When you've published something to social media, it gets about.

60, maybe more like a 30-day window. So usually around the 60 to 90-day mark, that's a great time to republish something that did well. Ideally, when you republish it, you make a slight tweak to it. Maybe you adjust the hook a little bit. Maybe you use a different piece of music. But you can republish because people that are coming to your social media, they're constantly changing. And it's not like your entire audience is seeing everything you publish anyway. So publishing something 60 or 90 days after it was first published is totally doable. It's what it's made for. Short-form content is meant to be reused.

So we're building a library of assets in this, then we're going to amplify via partnerships. So whenever you featured a vendor, a venue, a location, anything, you can literally reach out to them, say, Hey, I just featured you in this last social media post or on my website. I even gave you a link back. I'd love to sit down for coffee. Holy shit. Now you've done something beneficial for them upon reach out. And of course they want to have coffee with you because you're already helping them in their business. You've already linked to them. Plus, if you start cracking on social media, they're going to be.

Be like, can you show me how you did this? And believe me, they'll be sending you business just to help them in theirs, okay? This is also where we wanna grow the community. So what we wanna do is make sure that each call to action that we're using is bringing people into our own email newsletter, okay? Think of all the audiences, Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, these are rented audience. Just because people subscribe to you does not mean that they are your audience. It's YouTube's platform, it's Instagram's platform. Always think of it as I'm.