because 97%, that idea, the referrals are 97% lower and people are going to AI instead of regular search engines to find businesses and other things that they're looking for, right? So overly relying on this is gonna completely destroy a business now. That being said, today it is still a part of our strategy. So it's a piece of this puzzle. And I would say it's also the guiding piece of this puzzle because what we wanted to do is it's.

going to guide the topics and the strategy that we talk about. It helps us to know what our clients want to understand, what they're trying to learn, right? So what this means is we're not going to get lost in the weeds of SEO. What we're going to do is focus on the basics and be flexible to adopt new strategies, and I'll keep you always on the cutting edge of those strategies. Our goal with SEO, remember the idea of it, it's optimizing your website and your content to match what your audience is looking for. This is the value of it. It.

It's how does it guide the marketing? It tells us what topics actually matter. What people are typing into AI search or into SEO tells us what topics matter to our clients. And so those are the things that we should be talking about through our website, throughout our social media, throughout our lead magnets, everything. Okay. All right. So with this, let's go just a bit deeper into SEO and understanding the basics of it. I'm not going to...

to go into any of the weeds. Again, we're going to keep it high level. We're going to come up with our strategy, but there are a couple of simple terms that I want you to understand. So two simple keys to really understanding SEO optimization. It comes down to two components. Okay. One is keyword strategy. All this means is what is the keyword that someone's typing in, right? What is the, what is the question that they're typing in the search? It, this is what defines the category of an article or whatever the content is that we're creating. The second.

piece of SEO is just website authority like this is how relevant is your website there's there's kind of ways that we create each of these right and i'm going to talk about those but this is all it is it's what are we talking about what's the category and how likely is this person to be right that's all a search engine is trying to figure out okay so what is a keyword these are just phrases that help a search engine to know what it is that you're actually looking for on the user and on the

website or the content end it helps the search engine to know hey this article satisfies this question it helps it to line these things up right so examples of keywords and this was always a confusing concept to me I was like why did they call it a keyword when it's a phrase a keyword is one word keyword is a word but San Francisco wedding photographer is not a keyword that's a phrase but yeah when people say keyword they generally mean keyword phrases it can be one word but

it's also a phrase, okay? So this would be a keyword, San Francisco wedding photographer. Someone that types it in a search is looking for a wedding photographer in San Francisco. New York portrait photography. So again, looking for a type of business in a specific location. They might also be looking for inspiration. They might type something like, what are the best wedding venues in Los Angeles? Or the best engagement locations in Utah? Now I know these are only wedding related, I'm gonna give you more examples. So keyword strategy is just kind of building a.

group of phrases that you want to target in your business. It's really simple. Okay. What are the, here's my audience, my niche, my keyword strategy is just the things that these people are searching. We break that into an idea of a primary keyword or a secondary or niche keyword. I like the term niche keyword better because again, secondary keywords makes it makes me think that like you can only have one of those and that's not the case. A primary keyword is something.

Broad, okay? It's, say for example, San Francisco wedding photographer, New York portrait photography, you know, Utah family photography. Those are broad keywords. Keywords that maybe a lot of people would be searching, but there's also a lot of businesses that are trying to compete for those. So we generally want one of these. If you want two, I'll let you take two, but one is usually enough. Usually if we're gonna pick a second one, it's a variation of the first, okay?

And we'll get into the exact details of that in a bit as we go through the design process. Niche keywords, however, are unlimited. These are specific phrases that someone's typing in based on their client journey. So some examples of primary versus secondary, right? A primary keyword, Los Angeles pet photography. This is broad. They're looking for a general business in an area. New York family photography, Salt Lake City wedding photography. These are all broad terms. There's gonna be good.

search volume, so a good number of people are searching for this, but there's also a good number of people competing for these search terms. Broad keywords are generally what we try to design the homepage of your website to cover. It's a broad keyword that encompasses your overall strategy or positioning, but it's not that important. I'm going to talk about why in just a moment. These are the keywords that are more narrow, and they go into, say, your article.

Your resources if you want to put it under your blog, that's fine, too, but I prefer it under kind of a permanent page Or Not a permanent page. We'll talk about in a second. But these are unlimited. So it's how do I choose a wedding photographer? I was gonna say the perfect wedding photographer, but what are personal branding portraits tips on posing newborn babies for photos? The search volume for each of these is gonna be lower But it's a lot more narrow and focused

So not only is there less competition for these terms, the people looking for these answers are going to be very specifically targeted to what we do. So if we provide them value, if we give them answers in this journey, we're very likely to convert them. Now here is the big piece of this. Most people, they're going to find you from niche or these secondary keywords, meaning like because these are less competitive.

that's where most people are actually going to enter your website from, is from these articles and resources. The primary keyword is just a long-term goal. In fact, it's a long-term goal that we're not even going to spend much time on getting. You're going to get it over time naturally by doing the things that you're going to do to build your business. So we're not even going to worry too much about that. What we're going to do instead is focus on all these ways, these niche keywords that we can use to quickly have an effect on our business. So understand that most people will enter your website.

not even through the landing page, but through possibly Google image search, or possibly like a regular search, or possibly an AI search, all of which takes them to a blog entry, or it takes them to a resource page on your website. That's where the majority of our views still come from, is from all of our niche topics. Okay, so the other component, remember how I said, what is, let's see, the strategy, the two simple keys here is the keyword strategy. That's keyword.

strategy okay we have a primary keyword we have niche keywords that just defines the category of what it is that we're talking about the other component here is website authority this is relevance that means if someone writes an article on you know how to plan for your newborn photo session and you also write an article on how to plan for your newborn photo session then website authority becomes the difference maker between who shows up first in this order it's you think of it

as like the website authority is, what is the likelihood of these people being right? If they have more authority, the likelihood of them being right is higher. The way that this is done, it depends on a number of things, right? But the way that website authority works is it determines the rank or order that these websites are presented from search based on the topic that's entered. And what it depends on are all of these items, the website and the content quality. So it's actually looking, like if you've got a shitty website.

that's factored into this. Again why we tackled that in steps one through five. If you've got misspellings on your website that's factored into this. If the quality of your content on your website is not great, if you're writing for search engines instead of for people, all of these factors will slam your website authority. But other things that matter too is the number of inbound links. Think of these like referrals from other people.

vendor or if another pet photography business links over to you and says hey check out this work that boosts your authority think of it like a digital referral okay the way that a search engine thinks is well the more people that are digitally referring this website the better that website must be just like an in-person referral if I refer another business they must be good right number of outbound links

These are links that go to other websites. These are links that go in well We'll talk about internal linking structure as well But outbound links kind of send a little bit of your link juice outward, which is great That's how we're gonna kind of give a little bit of link juice to other Businesses and bring them in and say hey I even linked to you. I gave you a link right here on my website It's valuable having those links Okay, the internal linking structure can people find pages in your website from another one Is there a footer that guys?