right? The key in this process is knowing exactly who that person is that you're marketing to. It's knowing what they want, what they might fear, and how your offer fits them meaningfully. But that's, again, all the things that we accomplish in steps one through five. It's again why I'm saying if you haven't completed those steps, there's no point in moving forward. Now, overall, the strategy that we're going to do is or what I would say a good marketing strategy is think about it like a table that has four

or more legs. I don't know why you'd have more legs on a table, but you could. So the idea is that if a table has four legs and you remove one leg of it, it can still stand on its own, right? That's the premise here that I want you to think of when it comes to your marketing strategy. And what that means is I don't want you to be over-reliant on any one particular thing. If you build a table with just three legs, then as soon as you remove one, that table's gonna flop over, right? And none of us would build a table with one leg. But you get the idea. The more.

in your marketing plan, the more one thing can fall away without overly affecting the business. So here is what a funnel could potentially look like. If we're looking at, this is a funnel, it's a way of basically, what we're essentially doing since you started the program, is we're building the top end of this funnel. Meaning like, this is the place where people learn about our brand, and we start giving them a reason to click in to continue down this funnel. Where next step might be, okay, now.

We have their contact info, now we do the sales call, now we close or they enter into our newsletter if they don't close. This is a funnel, right? So we generate a process of getting leads and you can have a number of different steps. What I gave you was a very simple idea of a funnel. But at the top end of this is all the things that we might do, all the marketing efforts that we might do to actually generate views, right? So you have content marketing, organic search, paid ads, lead magnets, giveaways.

Local search, I think I doubled up on organic. So let's say AI search, events and shows, client referrals, vendor referrals, partner referrals, venue referrals, Instagram, Pinterest, YouTube. All these are different ways that you can generate views. Now, at first, this looks very daunting. And the first thing I'm gonna say is some of these might not even apply to you based on the niche of photographer that you are, right? But the fear is, well, am I gonna have to do all of these things? It's gonna take me forever to learn.

this. It's going to take me 20 to 40 hours a week to do this. The idea here is very simple. What I'm going to say is marketing does not need to take all your time, but it does need to be something that you don't absolutely hate, and I'm going to help you to not hate it. And it's going to be, like I said, as simple as showing what you do. And what we're going to do is start with one, okay? Start with one within the framework that I'm going to give you, and then you're going to layer one leg of your table after another to kind of

build up this strategy that's not overly reliant on one place. Now for each of you, the legs that you choose to build might look a little bit different, right? The way that you build this table is going to look a little bit different from somebody else. And I want that to be the case because I want your table to fit the things that you enjoy doing most. There are certain things that I will say are kind of, some are kind of non-negotiables, but even then what I really want you to understand is if you decide if you, if this is your strategy.

your table and you say, you know, pie, I really hate social media. I will tell you, okay, that's a, that's a big leg. In my opinion, it's a bit of a non-negotiable, but that's okay. You want to take away that thing. First, I want you to take it away for the right reasons, but let's say you want to take away that thing. Then you need to lean into something else harder. So if you're going to take away one important aspect of this plan, then you might need to lean harder on say client referrals, vendor referrals.

partner referrals, something else to compensate. But what we don't wanna do is build a business that's only one thing. One of the things that I constantly see right now is coaches encouraging photographers to build a business purely based on paid ads. Now, there's nothing wrong with incorporating paid ads into your marketing strategy. The issue is that when your business is purely reliant on paid ads, you live and die by the effectiveness of those ads. And if and when, which this is always the case,

that paid ads go from being effective to less effective over time. As soon as they become less effective, your business no longer is functioning. And if you don't have a runway, it can straight up fail. So I don't mind you choosing any one of these things, even paid ads. What I just want you to consider is we wanna build something that is, has multiple lead generation sources that are going into our funnel, not just one, okay? But again, we're gonna start with one. I'm gonna give you an approach and a framework on how to do this. The exact steps.

of what I would do, but this is the overall goal and what we're here to do in steps six through 11. All right, let's go to the next lesson. Let's go into what is organic marketing versus basically the idea of paid marketing, right? Paid ads, and why not basically start with paid ads, okay? So first, I'm going to ask this question of which party would you rather go to, right? If these were two parties, if this is one that you walked by on the street and this is one that you saw. If this is one that you saw.

you know, at a stadium, everyone's having fun. Which of these two things would you rather go to? Now, most of us, if we're talking about a party and we're not looking to get murdered, would probably choose the one on the right, right? We want to choose the restaurant that's already busy. We wanna choose the place, maybe not overly packed, but at least has some people in there. We tend to find that it's a bit of a red flag when, you know, we see a business and nobody is patronizing that business. Nobody's going to that business, right? A restaurant with no people in it, a party that doesn't have a line.

or we can't even tell that there's people inside, all those things. This in a nutshell is content marketing. Jose said, yeah, sometimes a few of you have responded with like, I would go to the one on the left. And Jose said, my survival instincts are terrible. Yes, don't do it. Don't do the one on the left, just for the sake of principle and staying alive. Look, content marketing is basically the idea of just creating valuable content for your audience while making your party feel full.

right, and along the way we're basically generating long-term marketing assets, which means a long-term marketing asset is something that continues to pay dividends, even if you're not actually actively working at it, right? Paid ads, these are only effective so long as you're paying for them, so they're short-term marketing assets. Whereas content marketing, everything we're gonna be doing is gonna become a long-term marketing asset, so something that's gonna pay over time. So what are examples of this? And don't worry, I'm gonna give.

view concrete guidance through all this and very tactical guidance. But just at a high level, making your party look full can come from all these different ways, right? We could be publishing and talking about paid client shoots. We could be showing test or concept shoots. We don't have to say they're test shoots or concept shoots. We just show our work, right? These are shoots with friends and family. Again, we don't have to distinguish who it is that we're photographing. Styled shoots, contests and giveaways, purposeful spec work. This is like, you want to get a fitness.

brand, so you're going to do some fitness shoots with an influencer or something to create the material that you would need to approach that brand. All of these are examples of how you can make your party look full, make it look like you're busy because you are busy. Whether it's you're shooting with, whether you're working with paid clients or whether you're practicing for the work that you want to do or generating content for the work you want to create, the clients that you want to bring in, you are busy, right? So that's the idea of this. What I want to say...

is this content marketing is generally only effective. So this is the big but behind it. It's only effective when you're showing imagery or providing inspiration value that resonates with your target audience. This is why I'm huge into this idea of like look, I don't want you just to go out and plan test shoots and go to these workshops and go to these conferences just to go and build your portfolio when you don't know who you're actually marketing to.

because there's a huge chance, a 90% chance, that the images you create are gonna have nothing to do with the actual audience you're trying to appeal to. So understand that content marketing, whether it comes in the form of imagery, whether it comes in the form of an article, whether it's a post, I don't care what it is, it's only effective if it resonates with your target audience, which means we have to know who that is, right? The other thing I'm gonna say is this. I want you to think of content marketing, we kind of have that idea, this long.

term marketing asset, right? When we look at paid ads, I want you to think of it as like renting. Okay. You're renting a direct marketing effort. So you're renting the, the platform, whatever platform you're choosing to basically get these views made for you, right? To get, to get people to act quickly. So we think of paid ads as a short-term marketing asset and they can be very effective. The, the only trick is you need a course much like this one to really, or, or a professional.