before they really know their audience, before they really know what resonates with them, before they truly have defined their niche and their approach and the value that they're doing. Like it takes us a few years to understand this. So in my opinion, the best way to learn paid advertising is actually to understand organic marketing. Because organic marketing is this beautiful window. If you've got a piece of organic content that lands and you're like, man, this thing, this thing performed 80 times better, 10 times better, 50 times better.

than my average, then you go, okay, now I'm going to make a piece of paid ad content that follows the exact same approach with a call to action on it. Now you have a very effective paid ad and you, you got there by basically making organic content. So in my opinion, organic is actually the best filter for what it is that you want to do in terms of paid content. It's also the best training machine for it too. And you're, you're benefiting along the way.

Last thing I'm gonna say is this, and this number, I think, is actually low. I think we're closer to 40 million, but I asked Justin to safely, conservatively, come up with what we've generated in terms of studio revenue over the past 15 years. So we're, conservatively, we've generated over $30 million of revenue before we ever touched paid ads, meaning we did touch paid ads early. We just sucked at it. We got no result from it, and so we quit. And so we focused purely on just organic.

marketing over those 15 years, uh, until like just this last year. Now you might be asking like, why this last year are we doing some paid ads? Like I said, think of marketing as that table, right? If we're going to say, okay, the partners are busy with families. Now we're, I'm working on education. Justin just wants to do the management side. Chris wants to build other things and all of us want to spend more time with our families. And if, if none of us are willing to do the organic content side anymore,

then we have to give up something, right? So in our position right now, it's like, okay, well, we've already done all this. We'll let that stuff continue. And right now we'll supplement what we don't wanna do with paid ads because we know how to do it at this point. So that's the only reason that going into 2025, we've kind of are like kind of shifting our focus a bit. And since 2019, we've just been lazy mother effers. We just been like, okay, we're doing fine. We don't need to do anything. But look, I need you to understand that this was all.

accomplished from organic marketing efforts, okay? There's so much potential here that you can do. And I'm not saying you need to build a seven figure studio at all. What I'm saying is don't sleep on this. Don't sleep on organic because most people do and they don't realize what exactly they're giving up, okay? The focus here throughout this program is to teach you organic marketing. My goal is to help you build this lead generation funnel that continues to deliver value over time. Now what I will say is this. If you.

want to go into paid ads, I'm not gonna focus this program on it here because honestly, we would need to have a completely separate space, a separate coaching environment to do paid ads because there's so much there to cover. From landing page design to how to put together creative copy, how to put together good creatives, what do you do in offers, how do you actually analyze results, how do you modify running multiple campaigns, A-B testing, there's so much there that this is a separate program and there's so much potential here that we don't need it. So.

So I won't say not to do it, but if that's something you want to explore, this is my suggestion, my advice to make it effective. So number one is make sure, make sure, make sure your brand is dialed. So you've completed steps one through five in this program. In fact, you can think of everything inside of 10K, 2K as the prerequisite to ever doing that, okay? To ever doing paid advertising. Because if you don't have the ability to, well, like steps one through five, convert views into leads, okay? Steps six through 11.

Let's have leads coming from other places other than paid ads. So we're not overly reliant on it. So it's not live or die by paid ads and steps 12 through 16 is, or 15 is closing. Right. If you can't close again, what's the point in running paid ads? So all the stuff here is basically the prerequisite for it, but. Required, required, required is, is steps one through five. You need to also have an offer that's dialed. This is conversion design. Okay. This is a bit different than like designing a homepage of a website. This is landing.

design or conversion design, which is a different, uh, strategy. We need three months of ad budget runway, which means that on top of like the expense of say, hiring somebody to help you or going to a coach, an educational program, you need to have at least three months of ad budget runway where you're not expecting to make money. I would recommend finding a trusted coach or program. I'm actually trying to figure out, uh, on this side, like who we can potentially bring in if those of you that want to go somewhere, someone that we can recommend on that.

side, but for right now, uh, let me just leave it there. And then only effective while paying, we have to remember that it's only effective while paying and that adds fatigue with time, meaning you need to understand that once you have a paid ad that's working, I hear this all the time. Someone says, oh man, I just got to get my paid ads dialed. And then once they're done, I'm just going to keep running them, keep scaling them. That's not the way paid ads work. As you scale a paid ad, it becomes less efficient. And over time it becomes less efficient as well. You're.

ability, the, the entire premise of, of doing paid advertising is all about. Efficiency design. It's all about how do I boost conversion rates by a small amount, because that makes a massive difference overall. So ads are going to fatigue and you're constantly going to be in the process of revamping and tweaking and adjusting. This becomes your focus in your work. When you're going this route, I don't want to discourage you from it. I want you to have a clear picture of what this is so that you're not. Convinced by someone.

that this is your silver bullet. There is no such thing, okay? There is no silver bullet. What I'm giving you, in my opinion, is the silver bullet. It's the one that, and even then, I would qualify it and say it's not that because it still takes a substantial amount of time, but once you're generating organic content, it's this thing that's gonna continue delivering for your business over time. I'll show you how exactly we're gonna do it. Okay, I think we're done here. Let's jump to the next lesson. Okay, let's start getting.

bit into the weeds with top-down marketing design. And the first idea is what is top-down marketing design? So, as I mentioned, this entire module is about building a kind of content marketing roadmap, okay? We're not gonna get deep into like the nuts and bolts here. We're gonna save that for the next module. What we're doing is staying high level and we're building a roadmap of what these marketing efforts are gonna look like. The reason we're doing this is because of this pain point.

This isn't an unrealistic pain point. I just don't have enough time. That is a very realistic thing, right? We don't have enough time to spend 40 hours a week trying to push our brands. So we do need to budget some time each week for marketing, but we need to make sure that system is efficient. And that's the entire premise of top-down marketing design. So this is how we basically took Lin & Jersa from zero to a multi seven-figure-a-year business by doing this over the course of like.

two, three years, okay? And you're gonna get results quicker. I'm saying we didn't hit the $2 million mark until like our fourth, fifth year in business. But our second year in business, within the first year, we actually had replaced our income. Second year in business, we were making more than we were making at our jobs. This is exactly the structure of how we did it, okay? The concept is one of leverage, okay? And that's why I named the framework Leverage. The idea behind this is we're gonna create one,

valuable piece of content, and then we're gonna leverage that piece of content and repurpose it to maximize the effectiveness of it, okay? So leverage in a nutshell, and I'm gonna give you the steps of this in just a second, but this framework in a nutshell is we take one valuable piece of Evergreen SEO-ready content so what this would be is like, let's say you have an article that would go onto your resource page on your website or it could go into your blog as well. But maybe it's, you know, how do I find the

perfect wedding photographer. Maybe it's how to plan a family portrait shoot. Maybe it's what do I wear to my boudoir session. It's something that helps your client in their journey. It's something that answers a question that all of them are asking or wondering, right? We start with this piece and we create it for the website first because then we can allow it to start getting effectiveness or gaining effectiveness in both SEO and AEO. SEO is search and optimization. AEO is AI.

engine optimization, okay? So we allow it to start being kind of popular, like crawled and used and all these different high level functions. Then what we do is we take that same piece of content and we start breaking it down. Maybe we wanna do a long form video for YouTube. Maybe we wanna break it, like to me, a non-negotiables, like let's break it into short form videos for social media. Maybe we're gonna put it into our newsletter. Maybe we're gonna create a lead magnet from it. Then we go even further. We can repeatedly.