Let's start with just kind of setting the tone for what we're gonna do here by talking about what you've accomplished so far in the program, okay? So the first issue, 90% of us, the majority of us, we kind of ask this first question or this is the first bottleneck, the first major thing we run into is, well, how come I'm struggling to consistently attract the right leads, the right clients to my business? How come I'm having a hard time converting them into high paying clients? We've resolved this. The entire.

first section of this program was to fix this, so steps one through five, let's go ahead and fix that leaky bucket and remember the idea of pushing into marketing, pushing into steps six through eleven, the idea of marketing before you've actually established a brand that can convert views into actual leads, that's like trying to capture water with a broken bucket, right? So that's our leaky bucket syndrome, but at this point your bucket should be good to go. It doesn't mean that your website is perfect, it doesn't mean that everything is perfect.

Everything is the way that it absolutely needs to be. We're trying to get over that perfectionist mindset and get it to 80%. In my book, 80% means you've got a brand that looks professional. It means that you've got the right focus. You know who you're speaking to, who your audience is, and the copy as well as the imagery and content on your website, on your social media, it reflects that. So once you're in this place, and of course, we need to have calls to action and all the other things that we kind of set up in the last modules we did the website. Once you have those.

basics in place, you're 80% there. So that's the place for me where I'm like, you know, you're good to go. These 20% adjustments and kind of getting things just right, that's gonna be something that you do over time. And I also want you to accept the idea that there's no such thing as perfect. You're always gonna make little tweaks, or want to at least, but they aren't gonna move the needle necessarily. Getting everything in your business from zero to 80% in terms of like branding and design, that's something you can accomplish within like, say,

40 to 80 hours of work, right? But getting it from 80% to 100%, not only is that rather impossible, but instead of 40 to 80 hours of work, that additional 20% might take you four to 500 hours. And we get to a place where it's just, the juice isn't worth the squeeze. And once you're at that 80% mark, that's no longer your major bottleneck. Generally, once you get the business to that professional level, then our bottleneck becomes, well, now we need more views.

we need more eyeballs. And that's where we move on to this next phase. So at this point, your bucket should be good to go. If not, what I'm going to say is pause here, continue this section if you want to watch the lessons by all means, but I wouldn't recommend implementing until you've actually completed steps one through five. Otherwise you run into leaky bucket syndrome. So like I mentioned, the next bottleneck, once you have a decent, not perfect, but a decent brand presence and website, the next bottleneck is going to be, well, how do I drive?

views, how do I get more traffic over to this so that I can convert them into actual leads? And that brings us to the next problem that we're gonna run into, right? And this is usually the first problem that everybody says they have. The first thing is, well, how do I generate consistent leads, how do I get more leads? This is the thing that is the largest pain point that we generally think we need to fix when we jump into like starting a photography business is I've launched my business, how do I get more leads? But we had to do the groundwork before we can.

and actually effectively do this. Now though, steps six through 11, I can show you exactly how to do this, and that's what we're here to accomplish. So these steps is gonna be, well, generating a consistent marketing pipeline that becomes high-paying clients, okay? So the goal here, I'm gonna primarily focus on showing you how to organically drive tons of the right views to your brand and website. What I mean is organically versus artificially,

usually would be like paid ads, right? Paid versus like organic views, that's what we're gonna be here focusing on. Now, I will be completely honest, generally when we are in this phase where we're struggling to generate consistent leads, what we tend to think the mindset issues, the self-limiting beliefs that we run into is what you see here, okay? It's thoughts like, well, I just wanna take pictures, I don't wanna market my business, I'm a creative, I'm not a business person. I kind of need you to step into the role.

of being a business person. And truthfully, the fact that you have to market is actually a good thing overall because that is the barrier to entry. It's a significant barrier to entry that's gonna make you stand out because the majority of photographers who say they wanna do this professionally, they never actually end up really marketing themselves at all. And so this is a very easy way to stand out, oddly enough. The idea of I can't market, I don't know how. Well, that's what step six through 11 is gonna literally show you how to do step-by-step and in an efficient way.

Okay, the idea that lead generation is too expensive. It's really not especially when we focus on generating long-term assets We're gonna build marketing assets that deliver value to you over the course of years So lead generation does not have to be expensive The idea that you hate social media. You don't want to dance Okay I get the perception of this but that's not what social media has to be nor what I'm gonna be teaching you to do Social media is going to be simply showing what you do showing your personal

personality connecting with your audience and once you kind of get past the idea of it and once you get past maybe a little bit The workflow and how to do it It's actually gonna be a process that I think you the majority of you is gonna find Enjoyable and it gives you direct feedback on your business, which I think is really cool and fun This idea of well, even if I get leads, they're just gonna ghost me No Because steps 12 through 16 is the entire sales roadmap so that once you're getting leads You're actually able to convert them in a very effective way

Okay, I don't have time to market my work. This is a big one, right? And that's why this entire structure of our marketing system is something that I expect to maybe take four to six hours once it's established. When you're establishing this process, I will say it's gonna take a bit more time, but once you're getting it moving, once you understand the process, I want you to be able to complete it with basically like an hour a day tops, or you can even front load and do the work at certain times, okay? So like once a week, you do your most of your marketing work.

The other idea of SEO, AEO, all this stuff is complicated. I'm almost gonna make this as simple as possible. I'm gonna give you tools and everything along the way. So we're gonna address all these components as we work through. All right, let's jump to the next lesson.