Okay, I think this is an important one. What is marketing and marketing strategy? Let's spend just a brief minute here. So marketing, I want this to be a really simple concept, something that you can internalize and not make it to be this monster that's really bigger than it is, okay? Making it simple, marketing is getting people to care about what you're offering because they see the value behind what you do. And made maybe even more simple, marketing is just showing people what you do, okay? That's the entire premise here. And what we're gonna do is wrap that up in a couple of different ways that are actually effective. But ultimately, all we're doing when we're marketing.

marketing is showing people what we do and why it can be valuable to them, right? The key in this process is knowing exactly who that person is that you're marketing to. It's knowing what they want, what they might fear and how your offer fits them meaningfully. But that's again, all of the things that we accomplish in steps one through five. It's again why I'm saying if you haven't completed those steps, there's no point in moving forward. Now overall, the strategy that we're going to do is, or what I would say a good marketing strategy is, is think about it like a table that has four or more legs. I don't know why you'd have more legs on a table, but you could. So the idea is that

that if a table has four legs and you remove one leg of it, it can still stand on its own, right? That's the premise here that I want you to think of when it comes to your marketing strategy. And what that means is I don't want you to be over-reliant on any one particular thing. If you build a table with just three legs, then as soon as you remove one, that table's gonna flop over, right? And none of us would build a table with one leg. But you get the idea. The more legs in your marketing plan, the more one thing can fall away without overly affecting the business. So here is what a funnel could potentially look like. If we're looking at, this is a funnel, it's a way of basically, what?

What we're essentially doing since you started the program is we're building the top end of this funnel, meaning like this is the place where people learn about our brand and we start giving them a reason to click in to continue down this funnel where our next step might be, okay, now we have their contact info. Now we do the sales call. Now we close or they enter into our newsletter. If they don't close, this is a funnel, right? So we, we generate a process of getting leads and you can have, you know, a number of different steps. What I gave you was a very simple idea of a funnel, but at the top end of this is all the things that we might do, all the marketing efforts that we might do to actually generate views, right? So you.

have content marketing, organic search, paid ads, lead magnets, giveaways, local search, I think I doubled up on organic. So let's say AI search, events and shows, client referrals, vendor referrals, partner referrals, venue referrals, Instagram, Pinterest, YouTube, all these are different ways that you can generate views. Now, at first, this looks very daunting. And the first thing I'm gonna say is, some of these might not even apply to you based on the niche of photographer that you are, right? But the fear is, well, am I gonna have to do all of these things? It's gonna take me forever to learn this. It's gonna take me 20 to 40 hours a week to do this. The idea here is very simple.

What I'm going to say is marketing does not need to take all your time, but it does need to be something that you don't absolutely hate, and I'm going to help you to not hate it. And it's going to be, like I said, as simple as showing what you do, and what we're going to do is start with one, okay? Start with one within the framework that I'm going to give you, and then you're going to layer one leg of your table after another to kind of build up this strategy that's not overly reliant on one place. Now for each of you, the legs that you choose to build might look a little bit different, right? The way that you build this table is going to look a little bit different from somebody else, and I want that to be the case, because I want your table to look a little bit different

table to fit the things that you enjoy doing most. There are certain things that I will say are kind of, some are kind of non-negotiables, but even then, what I really want you to understand is if you decide, if this is your strategy, your table, and you say, you know, Pi, I really hate social media. I will tell you, okay, that's a big leg. In my opinion, it's a bit of a non-negotiable, but that's okay. You wanna take away that thing, first, I want you to take it away for the right reasons, but let's say you wanna take away that thing, then you need to lean into something else harder. So if you're gonna take away one important aspect of this plan.

then you might need to lean harder on say client referrals, vendor referrals, partner referrals, something else to compensate. But what we don't wanna do is build a business that's only one thing. One of the things that I constantly see right now is coaches encouraging photographers to build a business purely based on paid ads. Now there's nothing wrong with incorporating paid ads into your marketing strategy. The issue is that when your business is purely reliant on paid ads, you live and die by the effectiveness of those ads. And if and when, which this is always the case, that paid ads go from being effective to less effective over time. As soon as they become less effective.

your business no longer is functioning. And if you don't have a runway, it can straight up fail. So I don't mind you choosing any one of these things, even paid ads. What I just want you to consider is we wanna build something that is, has multiple lead generation sources that are going into our funnel, not just one, okay? But again, we're gonna start with one. I'm gonna give you an approach and a framework on how to do this, the exact steps of what I would do, but this is the overall goal and what we're here to do in steps six through 11. All right, let's go to the next lesson.