that would go into my short form, okay? I'm gonna give you more examples also as we go. So don't stress if I'm like, like, Pi, my niche isn't that. Don't worry, we're gonna apply this to every one of your niches. I'm gonna give you the tools to do that too. Then we can take the same content and we can build it into an email or nurture sequence. So when somebody actually signs up for our newsletter, our PDF, we can actually take the same material that we've been putting onto our website and just copy paste into a nurture sequence or into an email sequence to welcome them.

and say, hey, welcome aboard, I have this guide. And now you have an actual client experience where they registered and they're like, oh, as soon as I registered, Karen sent me this beautiful guide that showed me exactly what the next steps would look like and what could help me in this process. And we start building relationships with people that we haven't even talked to yet. Next piece is to repurpose and reshare. The beautiful thing is all the content we're creating, we're gonna house into a content library where you can easily access it, where you can share it, where you can continue to reshare over time.

you've published something to social media, it gets about a 60, maybe more like a 30-day window. So usually around the 60 to 90-day mark, that's a great time to republish something that did well. Ideally, when you republish it, you make a slight tweak to it. Maybe you adjust the hook a little bit. Maybe you use a different piece of music. But you can republish because people that are coming to your social media, they're constantly changing. And it's not like your entire audience is seeing everything you publish anyway. So publishing something 60 or 90 days after it was first published is totally doable. It's what it's made for.

where short form content is meant to be reused. So we're building a library of assets in this. Then we're gonna amplify via partnerships. So whenever you've featured a vendor, a venue, a location, anything, you can literally reach out to them. Say, hey, I just featured you in this last social media post or on my website. I even gave you a link back. I'd love to sit down for coffee. Holy shit. Now you've done something beneficial for them upon reach out. And of course they wanna have coffee with you because you're already helping them in their business. You've already linked to them.

Plus, if you start cracking on social media, they're gonna be like, can you show me how you did this? And believe me, they'll be sending you business just to help them in theirs, okay? This is also where we wanna grow the community. So what we wanna do is make sure that each call to action that we're using is bringing people into our own email newsletter, okay? Think of all the audiences, Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, these are rented audience. Just because people subscribe to you does not mean that they are your audience. It's YouTube's platform.

Instagram's platform, always think of it as I'm renting space from these platforms. So we want to do is with the content that we're publishing, give people a reason. Again, that's where a lead magnet comes into play. Give people a reason with each video. You doesn't have to be every single one, but to come to you and to pick up, Hey, if you like this, download my free lead magnet. You can find the link in my bio, give them a reason to come to you and to actually give them, give you their information so you can pull them into your community and.

not simply rely on the platforms. What we wanna do is use the platforms, understand it's rented space, looking to grow our own space, okay? And then from here, you just experiment and expand the buckets. We're gonna talk about buckets. Buckets, there's my concept of like different types of content we're creating, okay? A talking head piece where I give tips just like this. I might have a behind the scenes piece. So I have a behind the scenes bucket. I have a talking head bucket. So I'm gonna expand and try different things. Maybe I try, you know, viral hooks.

a bucket. Things that work, I keep doing. I lean into. Things that don't, I drop. I move away from, right? But we keep experimenting and expanding. Again, I'm going to give you the entire thing here. So please don't be overwhelmed with this right now. We're going to start with the top lead with strategic content. So we're simply going to start by understanding SEO, and I'm going to give you the approach to that. And then we're going to expand it into each of these other things as you work through each step in the program. Okay? Well,

What I'm gonna mention is there's three E's. I didn't make this up. This is just good marketing. This has been used in marketing for actually quite some time. Some people argue it's the four E's. I think it's bullshit. You got enough E's, you don't need more E's. We get the idea. The three E's of good content is simply this. Each piece of content, you can design content that does one of these things, like educates. It empowers them with knowledge or information. You could design a piece of content that engages. It gives them relevant content, news, information, something that makes them wanna like, share, discuss something, or you can make.

to entertaining, right? Content can be that, it can be fast-paced, visually dynamic, it can be funny, dramatic, all those things. The best content is a little bit of a sweet spot. It kind of hits all three of these. So if we are some sort of a headshot photographer, we might create something that's entertaining, and entertaining always needs to fall into your personality. If your brand isn't really, if you yourself aren't humorous, then that shouldn't be the way that you entertain, right? If you yourself are quirky, then lean.

into that side of entertaining, right? Entertaining can mean a lot of things. I find things that are educational and interesting also entertaining, okay? So just understand we don't need to become comedians here. We don't need to be musicians, but we need to create something that is somewhat entertaining. But let's say you're doing headshots, right? We wanna make something that can educate, something that can engage them. And so what I might do is to make it entertaining, I might say, hey, hey, look, instead of a crappy shot like this, try this instead. And this is literally.

how I built my, I started a TikTok experiment back in 2022 or something like that, 2021. And I got it to 1.4 million followers in six months by literally that hook. Hey, instead of doing this, try this. And I would kind of make it quirky and fun. Like I like to, hey dummy, instead of doing this, like I do, try this instead, you know, so it's a little bit self-deprecating. It's a little bit, you know, but that works so incredibly well. It's entertaining. You're going to educate them. It's engaging. Hey, what'd you think about this?

and give it a shot, let me know what you think, right? I'm gonna give you ideas on exactly how to do this as we move forward. I just want you to have in mind whether we're writing a piece of content for your website, whether it is a video, whether it's short form, whether it's long form, whether it's a newsletter, whether it's, it doesn't matter what it is, whether it's a lead magnet. There's these three E's of good content. By the way, one of the easiest ways to entertain that I know every one of you are likely gonna overlook is just putting.

your own personality into it. It's the same thing that I've been having you do on your website. You're about you page. Build your personality into this process and immediately you gain an entertainment factor there that most people don't have because most people aren't generating human kind of content. And believe me, going to this AI world, being human in your content is gonna be a very real form of entertainment, all right? So these are the three E's. This is the leverage framework. Now.

Let's start unpacking and working step-by-step through each component.