Okay, let's start getting a bit into the weeds with top-down marketing design. And the first idea is what is top-down marketing design? So as I mentioned, this entire module is about building a kind of content marketing roadmap. Okay, we're not gonna get deep into like the nuts and bolts here. We're gonna save that for the next module. What we're doing is staying high level and we're building a roadmap of what these marketing efforts are gonna look like. The reason we're doing this.

doing this is because of this pain point. This isn't an unrealistic pain point. I just don't have enough time. That is a very realistic thing, right? We don't have enough time to spend 40 hours a week trying to push our brands. So we do need to budget some time each week for marketing, but we need to make sure that system is efficient. And that's the entire premise of top-down marketing design. So this is how we basically took LinenJersa from zero to a multi-seven figure a year.

business by doing this over the course of like two, three years. Okay. And you're going to get results quicker. I'm saying we didn't hit the $2 million mark until like our fourth, fifth year in business, but our second year in business within, within the first year, we actually had replaced our income second year in business. We were making more than we were making at our, at our jobs. This is exactly the structure of how we did it. Okay. The concept is, is one of leverage. Okay. And that's why I named the framework leverage. The idea behind this is we're going.

to create one, one valuable piece of content, and then we're going to leverage that piece of content and repurpose it to maximize the effectiveness of it, okay? So leverage in a nutshell, and I'm going to give you the steps of this in just a second, but this framework in a nutshell is we take one valuable piece of evergreen SEO ready content. So what this would be is like, let's say you have an article that would go onto your resource page on your website, or it could go into your blog as well.

But maybe it's, you know, how do I find the perfect wedding photographer? Maybe it's, you know, how to plan a family portrait shoot. Maybe it's what do I wear to my boudoir session? It's something that helps your client in their journey. It's something that answers a question that all of them are asking or wondering, right? We start with this piece and we create it for the website first because then we can allow it to start getting effectiveness or gaining effectiveness in both SEO and AEO. SEO is.

Search Engine Optimization, AEO is AI Engine Optimization. Okay? So we allow it to start being kind of popular, like crawled and used in all these different high-level functions. Then what we do is we take that same piece of content and we start breaking it down. Maybe we wanna do a long-form video for YouTube. Maybe we wanna break it, like to me, a non-negotiable is like, let's break it into short-form videos for social media. Maybe we're gonna put it into our newsletter. Maybe we're gonna create a lead magnet from it. Then we...

we go even further? We can repeatedly use these assets across social media. This is how we effectively distribute, right? We can send it out through emails. We can also use it for collaborating with partners as well. So leverage in a nutshell, starting with one piece and then basically breaking it into multiple pieces. And the reason why this is so powerful is because most people think at this level, most of us start backwards with our content marketing approach, right? We just go, what should I be posting to social media?

What should I, you know, how should I reach out to these vendors? How should I, you know, collaborate with somebody? Most of us think from this approach and nothing is guided, which means that we're not creating any long-term assets. There's no vision of how we're going to use these components. And what we're doing is just grinding our way to views and hopefully leads. And even if you manage to get leads, oh my goodness, this approach is working 10 times harder for the same amount of result. Okay, so think, you know.

working 40 hours a week as instead of four hours a week and yet you generate the same number of leads. All right. So again, the reminder, this is exactly how we built out LineageRSA. It's exactly what we do for each of our brands, each of the companies that we work with. Yes, it works. It's how you get long-term marketing assets into your business. And yes, it works for our alumni as well. I wanna get more than just Tom in here, but Tom last year was implementing all this stuff and he jumped from 57th to top 10.

within his niche in a very short period of time. And this continues to have results. Now think of this as a snowball effect, right? If I can get you to rank for even images in Google, if I can get you to pop up for an AI search, if I can get more views and more eyeballs to your business, it doesn't just, it's not just about those views and those immediate leads that come through. Once you get those leads and those bookings, you get to go on those shoots and you're creating more content from the shoots itself. So you're now generating.

getting more marketing from that. And then you're also collaborating with people. You're meeting people on a shoot, maybe other venues, maybe vendors, maybe they're just potential partners, maybe you're just expanding your network. So as I get you out and you're getting paid to go and do these shoots, you're also building more marketing assets to utilize. So it's not just about the one side of getting more views or just jumping up in your Google ranking or any of those things. This is about how it impacts, how one thing from the top can have a snowball effect moving down. And remember.

or the whole concept of the program is 1% better every day. This is how we get there. Okay. 1% better every day over the course of, you know, a year, two, three, four years. It'll, it'll make a massive difference. You'll be in a completely different place in just a matter of months. So the leverage framework is basically a balanced approach to marketing. What we're doing is we're using social media kind of as our short-term marketing lever. This is how we get immediate views, how we get people onto our business right away. And then we're

we're kind of building in, we're starting with like this long-term approach, right? This is the SEO, the AEO content ready piece that's gonna have effect over time. We have lead magnets that can help us to generate leads over time. This is kind of the longer strategy that's built into this while we have the short-term strategy kind of at whatever social media might be popular at the time. Right now, most of it's gonna be on Instagram, but that could shift, that could change. So leverage is kind of a balanced approach for this. We're working on.

short-term views while also balancing long-term marketing. Okay? One more time, if we have no niche or if you have multiple niches, if we haven't figured out steps one through five at this point, you're gonna start seeing how it's impossible to do this because marketing without a niche is virtually impossible. You don't know who you're talking to. You have to create, or even if you're marketing with multiple niches, right? Oh, you mean I gotta create this for my wedding client? I also gotta create this for my senior portrait client? Oh, I also gotta create this for my headshot client? We don't have enough.

of time and we become spread too thin very quickly. And if we are constantly publishing topics that vary all over the place, it doesn't look like we know what we're doing or who we're speaking to. So this is, again, the place where we have to really dial in, okay? Now, I know you want examples of the leverage framework. I'm literally gonna give you the entire framework in just a moment. And as far as a lead magnet goes, lead magnets are like, let's say you are an elopement brand, right? And maybe my

focuses elopements in Paris. Well, one of the most common things that my clients would want is the elopement guide to Paris, like how to plan the perfect elopement. So not only would that be an article on my website, but once I'm done with the article on my website, then I would actually put it into a lead magnet. So when someone lands on my website, they would get a little pop-up that goes, hey, would you like my elopement planning guide? And then they can put in their info, and then I get their phone number, I get their email, and then I send them the PDF guide.

on how to plan so it's a valuable asset that helps them in their client journey okay now let me show you the actual leverage framework so what we're going to do is lead with strategic content so the l is lead with strategic content that means we start with an seo or aeo ready high impact resource that's valuable to your audience and your potential clients this is going to land on our website then the e we expand it into long form content this one's going to be

This is long form would be like YouTube or you could even do longer, you know, Instagram videos and whatnot but what's nice about these is they're great for embedding onto your website and again, don't stress the entire Point of having modules 6 through 11 is to give you actual tactical steps on how to do every single one of these things Right now we're keeping this high level focusing on what we're gonna be doing throughout the next series of steps So that you understand the premise, okay, so I'll show you how to expand it in the long form and I'll see you in the next one.

This one for me is kind of a non-negotiable. I'm gonna viralize it. The V is viralize it with short form content. So we take that big article and we start breaking it up. We can usually get four to five different pieces of short form content for social media out of one single article. So if this was the elopement guide to Paris weddings, then one piece of this might be, here are my five favorite locations for this in Paris, right? And it might be a simple piece from this lead magnet, from the article.