Okay, last piece of dialing in our overall content marketing strategy. We're going to, of course, add to this as we go, but what I want coming out of this module is that you have like a good place to begin your efforts. So we're talking about niche keywords now. These are those less searched, less competitive keyword phrases, but they're very specific to your target audience's wants and needs. And reminder, I would much rather take a hundred views that are on target than a million views that are off. Okay. Well, maybe a million is a little high. 10,000 views that are off. A hundred on target are far greater than 10,000 off target. So examples of this is like if you were to search for four seasons, Westlake.

like in InVillage, then these are the things that pop up organically. You see the Linen Jersey website, so I've checked each of the spots that come up organically, right? And it's not just for like regular search. So it's not just about the pages themselves, it's actually about getting the images into search ranking as well. Image search is one of the best ways that people look for inspiration. It's gonna stay this way for quite a while. And even when ChatGPT releases their browser, most likely it's gonna be relying on image search too. So all these things are still gonna be very relevant. But if you type the same thing into image search, then all the check marks are our images that are popping up, or our images that are featured in other magazines, right? And those features, by the way, is a big part.

of how we build link strategy like link authority is by simply getting your work featured. But anyway, that's for down the road. But look at all the images that get linked over. So as soon as they click these, they enter our website into some spot and we need to know kind of where they're entering in from. That's why, by the way, when we're talking about step five, I was saying on your articles, on your resources, on all those pages, you need to tell people what it is that you do and calls to action on those pages because they don't necessarily know. When they click this, they don't know that they're on a wedding photographer's website. They don't know that you are happy to give them a free console. They don't know any of those things. So each of these entry points needs to be prepared to convert.

of view into an actual lead, all right? Okay, so location examples of niche keywords might be like downtown Pasadena engagement photos, Central Park engagement photography, Hilton Pearl New York wedding photography. These are all wedding examples. Portrait examples, how to prepare for your newborn photos, family photography tips, newborn photos in Paris, could be anything, right? Family photography locations in New York City, affordable maternity photos in Las Vegas. All of these are niche keyword topics that can potentially be relevant. Now, this last one is one that I wanted to show you because it may be highly searched, but you gotta be careful with,

We want that, there's not a harm to getting those views, but if someone is searching for affordable or cheap, then those topics, those views that are coming in are likely gonna be from unqualified people. So this last one is tossed in to kind of like understand, I should have put an X next to it, to understand that depending on the keyword term, we need to make sure that the keyword term that we're looking for is likely gonna be what our desired audience will be typing in, okay? So from here, we're gonna start developing this content roadmap. We know the primary keyword strategy, but that's really only for the front page of your website. It's the homepage, right? This keyword road, the content roadmap.

is for all these other pages, and it's also gonna be the topics we're creating for social media and the things that we're creating along the way for newsletters and for lead magnets and everything. So let's work in getting a few of these topics down. So what I want you to do is, step one, we're gonna go for less search but more specific keywords. We're going for our niche keywords. They match your target avatar's wants and needs, problems and challenges, frequently asked questions, and their searches for inspiration, okay? An AI prompt, and by the way, I gave you, so if you wanna start the conversation with just a new prompt or use something that's different, like Grok or a different AI, this is just a general prompt that you can use with any AI tool.

You can also modify, I don't think I, did I give you one for this? No, for the brand strategist, if you wanted to, you could literally just, for the primary keyword, say, hey, I'm a photographer based out of this location. What do you think my primary keyword should be? And that'll work as well. What I might do is build in a general one too in case you guys are running into drift. You can just start up a new conversation. Okay, so let's go to this conversation with our brand strategist, and even though it's completely drifting on our case, but let's see here. I'm gonna go to the brand strategist. Okay, before we start, please reference your instructions.

I want all of your guidance to be focused on my Paris-based elopement brand. So I'm just gonna give it a set to prevent drift right from the beginning. Thanks, dummy. I shouldn't be mean. One day, I will probably be following the instructions of an AI. One day, all of us, our lives will be ruled by these. So let's be nice. So when that day comes, they're nice to us. Okay, now with what you know about my brand, give me some niche keywords that would make for fantastic articles, resources, even short-form content based on what my clients.

that they're searching, go ahead and drop this in. Okay, and then what we're gonna do is we're gonna get a lot of ideas from this, how to elope in Paris without the Eiffel Tower, Paris elopement for introverts, meaningful places to elope in Paris. And then what I'm gonna do is actually start grabbing these and going back to Google search and just go back to Keyword Planner and say, okay, well, let's put one of these in. Okay, and meaningful places to elope in Paris. That's interesting. Now, zero to 10 is not necessarily like a deal breaker for me. If someone's putting this in, what I'm gonna get from that person is highly targeted. So meaningful.

Placing to elope in Paris actually could still be useful. So don't feel like zero to 10 is a deal breaker because if those 10 searches are highly targeted, then we're good. Okay, let's see. We're not traditional. How to plan. What about how to plan? Let's go how to plan a Paris elopement. So let's go back to the planner. Paris elopement. Get results. Okay, zero to 10 too. So what we're gonna do is look for these relevant topics that would make for great articles, great guides, and you're gonna start populating into.

do this niche keyword strategy and along the way, so like how to elope in Paris, and I'm gonna say zero to 10, right? But importance is like a 10 for me. So I'm gonna give them a little ranking, like this is so on target with my people, and I think that this would make for a great lead magnet too, so I'm not too concerned that there's not a ton of searches, what search volume it does get, it seems like this would be a search term, and what it does get is highly important. So what we're gonna do is kind of pick topics that we think are interesting, like these are visually emotional, or visual emotional queries, these are lifestyle aligned, we're gonna pick topics that are interesting and start populating this brand and strategy guide. Now again,

And if we start facing drift issues, that's why I'm gonna make sure that you still have the other prompt too. So grab this prompt. Okay, and we'll start up a new conversation. I'm a elopement photographer, serve the Paris area, those that hire me. And then what I would do here is include like a brief description of your audience. Okay, you can get that from your brand strategist if it's not acting crazy or you can get it just, you can just write it out if you have it in your brand strategy workbook. Okay, the clients that hire me are

Couples who love beautiful and emotional memories, they want to elope to avoid wedding stress. Okay, and then from there, so give it a little bit of an idea. I don't know why there's a quote in there. And drop it in. Okay, and again, you'll get a lot of good ideas directly from this, from just a new conversation as well. So there's, again, it came up with how to elope in Paris, Paris elope in packages, best place to elope. I like best places. When is the best time of year to elope? That's a good question.

Great one. So take each one of these, just make sure that there's some search volume to it. If it's highly targeted, it's still worth doing. And by the way, there are other ways of tracking like keyword volume. There's various other tools. The only reason I show you this one is because the Google Keyword Planner, it's not the most robust, but it's free. All it requires that you have a Google ad account. You might need to link it up to a form of payment, but it's free to use and whatnot. So a lot of the other ones, they're not free or they give you like a couple of uses and then you gotta start paying for it. Okay, but this will give you a place to start building out. And what I want you to do now is go ahead and pause. So step three, remember that based on the top.

topic, the search volume, your level of interest, everything, give them a ranking in terms of importance. So we go to the brand strategist, I want you to write out what these topics would be. Because as you can imagine, not only is it gonna be effective in forms of an article, like an SEO-based article, How to Lope in Paris, but then what if I said in the actual full article I give some of my three tips on my timeline, right? I could take that exact section of content right over to a short-form video and say, look, if you're looking to elope in Paris, here are three tips to help with your timeline. And that's it, you have your short-form piece right there, and we're gonna adapt it over to.